Works well. A bit bulky. This rebuilt grill works well.  Comes with 2 pairs of grilling plates that are easy to switch and/or clean.  This is a large unit so it is more difficult to store
I'm impressed. I waited through the Christmas season to get this kettle- and I'm SOOO glad I did.  It's huge, it's handsome, the whistle is a mellow harmonic tone, it's well balanced, and the handle won't burn you - unless you continue to heat several kettles of water successively.  So mostly, that doesn't happen.  I drink tea all day long and using this kettle is a treat!  If you are willing to spend the money, you will be pleased
Imagine not having a cup of coffee tomorrow morning... ...and you'll understand why you need at least one extra carafe on hand. If you're going to buy the champagne of coffeemakers, the Bodum 12-cup, do yourself a favor and spring for the replacement glass now.
LOVE it!. Why didn't I buy this sooner??  This washer spins so well that even towels I wash in the evening are dry before I go to bed (I hang them and have a fan on them).  The washer holds plenty and runs incredibly quietly.  Loads that do retain more water after draining--towels/sweaters--do tend to make the first spin cycle a little loud (medium hum sound).  However, the initial spin is less than 10 seconds, so about the time I notice that the washer is making more sound than normal, it's over.Some the reviews mentioning placing the bottom tray 'convex/concave' were confusing to me.  They may be clear to others, but I wasn't sure what the convex/concave was in reference to (me as I'm installing the tray with the washer on its side, or in reference to the washer when it's upright??), so here's what worked for me:  install the tray so that it sets like it should catch water (like the drip pan under your refrigerator) when the washer is upright.  Of course, with the holes in it, it isn't really a drip-pan, but hopefully this is easier to understand.I found the 'quick connect' thing that was included with my washer kept leaking at the sink connection (I really had to make the connection at the washer tight to stop leaks there).  I went to Home Depot and got a new connector for the sink for eight bucks & haven't had a problem since.  I also tied both the hose & drain hoses together with velcro ties so they hang together in the sink.  When I'm not using the hoses, I then use the velcro ties to hang the hoses on a hook on the wall.I do love my Downy ball, but I think it makes alot of noise in this washer as it floats & rubs against the steel washer basin, so I just add the softener directly to the final rinse (there are 2 rinse cycles).As another reviewer said--- the lint filter is incredible.  I didn't think that little thing would catch much, but I really do have to empty it after every 1-3 washes.If you're doing your laundry at a laundromat, save your money and time.  This little washer is fantastic.  I'm a laundry freak---I love doing laundry and I'm very picky about where/how it's done.  Not to mention the safety concern in public laundromats.  This washer is worth its weight in gold.  Really.
Rival 8550-X Electric Ice Cream Maker. This product does an excellent job of making home made ice cream provided you use a recipe that will freeze up well.  We tend to put more of the cream products in (whipping and half & half) to give it more body, so it takes longer for it to freeze.  But, with liberal use of salt prior to the actual "cranking", it will freeze up quite nicely.  Good product
Good, but get the 'spade' instead. My mother-in-law has this Kitchen Aid "scoop" version.  It's good, but not as good as the "spade" version.  I give it 4 stars by comparison.  If you must have round ice cream balls for an ice cream cone, then you could get this, however the spade works much better for scooping ice cream, cutting through easily and scooping plenty. You could still make a "ball" if you really wanted to with the spade.I've had my Kitchen Aid Spade for 2 years.  It is THE best ice cream scoop(spade) ever.  No matter how cold or hard the icecream/yogurt is, the spade cuts right through.These Kitchen Aid "scoops" or "spades" are better than the types with anti-freeze type liquid which supposedly helps.  Don't bother -- these Kitchen Aid scoops cut through anything.  The handle is perfect, and the whole thing is well-balanced (for both the spade and scoop).5 stars for the Spade, 4 stars for the Scoop.  I'd even pay twice as much for the Kitchen Aid Spade if required
Handy-dandy tote. Holds Champagne bottles too. Stores flat. Nice workmanship. Great for trips. XLT value
beautiful table. I ordered this for our entry way and it is beautiful.  The table if very heavy and looks great.  Great product and a great price.  We get many compliments
Good all-around 24oz travel mug. I spent a lot of time looking for a 24oz travel mug that was usable both with and without the top on (most have the screw threads, but this one is rubber pressure sealed so you can drink out of it with the top off).  It's very sturdy, with the exception of the handle which is a bit flexible, but not enough to cause any problems.  The handle is attached to a ring around the top of the mug and is actually a separate piece so be sure to wash in the cracks if you drink with the top off.In general, for a two-pack of these you can't beat the price vs. quality ratio.  I have one of these at work and the other at home and both fit under the pod machines at those locations (a tight fit, but a fit none the less).  I would definitely by these again
Pleasant tea. This is a simple, clean-lined tea for one.  It is very lightweight and feels like it is hollow inside the ceramic.  I worry that it would easily break if dropped.That said, it has handled my microwave and dishwasher with no problems and the spout is well-designed (it does not dribble or drip when pouring, and is wide enough that properly made loose tea does not clog the spout).  It may not be anything fancy to look at, but it is not ugly, and it serves its purpose well
Keep 'em busy. I bought this for my dog last Christmas and she loves it. It keeps her busy for quite a long time
Great balance and weight. I found this when looking for a larger Santuko type knife.  I took it out of the package at the store and was immediately impressed with how it felt in my hand, with the light weight, and with the balance.  I use if for cutting vegetables and have found it works better for me than the larger and heavier Furi 7 inch East West knife I had been using.  The edge seems to hold well and touches up nicely on my old Chicago Cutlery sharpening steel.  After one use, I gave away the Furi and this little jewel has become my most used knife.  I'm not a chef and don't need anything bigger or heavier or in a harder steel. My other daily use knives are a Shun 3.5 inch paring knife, a Lamson slicer, and a Chicago Cutlery paring knife. Sometimes simple is best and Henry David Thoreau would love this highly functional little knife
Sharper Image Mini Fridge. I bought this fridge to keep under my desk at work to keep my coffee creamer, yogurt and fruit.  It has been on the cool setting and running non-stop for probably close to a year and a half.  It finally stopped running last week and I'm looking to replace it.  It was louder than I would have preferred when it was running but it is no louder than a space heater.  I took the shelf out of it and had plenty of room for tall bottles and the shelves in the door were also very handy.  All in all, I was very pleased with it and will probably purchase another one.
Works great. I have found this colander to be an excellent kitchen tool.  It's great for washing and rinsing berries, fresh lettuce and other vegetables as well as draining pastas.  It fits my sink perfectly and allows me to keep the food from sitting in the sink to drain.
Great Knives. The knives are fantastic. It is so wonderful to work with really sharp  and well balanced knives.  I liked them so much I went ahead and purchased more of the knives with the block... but these two are the  favorite knives in Our kitchen.  My daughter and I fight over who will get to use them.  The big one is our favorite
Great spice rack at a decent price. We were looking for a wall-mounted spice rack that wasn't too expensive.  This one fits the bill nicely. The lids are all Metal, not the chromed plastic like the cheap ones.  It came with pre-printed labels for just about any spice you would ever have. It looks great in our kitchen!  I would highly recommend it
very nice. this is a good pet bed and a bargain for the prize.  Seems to be well made, very puffy, my dog was trying to pound it down before laying on it.  I love the round shape, have always had rectangles but this fits the area better and  seems to provide plenty of laying room for the dog
Soft with a good fit. We are verry satisfied with our Pinzon sheets, we had pruchased other more expensive sheets in the past and these were just as good if not better than the fancy name brand.  The two things that were a deciding factor in my purchase were the free shipping and the depth of the pockets, when the sheets arrived I was more than happy as they fit our pillow top matrice quite well and were ever so soft, I was looking for deep pocket sheets and these didn't say that in the description so I was not sure how they would fit. I have since purchased several more sets from Pinzion, including many of their plad ones.  Here in Alaska there is nothing better than a set of soft, warm, flannel sheets on a cold winter night. They are nice in the summer as well
suction plus quiet. Living in Germany for half a year, our flat came with this vacuum.  Its clearly the best vacuum I've ever had.  Not only does it work flawlessly, it is small, light, and quiet.
Great value, some tricky assembly. I'll echo some of the other reviews and point out that the final assembly of the drawer can be a real test of your patience. The panels don't quite line up until ALL the screws are fully tightened, and even then you might have to apply some five fingered persuasion, or as my Dad would say, &amp;amp;quot;Give it a whack to let it know who's boss&amp;amp;quot;. If you're having trouble inserting the wooden plugs that cover the screws you'll want to use a rubber mallet to drive them in. If you don't happen to have one handy you can avoid marring the finish by using a small hammer with an old sock slipped over the head to tap the plugs home.Outside of those two minor assembly glitches this is an excellent unit that is sturdy, attractive, and very functional. Since it's made from real wood, albeit end glued boards milled to shape, you'll find it considerably stronger and lighter than comparable items made from MDF that you'll find at this price point.
High quality dog collars. This is one of many Lupine collars and leashes that I have bought. The cool colors and patterns are fun. The best part about the collars is the amazing strength of the materials used to make the product and the super secure stitching.  I know that my dogs are safe when they are wearing Lupine products. And, they look cute too
know what time it is. this clock will make you very popular. seeing as you'll be the only in the world to own this specific color clock, you'll get calls aking what time it is, just like the atomic clock in new york or where ever it is. while on the phone, you'll also be able to talk about how well the minute hand goes in that color. if you're single, the exact rpm of the minute hand will easily get you a date. this is what you need to make sure you don't miss your blind dat
Gift a Hit. These glasses were purchased as a Christmas gift and the recipient was very pleased with them
NO WARP YET NOT A LOT OF DOUGH!!. I bought two of these at Christmas time because I had found a lot of new recipes I wanted to try for the holidays but I did not have enough cookie sheets. Frankly, I often don't have many cookie sheets because I throw them away as soon as they warp which doesn't take very long unless you pay a lot for them.  However, these sounded much better than your run of the mill ones and yet the price was quite modest. From the moment I took them out of the boxes, I knew they were MUCH better than any cookie sheet I had previously owned. They are beautiful, easy to use and clean and are not stick but without teflon. They show no signs of wear or warp even through the heavy holiday baking. In fact, I have gotten rid of all other cookie sheets and am buying two more of these tonight. I recommend them to anyone looking for good quality bakeware at a price one you can afford
Very good. I got more than I expected.  Which is good, because it seemed over priced when I bought it.  But it was the only one I could find with a truly variable temp control.  Now, I think the price was fair.Pro's- Variable temprature: This is why I picked this product.  I wanted full control of the temp of the water.- Filtered spout: I don't use it.  Could be useful for keeping tea or any other particles in the pot while pouring.- Dock station: The pot is easily removed from doc, so there is no cord in the way when pouring.- Hidden Cord: Cord winds up inside the dock.  Makes it easy to hide extra cord, if you have that luxury.  See Cons :(.- Insulated: Keeps water hot for a long time.- Auto off:  Turns of when it gets to temperature.Cons- 4ft cord:  I could use 1 more foot :(.Wish list:- Stay On Option:  Keeping water at temperature would be a nice option. Rather than letting it slowly cool down.- Thermometer:  Doesn't tell you the actual temperature of the water.  Not even an estimate on the temperature knob.
Fiestaare Rimmed soup bowls. prompt arrival- excellent condition. My order arrive promptly within 3 days, free shipping and was in excellent condition.  Very  pleased. Will order again.  Thank you.
Great Fetch Toy. My dogs love the Air Kong Line. It is a great item to play fetch with and with the shape of theis toy both dogs try to pull on it to bring it back. Unlike the other review, mine has lasted several months without much wear and tear (it is quite dirty though). All in all I would say that this is a great item for fetch and the dog park. The balls are also great as they are close to indestructable for my dogs but still sqeak to drive them nuts
relative value. I purchased my first unit for a friend, who has multiple pets (kitties and pomeranians).  It worked so well for them, I bought one for my own 'pack'; I have been equally satisfied.From a performance standpoint, the unit is solidly constructed and runs quietly (as long as you keep the water levels high enough).  It does require a degree of maintenance, however.  The unit benefits from at least a weekly cleaning ... in fact, it is essential to clean the intake of the pump at least that frequently, because hair and other gunk can clog the unit, causing the water flow to be greatly diminished.  From a hygiene standpoint, it's a good idea to disinfect at least that frequently anyhow.  The filters need regular replacement too, and can be devilish to find.With those considerations in mind, is the unit really a value?  From my viewpoint, absolutely.  The fountain has become the watering station of choice for all of my animals (and my friend's pets too); the water stays cool and presumably fresh, and the 'kids' drink more frequently than they did with ceramic bowls (lot less slime, too).  I wouldn't hesitate to recommend this product to anyone - provided they accept the responsibility of keeping it maintained.
great mug. This mug is great.  I bought two of them. My husband loves his as well.  It does not have the little thing on the lid that you have to move to drink, which is nice.  It's easy to handle and fits in all of our car cup holders.  Keeps drinks warm for a reasonable amount of time, not hours, but long enough to to drink it all without racing through
Perfect Gift. We gave this as a gift and the couple we gave it to are very pleased with it
Worked great for us!. We have four dogs, and they're pretty good at working each other into a frenzy of barking. One of our neighbors "strongly suggested" this product as a possible remedy. I did some investigation before purchasing, including talking to the manufacturer. Their sense was that it works for about 50% of dogs, which is in line with what I saw in other on-line reviews at the time (this was about a year and a half ago).Anyway, because they had a good return policy I went ahead and made the purchase, and it worked wonderfully. The barking dropped substantially in the corner of the yard where we put it, and in fact we wished we had bought more (we have a very big yard). That led to our downfall: we were moving it around frequently, and during one of the moves it got dropped into our irrigation ditch. Oops.Needless to say, it didn't work after that. But, remarkably, the corner of the yard where we initially installed it stayed pretty quiet for several months. Now the grass is green, the buds are blooming, and the dogs are chasing squirrels and barking at phantoms that only they can perceive, so it's time to replace the unit. This time I'm buying two, and anticipating a peaceful spring and summer.
Good for young kids; but better for senior kids/adults. I purchased this set of boxes for my 3-year-old kid to store his toys. They are strong enough, with good design and reasonable price. However, my kid, not understanding what they are for, loves to fold them or to enter them. While we still use them for kid's toy storage, they might work better for senior kids and adults.
Glasses Not Guaranteed. Just wanted to alert potential buyers to the fact that the glasses are not covered under the traditional Corelle guarantee.Bought a set for my daughter, within one week two of the glasses had broken from falling over in the sink! Not sure if they are especially fragile; but suggest you consider buying a set of Corelle with mugs or cups and saucers as in my experience they were covered under the guarantee of workmanship
It's Just ok ., Bakwaas hain . It's quite big and takes hell lot of time to cook. Food burn very quickly, bottom material is not that good. It should be thick enough to resist heat.
Sanyo SK-7W Space Saving Toasty Oven. I ordered this oven for my parents.  They had the same one in the past and was very happy with it.  They even bought it for a few gifts.  They use it for re-heating pizza, toasting bagels, etc.  Never broke in years
SUPER SOFT!. THE SIMPLY SOFT YARNS ARE ALL SO WONDERFUL TO WORK WITH...SOFT AND EASY ON YOUR FINGERS.  THE COLORS IN THIS VARIEGATION ARE SIMPLY BOLD AND BEAUTIFUL
Good for Ties, Problematic for Belts. Good Product. I've gone through many different gadgets to hang my ties (motorized, rotary, hooks, etc.). In the end, I began storing them in a box on my dresser to keep them off the floor, and without damage.I recently purchased this product and found that it is awesome!* Solid Construction* Chrome plated hanger* Non-slip vinyl tie holder area* Actually quite smallI only ordered one set, thinking that this was going to be a low quality problem, but they're great. I'll definitely order more of these for my ties.That being said, I don't think this product is much for hangin belts. I like to store my belts either flat or coiled...but not folded in half. So, unless you have the belt buckle with a big hole in the middle, this product won't due much as a belt hanger.In conclusion: Tie Hanger=Excellent; Belt Hanger=Not so goo
Very good skillet, surprisingly. Many of you reading these reviews may be wondering how this compares to similar items made of cast iron.   I can tell you that, while it obviously isn't cast iron and for that reason alone many will say it is inferior, it is still an excellent griddle.The bottom is very heavy and it conducts heat well.  It fits perfectly over 2 burners on one side of my gas stove.  I've cooked several sandwiches at once on it as well as pancakes and some eggs, and the heat seems to distribute very evenly.  I was very impressed with this aspect of the griddle, as cast iron is known for its even heating and I was wondering how an aluminum griddle would hold up; it definitely does a fine job.The bonus, of course, is the nonstick surface, and it's a good one, not some chintzy teflon coating. Good quality construction.  The handles are solid and it doesn't feel cheap at all when you hold it.  Take care of this griddle (make sure it doesn't get scratched) and it will take care of you
Extending a tradition.... This stock pot is the ideal energy saver amongst its other attributes- beauty, durability, value... all so readily found in the Revere line.  The tall, narrow configuration allows less heat to be lost from the contents.  One can set the burner heat lower as a result.  I received my first Revere ware as a gift over 50 years ago and those pots are still in great shape.  This new addition will outlive me and serve my grandchildren well
Great kettle. This kettle is doing great so far! It is fast, easy to fill, and the water actually tastes like water. The lowest setting is good for hot chocolate. Couldn't ask for more in a kettle
easy to use. easy to claen and replace filter. simple instructions. nothing to put together. is compact and fits on srairs for cleaning
Love this little tea kettle!. I should know.......... I have bought it twice now!   I started off buying the cheap ones....... but they are ugly & I walked out of the room while heating water & by the time I came back it was completely stuck to the burner.  (my fault)   I then decided to buy a NICE tea kettle  & bought the Le Creuset larger one .   REALLY loved it but it was just SO big.  I seem to be the only one who makes tea so I didn't need the big one. The 1  1/4 quart demi kettle is teh right size for one to two people. And you can have several cups of tea from it.  I use it to heat up water & add it to the coffee grinds in my coffee press.  I FINALLY bought this one & LOVE IT!!   It's perfect for me & looks nice on the stove when not in use.  I did have to buy another when I burned THIS one on the stove as well....... It didn't melt away on the stove but the enamel did start to chip......  But I LOVED this one SO MUCH that I immediately set out to find the exact same one.  I abslutely love it.  And I am being much more careful to not leave the room when I have the stove on.   :)  I am a firemans nightmare.
Blended by the light. This powerful and sylish blender replaced an old 12 speed Oster which had me grumbling with every use.  Two of the primary selection factors were the fact it was NOT an Oster and the wide-based glass pitcher.I've used this blnder to date to whirr together protein breakfast smoothies, make soup, and mix seasoning rub.  It worked well, evenly distributing the contents quickly, and pureeing squash soup to silky smoothness.  I like the pulse feature on this model, and feel two speeds is all I need.  I have not used this blender to chop ice, and I use fresh or partially thawed fruit for my smoothies, so I cannot speak to that feature.I especially like the glass pitcher, which is wider near the blades, easing cleaning.  This also seems to help distribute protein powder better than the old Oster, although that is sort of like saying a gasoline lawn mower is more effective than pruning shears to mow the lawn.The plastic cover seems less wimpy than the Oster, and has yet to warp out of shape in the dishwasher.  I also find the pitcher is MUCH easier to take apart and reassemble for cleaning.  I like the pitcher's stability, and it is attractive enough to serve from.  It is heavy, but that is the trade-off with glass.  So far, I am very happy and only wish I had not waited so long
Metrokane Vacuum Wine Stoppers, Set of 4 Review. I bought this item for test purpose. It's a right product for my need
So far great coffee and experience. The drip coffee is excellent.  I love the programmable timer and ease of making coffee and cleaning.  The machine is quiet and makes coffee very quickly.The espresso maker is great.  The machine makes excellent espresso with espresso beans, I repeat here, espresso beans. It is also quiet, which I really like! There were a couple of tricks I had to learn - one is to make sure that the "taste" dial is not positioned all the way to "strong" otherwise the espresso machine skips making espresso and instead sends the steam to the foamer.  I like the foamer but it is a bit particular. First, it must be cleaned right away and the foamer does make a bit of a mess all over on the inside of the unit - milk seems to bubble out and go under the removable milk compartment and get into hard to reach places to clean. Second, the foamer works well with skim milk or 2% but not so well with whole milk - this is stated in the instructions as well.  I love whole milk in my cappucino so that was a bit of a drawback for me.Overall, I have really enjoyed having this machine and look forward to making either coffee or espresso.  It is a bit particular in that everything needs to be exactly right for it to work otherwise issues will arise. I've got it dialed now. I would advise reading instructions all the way through once and look over diagrams, then go back and read instructions and set up new machine step by step. It makes everything easier to understand
Loving Our First Toaster Oven. I did a lot of research online before finally buying this toaster oven at Bed, Bath & Beyond.  It was $89.99 but I paid about $40 for it using the 20% off mail coupon and a $30 gift card, so got a really great deal on a quality machine.  It's a nice compact size compared to larger toaster ovens, yet it accomplishes the same tasks.  Being digital, you don't have to worry about knobs breaking or melting, like I've read in other toaster oven reviews.  It's only 17" wide and has 12" depth for pizzas and other roomy items, so it fits nicely in a corner on my countertop - and I have a small to average-sized kitchen so I don't have much counter space to spare.It has two racks inside and any size of frozen pizzas along with most of my casserole dishes fit inside with no problem.  I did buy a set of toaster oven pans for cookies & muffins and a smaller pizza pan too, which also work great inside.  If the oven is preheated, our toast only takes three minutes to toast on the golden brown setting; or toasting on a cookie sheet quickens toasting time and makes crumb clean up a breeze.  The toast also comes out less dry than pop-up toasters.  It has a nice beeping feature to let you know when it's preheated to the temperature you want and it's super-fast to preheat, only two minutes!  Also when your timer is up, it beeps three series of short successive beeps which can be heard the same as a microwave timer.This toaster oven is actually similar to a microwave oven but with all the great oven features inside.  The stainless steel exterior and body design are very visually appealing, the oven itself functions great and it's also a convenient size for limited countertop space.  The only small complaint I have is that the digital cooking timer isn't actually a clock also, so it sits on "000" when you're not using the oven, and it always looks like a clock that hasn't been set.  But that's just a personal pet peeve of mine.  For our first toaster oven I'd give this 5 stars overall!
Had to get it to replace one from our childhood. My mother had a similar one when we were kids. It was much sturdier, but then again, they made things to last back then. The original chair had been burned in a bonfire during a bachelor party. The chair has always been remembered as the beezer chair. That is where we had to sit when Mom gave us our beezers. It was sacrificed to the Gods of the Haircut. At the time, it was very old, the seat torn many years before. My Mom just turned70 and I gave it to her as a birthday present. She was all excited. The chair stirred many memories. So while the quality was not of the same calibar as the original, the memories made it priceless
Party Central. A real attention getter at our parties.  Makes the perfect margarita as well as smooties and other drinks
It's PHENOMENAL!. As I tend to "nurse" a cup of tea at the office for a while, I decided to purchase this product this after looking around for a GOOD desktop electric mug warmer to use with a standard ceramic mug.  Such a product just doesn't seem to exist; check the Amazon customer ratings.  I  had one a number of years ago, and it was lousy (had hoped that someone had built a better mousetrap, but no one has!)I purchased this mug just about a month ago.  It's so good, I had to share the secret, and even if an improved electric warmer DID exist, I don't think I'd bother with its cord and risks given how good this is.  I'm sorry to see, though, that it's no longer available through Amazon (perhaps elsewhere on the Web?).I can make a mug of tea (a generous 20 oz) around 10a.m., and even by mid to late afternoon, 4 or 5p.m., it's still warm enough to enjoy.  And that's after leaving the top off for the first half hour or so to let it cool enough to drink!  Indeed, if there's a "fault" with it, it's almost TOO efficient if you use boiling water for the tea and want to take a sip right after you've finished brewing!Though called a "travel" mug, it won't fit into any auto cupholder I've seen.  It's really perfect for a desk.  It's relatively low (taller than a typical ceramic mug, though), the base is nice and wide, and there's a ring of rubber/silicone type material (which has not scuffed anything on my desk) around the edge of the bottom that really is non-slip; between these features it seems quite stable.  The removable black plastic top (friction secured with the typical silicone type O ring around the edge) allows you to move the opening anywhere you want, to use left or right handed.  There's a simple slide to open/close the drinking aperature.  The interior is also stainless steel, so no plastic taste.  Even with boiling water inside, the outside remains virtually at room temperature (as you'd expect, given its thermal efficiency).My only complaint (minor) is that it is NOT dishwasher safe (and I haven't tested it!), but it's easy to hand wash.  With the wide mouth, you can readily get your hand into it to clean the bottom.I have several inexpensive auto "insulated" mugs (key word here, I think, is "inexpensive"), that are truly underwhelming, so initially I didn't have high expectations for this, but it really is fantastic.  If you want a hot beverage to keep for several hours on your desk, this is for you!  No regrets
great product for small spaces. we are very pleased with our pot rack..if you have limited space this is a very good value and holds quite a few pots in a small kitchen.
I love these dishes!. I ordered this about a year ago and no problems with delivery, received it after about 3 weeks, great price and quality, no complaints at all
Great replacement pads. Pads work great! I was glad I read previous reviews so that I did not put them in the dryer.  I love this mop!
Much improved over the original version. My original Drinkwell + extended reservoir worked for several years but then developed a slow leak.Don't know if it was a problem with the unit or my doing but when I saw the Platinum edition I decided to give it a try.This new version is much better looking although I would rather not have the product name emblazoned on the front.Operation is all but silent.  I have to get right up to it to hear anything.The pump seems to be stronger creating a larger arc to the stream vs. the original.My cats seem to like this because they all are lapping the stream where they just drank from the bowl of the original model.I never kept up with the filters in the old unit and most likely will not with this one.While they may offer some slight benefit I think they are more of a gimmick and an extended revenue producer for the manufacturer.After you get over the initial cost you will not regret purchasing this model - Highly recomended
color me a little disappointed. The quality of the china is very good. The weight and feel of the product is substantial. I was disappointed in the color and antique look to them. From the pictures I thought the color was going to be more of a buttercream yellow rather than ivory white and the antiquing more attractive. They almost look dirty instead of antiqued but the price is right and they are certainly adequate for every day use for my family
cosequin works. My Maine Coon has arthritis in his paws.  His paws get quite swollen. With the Cosequin the swelling has noticeably improved and he isn't limping! He isn't running but he is walking better.
Amazon Shipping. The knives have a reputation that preceeds them.  So, no comment is necessary for that.I wanted to point out that one should never use any method but "Super Saver" unless the item absolutely, positively must be there the next day.  I ordered five Global knives very late on the evening of the 15th and they will be arriving on the 17th.  That's essentially "Next Day".When you think about it, Amazon and UPS (et al.) gain nothing by delaying your order.  Once you have ordered and paid, the inventory becomes a liability to them.  It's much wiser and economical for them to get rid of it (ship it to you) ASAP to make room for other stock.  They aren't going to say "Gee, this guy _wants_ it in 5-7 days, we can't ship it yet!!!"
hmm... I'm not sure about this one.. the pans are a bit lighter weight than I thought they would be from the picture, and the rivets that attach the handle to the pan seem pretty small even for the small size of the pan.  Since I have yet to actually use it though, I'll give 4 stars... for now..
Good value and powerful. I purchased this unit just over a month ago. It arrived in less than a week. I've had no problems with it yet. It is truly all metal except for the splash guard/ingredient chute. To address some other reviews that had me concerned. The head doesn't slap around. That is a warranty issue for her. It does walk with big stiff dough recipes such as a two loaf all wheat. Simple physics, considering size and weight, tells you at medium to high speeds it will. Kinda lets you know it is a powerful electronic speed controlled mixer. I can easily steady the base for the few seconds to finish mixing. All other mixing jobs are done with ease. I, personally, like the tilt head. All stand mixers will require side scraping with some recipes, even the expensive KitchenAids. Although I made a five bar cheesecake yesterday and as I was watching the eggs, dropped in at the side one at a time, they were all fully captured and mixed in. I usually scrape once at the beginning and it spins into a dough ball at the end anyway. There is a dimple at the bottom of the bowl to help pick up added flour during the mix. Speaking of KitchenAid, have you read the reviews of those "attachments"? Besides being expensive they say all of them suck. It seems you can buy better and cheaper items to do the same thing taking up the same amount of space.So far I've made 4 loaves of baguettes, 4 loaves of wheat, 2 loaves of sourdough, numerous cakes, batches of cookies, and of course a large cheesecake since I've had it with no problems. (Now you can see why I needed a strong stand mixer! My church loves me now too!) The key is to read the instructions more than once to ensure you understand how to operate this model. It has some cool recipes in there too! And yes, it is very easy to clean as well.If you want a mixer to crank out mega-loaves of all wheat bread daily, (commercial), then this is not it. If you want to make great bread, dishes and pastries for your family then this can't be beat at this price range with this much power. After all, as one consumer already stated, this is a "Consumer Reports best buy". I've had a Sunbeam Heritage, (like the one shown on the Cookin In Brooklyn show), and contrary to popular belief there is NOT a motor under the bottom pedestal. It's great for everything else but gluttonous bread dough's. A white loaf every once in a while, maybe. But, I wanted to be more artisan and organic with my breads so I upgraded.Note: the short time I've had it is the only reason I've given it 4 stars. For me, longevity counts as one star.Hobby Baker
Handy gadget. Wonderful little gadget to have around in the house for weighing anything from letters to jewelry! Very accurate. Am quite pleased with it
pretty good. very bright light, and is great for my cross stitching. the only problem i had was that it can get a little heavy and awkward if you are using a hoop, also this is just a small annoyance about 80% of the time when i go to re adjust it the battery back reopens and drops (like i said small annoyance) but the majot problem ins the clamps have a sponge like pad on it which is theer to keep things safe but guess what?  its BLACK and has already STAINED part of my work, and has become somewhat sticky i dont know if all are liek this or mine is just flawed, bt if you get this beware of it, luckily it happened on a dark area of the pattern. (i know keep a piece of scrap fabric in between the clams and the hoop just incase it might touch the aida again
Hoover U5752-900 Bagless WindTunnel Upright Vacuum. Vacuum works great, easy to use and store.  The no bag feature is wonderful
Great for cornbread... I've been using this pan for cornbread for close to a year now, and am very pleased with it.  Nice crisp crust, easily released, and easy to clean.  What else could you ask for
Don't waste your time withe the cheaper wireless speakers. I first purchased a less expensive wireless speaker which will remain nameless (with a little snooping, you can find my review there).  I could never get it to work.  With the Brookstone speaker, I plugged in the transmitter, connected it to my stereo, plugged in the speaker and it worked beautifully.  Great Sound !  Looks good too..
The Pump is a Plug-In, Not Built-In. Great temp bed for the price! Glad we got the Queen size mainly due to the extra inches in length; of course, greater width is a benefit, too. Got it to use for overnight guests in our spare room.  The bed arrived one day and was used the next day. Our guest said she slept well. We found a raised bed to offer better convenience.
Great Looking and Functional. I recently purchased the 3 1/2 quart buffet casserole.  I was worried about the size, but found that this pot beats the capacity of my 9 x 13 rectangular pyrex baking dish by 1/2 quart...and it has an oven proof lid!  So, any casserole that fits into my pyrex, will also fit into my buffet casserole, which is a much prettier serving piece.I also love the heat retention properties of Le Creuset cookware.  This is helpful, as I only have one oven and sometimes need to cook a side dish in the oven after removing the main course.  No worries about the main course getting cold!
One of the BEST values in mid-sized MW ovens!. I conducted a good amount of research before deciding on this Sharp microwave oven.  I wanted my new oven to meet the following important criteria and have the following features:* a carousel and be able to fit a dinner plate* at least 1000 watts of heating power (this has 1100) to heat food fast* classy looking, compact stainless steel design* name brand reputation for reliability* around 100 dollars or so, give or take a littleI've had good luck with the Sharp brand.  My previous microwave oven was also a Sharp unit, I had purchased way back in 1995.  It was a full-size unit though, and I wanted to get something smaller, in stainless steel, since we recently re-did our kitchen in stainless steel.  'Luck would have it' that our old 1995 Sharp unit broke down shortly after we re-did our kitchen in late 2005, so I jumped at the opportunity to get another Sharp.  The new R-305KS works flawlessly, and cooks even faster and more even than my older, larger unit!  I must have reaped the benefits of improved microwave technology over the last 10 years or so that i've owned the older Sharp oven.  All in all, a SUPERB VALUE and a SOLID PERFORMER!
Great Product  and service. I love this blanket- just the right weight and warmth for my house which has wood heat.  It's a generous size and has very nice loft for a lighter weight comforter
Worth the price. I picked this blade up the other day and am thrilled with it.  Though it was moe expensive than the Wustof that I had intended to buy I don't regret it.  Lighter, sharper edge, and...wait for it...a left handed handle!!!!  All you right handers out there wouldn't understand the novelty of actually having a kitchen gadget/utensil that we can use properly with OUR dominant hand.  Pretty hard to find actually.  Definitely cuts down on accidents and messes while cooking.  According to the clerk that i talked to (very knowledgable) Shun only standardly makes the 8" shef knife and the paring knife for us lefties.  The others can be special ordered and the place I went to has no up-charge for that, but if there's a sale the discount isn't as much, probably to cover the upcharge that the store is charge for the order.Don't think I can advertise for them but if you're in Seattle go to the water side of Westlake and turn left down 4th
Good stuff. These are so much easier to handle than the traditional mitts and they work amazingly well against heat. A good product
Excellet Pot. Great Pot - glad to finally have one and at a great price too
Love it!. Living on a ranch, I get a lot of junk tracked into the house.  This handy broom vac lets you do a quick clean up and be done.  It has been a life-saver and works great on my hardwood floors
Mixed feelings... I have high expectations for Zojirushi's products.  I've purchased a similar water dispenser (CD-JSC22) for myself a year ago and I swear I can't live without it because I drink tea all the time.  I wouldn't expect it to malfunction in 10 years, but I'm quite bummed by the fact that it's Made in China.  I was ready to return it if it's not the best looking dispenser in the market right now.The recipient/user of this pot will be mostly using poland spring bottled water in this pot, so he'll be unable to test out the filter.One can expect to get hot water 24/7 from this pot (except for the 20min down time when the water's boiling), nothing fancy.  My family has a larger water dispenser of this sort at home, which is already 10+ years old.  If you keep it in one place and take care to not soak it in water, it's an extremely stable product.  I'll update this review with any technical issues I have
No complaints. I got this because I wanted one that is smaller than the G-18 that I also have. Both are advertised as flexible. I bought them because the thin blade makes cutting easier and because the blade is among the hardest out there without being brittle or hard to sharpen.
Worked great for us!. I ordered 2 of these machines for 10.99 each, got them lightning fast thanks to my prime trial, and a day later ordered the SF Signature Fondue Chocolate. So when it came, the following weekend I took the fountain to a friends house and we proceeded to make chocolate heaven!First with the SF Signature Fondue Chocolate, all you have to do is nuke it in the microwave on low til the chocolate melts so that you can squish it around. Then pour it into the fountain that you've been preheating and within a minute or so chocolate will flow like it was always meant to! You can use regular chocolate from a grocery store, but you have to add oil to help it flow, and for some reason that sounds less appealing to me.Some people are getting bum machines. Not us, thankfully. So we quite enjoyed our chocolate feast, and will have another one soon... We did use the SF Signature Fondue Chocolate milk chocolate which was a little sweet, perhaps next time we'll use semi-sweet or a mixture of the two.Good times, good times
Worked for us. I purchased 3 units and they work well for us.  I have 2 units in children's bedrooms on AC power and the 3rd in the kitchen on batteries for portability.  The sound is clear and set-up and use is very easy.  The best thing about these units is the VOX answer option.  I have this option turned on in the kid's room and they merely have to answer back when I talk to them first without having to push the "talk" button.  This is very handy when you are talking to a 3 yr. old that doesn't quite understand how to use this.  I attached a large, very thin magnet on the back of my kitchen unit and I keep it on my fridge; but can bring it with me to other parts of the house if necessary.  The only small annoying feature is every time the "talk" button is pressed, a beep occurs.  But the other features outweight that small annoyance for me
I Can Walk My Dog Now. I have a very head strong medium size dog who pulled endlessly on the leash, choking, making terrible nosies and hurting my arm. I really don't know how to train dogs either, but I love them. My vet's wife suggested this leader and it makes all the difference in the world. I can't say as my dog loves it (he didn't like the leash either), but he gets to go out and we have fun as a result of using it. He can't pull me, so my arm and shoulder don't hurt and he gets to go out much more often, since it's a pleasure for me instead of a fight and a chore. I don't know why the "animal trainer" said this was a cruelty -- he doesn't seem to suffer at all -- he just doesn't get to yank me around. If you don't take your dog out because he pulls, this is the answer for you. So I give it 5 stars
Size is confusing. The pillow top is very well made, and very nice to sleep on. The only drawback is the size. It was listed as king/cal king. Not knowing what cal king is, I figured it would fit very well on my kingsize bed, I was wrong. It is usable, but doesn't cover the entire bed. It seems that cal king is 4 inches less is width and 2 inches long in length. However, it does provide the comfort it advertize
A nice piece of tool. Well I followed advise from the other reviewers and covered the meat with plastic wraps so that there's no mess at all and result is great.  I'd like it better if they rotate the handle by 90 degrees so that the flat side rest in my hand
A good, sturdy light. This is what we needed.  A good bright light for our kitchen sink area.
Perfect. I ordered these sheets for my daughter's dorm room.  They are soft, have great style and fit the dorm mattress great
Swivel Recliner Lounge Chair. Chair was fairly easy to assemble.  Fabric seems to be fairly thin so if you have cats, this could easily be torn.  We bought 4 chairs (mainly for our kids ages 12-15)for our theater room and they should fit in well.  I'm very happy with the features and if needed should be fairly easy to recover.  Padding is a little skimppy but is still comfortable  enough to sit through a long movie.  Over all pretty happy with my purchase.  I paid a total of ~$180/chair which included shipping
Great coffee / Good pot. I've had this pot for over a year and love it. Fast, hot, great tasting coffee which stays hot and fresh for a long time. I bought it after my last electric perk had died at age 10 years because I loved the looks of it, and there were limited choices at the brick-and-mortars.  I read all the reviews only after I bought it. The reviewers' major complaint is about the plastic knob cracking. Yes, the plastic knob is poorly-designed and is the only reason I give this pot 4 stars instead of 5. The designer should have known that users would take the lid off the pot by using the knob. However, it is completely possible to remove the lid without touching the knob at all. Just pop the lid by pushing in and up near where the lid meets the pot. This is what I've been doing since I bought the pot and I've had absolutely no problems with the knob. It's unlikely you'll need to remove the lid while the coffee is still hot, so you can avoid burned fingertips. A secondary complaint is about grounds in the coffee. I've never had this problem; I suspect users who have are either not careful when spooning the coffee into the basket, or they are using the wrong grind. It's important with any percolator to use a percolator grind, or  "FAC" 'for all coffeemakers' grind.
Great fun. I bought a Wiggly Giggly ball for my Airedale, Dizzy. He had a fabulous time rolling it around and the noise kept him busy for a long time-he kept trying to "get the animal" inside the ball that was making the noise. I would recommend this toy to anyone who has a terrier. It's durable, waterproof and no batteries are needed. It's a very safe toy-no pieces can be chewed off and swallowed. It doesn't bounce, which is the downside of an otherwise marvelous toy which has to be put away at night-The giggles can awaken anyone!You have no idea how loud it can be clonking down a flight of stairs at 2:00am
For all tea lovers. This item is a must-have for someone who enjoys tea.  The chain and hook are perfect for use in either a single cup of tea or making an entire pot.  It is also just the right size for the most of the tea leaves I prefer to use.  I highly reccomend this particular teaball
Beautiful Pies. Emile Henri is worth every penny for someone who really loves to cook.  Pie crust is crispy even in the middle on the bottom without using a lard crust!  These items are easy to clean and look BEAUTIFUL
Great bowl for the price. I purchased two of these bowls years ago and they have held up well. I use them more than any of my tupperware because they can go straight from the fridge to the microwave and in to the dishwasher. I was very pleased to find that Amazon had them so I ordered another. The only reason I didn't rate this 5 stars is because the new lid seems to be a cheaper quality than the older ones I already own. Would definately recommend this bowl to anyone looking for a good leftover/storage bowl
Deni 6000 Ice Crusher Review. It's a very secure for children. My daughter is happy with this produc
Incredible machine, wonderful espresso, and worth the money!. I bought the machine about 2 weeks ago and it took me about 5 min to read the instructions and use the machine. Sorry, but one would have to be an idiot not to understand how to use it. I love its versatility,e.g. espresso coffee or pods, regular water or add bottle (for those whose tap water is bad (comes with an adapter)), froth maker for capuccino or steam water for tea. It sure will draw WOWs from your friends. As long as you remember to run a cup of water through before each time you use it, your espresso should be the perfect temperature. Took me some time to realize why it was lukewarm. The only bad thing (why i gave it 4 and not 5 stars) I have to say about the Granos is that in order to remove the portafilter, i.e the part with the handle holding the coffee, you have to use force. But maybe after a few months it will loosen up a bit and things will be easier. All in all I am completely satisfied with its user-friendliness, crema, temperature, and versatility.
Love it. I first purchased the Dual dry food dispenser in black.  Its plastic through and seemed like it wanted to fall over.  I was always "straightening" the back of it.  So I returned it and got the stainless steel one.  It is very sturdy. I love it!  My kids just stick their hand or bowl under it and turn the knob.  I have even caught my husband putting his hand under it several times a day to get a "snack"!  Needless to say, We love it
Beautiful. They call it a lasagna dish, but so much more has been cooked in ours. I reserve the fifth star for an item that goes stovetop to oven to microwave with no problems, and while this one can't do that it still earns a solid four
Love It. I love this dispenser. It helps keep all of the clutter of cereal boxes off of my refrigerator and out of my cabinets. My 1 year old loves to turn the knob to get the cereal out
Dehydrator TOO HOT. I bought this inexpensive dehydrator soon after adopting a raw food diet.  After experimenting with different recipes, I became aware that my dehydrator seemed to dehydrate things in a fraction of the time suggested by the recipes.This little nesco has no temperature control.  It operates at one temerature -- one that felt pretty hot to me!!  No where in the manual does it tell us what temperature.With my raw food diet, I cannot heat things over 116 degrees.  I spoke with the representatives at Nesco, and they told me that this dehydrator is permanently set to operate at 135 degrees, but can reach up to 160 degrees as the items dry.So with that said, I've never had any problems with this dehydrator (I've had it for about a month).  It's efficient, yes, noisy, but seems sturdy enough.  It is, however, "cooking" your food so to speak, and not for people whose main priority is preserving the enzymes of raw fruits and vegetables -- dehyrating under 116 degrees.
Versatile. This is indeed a large pot, but I have found it extremely useful and use it at least once a week.  I didn't want a large number of pots and pans, so I looked for versatile pieces.  We are just 2 in our household right now, but I bought this size mostly because it will be even more useful for the future - a family, company. I use it to cook many things that I start on the stovetop and finish in the oven.  For example, to brown chicken pieces on the stovetop, add herbs, ingredients, etc, and bake it in the oven.  The heavy tight fitting lid keeps the steam locked in and the food moist. I bake entire chickens in it when I am short on time (skin isn't very crispy, though)- it really cooks a whole 4-lb chicken in about half an hour at 450 degrees with the pot and oven preheated. Works great with chili, soups, beans, tomato-based sauces, even jams. The cast iron heats slow and holds heat in - I don't burn anything in this.  Clean-up is so easy
Fits perfectly, not "crunchy". I bought this mattress liner for my child's bedroom and it is just what we needed. It is nice and smooth, not noisy at all and fits the mattress perfectly. Fortunately, we have not tested its "waterproof-ness", but I anticipate it would work well should that situation arise
So far, so good. I bought this from Amazon.com right after the holidays.  I must say I was leary after reading the negative reviews.  However, it is one of the few that has a push-down button for the toaster like our old Black & Decker had.  When I received the toaster I carefully and thoroughly read through the instructions.  We burned the toast the first couple slices, but after that we have adjusted it to a good setting and have had good results since then.  I have also baked some homemade fries in it and they came out fine.  After looking in stores at numerous models, we had to turn the Black & Decker aside due to a very loud timer on their models.  Too bad, because we liked their other features, but couldn't stand the loud "Neverland" ticking of the timer. We settled on the Oster 6235 because of the smaller footprint, sleek style and, as I said before, the separate toaster button.  Yes, it does get hot on top and it should be given space around it - as any toaster oven should.  If you read the directions thoroughly before operating, remembering to turn the rack over for toast (it raises it slightly higher from bottom burner element) and turn it back over for other cooking you shouldn't have any problems.  Like all toaster ovens, they aren't the best for toast.  If you want a great piece of toast, buy a toaster specific for the job.  However, as an all-around type of 2nd oven, this does a good job.  Just make sure you watch it carefully the first few times of use so you can learn to adjust to its cooking habits. It is not a toy and small children should not be able to reach it during operation.
excellent cooking pot. This pot is wonderful for everything from a roast to a home- cooked soup.  A little heavy to carry but well worth it
Shark   Vapor Steamer. This unit is used for professional detailing and is perfect for cleaning stains out of carpets and fabric upholstery; for cleaning map pockets; inside consoles; glove boxes and other hard to reach areas in the interior of a motor vehicle.It is also perfect for cleaning door, engine and trunck hinges and cleaning spoke wheels which are impossible to reach with other cleaning methods.A perfect tool considering the cost
Keep it handy!. I love the curved handle, it feels great! This company knows what they are doing!!! .........I put up two towel bars (one above the other) and hung on hooks all of their tools and gagets.
A great Espresso/Cappuccino maker. While researching Espresso/Cappuccino makers I found this model. I bought it used at a great price. A feature I really like is the control valve for steam/brewing. It has 3 positions; frothing, off, and brewing. I found it was very nice to be able to instantly turn off the steam rather than just switching it to brewing. I gave this to a friend when I transfered and got a different model without the 3 way valve which I don't like. I will be getting another of these very soon
Great Knife Sharpener. This Knife Sharpener arrived and has performed like new... It was a comprimise on my part to not get the three stage sharpener (this is a two stage). I have owned the three stage sharpener in the past(went with an ex-wife) and this sharpener is a great substitute for the price (which was the reason I purchased it) The Price was GREAT. This is a great and easy to use sharpener for the price
Great little tower. This is my third mission collection item, and it lives up to the other two.  You can't go wrong with this collection.  I use it for picture frames on a small wall that seemed too empty.  It took nothing to assemble and is great looking!  Highly recommended
good block for the money. Slots are a little small for the large knives, but a good basic block
Great gift!. This was a beautiful gift for my daughter who has beaucoup fiestaware. Much appreciated
hanging shoe bag. This was an item I had a hard time finding in a local store.  I was looking for specific dimensions and this was the only place I could find it.  Looked exactly how it does on the website.
works well. Lived in Miami. The water there is hard, contains chlorine, flouride, lead and other harmful materials. We purchased the water cooler from Brita after spending hundreds of dollars for bottled water. Brita's water cooler uses 2 pitcher cartridges and the water tastes better than the leading bottled water. 4 years later and we still use it. Highly recommended by my family
Great little vac Eureka 437AZ. I recieved the vac yesterday, and took it out of the box, attached the parts, and started vacuuming dog hair from my indoor-outdoor carpet on my porch.  What a great little machine Eureka has invented, and it is so easy to unscrew the cap and remove the dog hair from the tube.  The machine is so light-weight, and because of back problems, I don't need a bulky heavy machine to drag around.  This is just perfect for my vacuum cleaning needs.  Thanks for your great product. You have such speedy delivery also, and that is a big plus in my book. Will be telling my friends and family about your great service
Very soft, and of average durability. I have found this blanket exceedingly soft and it has held up well in the washing machine thus far (one month since purchase).  I am a big fan of the satin binding on the edge of the blanket which is about two inches wide
Great whisk. Everything I could want in a whisk.  I much prefer the flat whisk over the balloon whisk and this one did not disappoint
The most Effective Multi-Purpose Cooker. This is one of the best(less expensive) fuzzy logic cookers available in the market.Pros:(i) Possible to make the rice ready at any desired time(you can set timings up to 13hrs using slow cook option)For instance if you want the rice to be hot and ready when you come from Office, this one will accomplish the task for you. You can set the timer for 8hrs and when you come back, hot rice will be awaiting for you. This a great feature.(ii) Possible to cook both White rice, Brown rice. Brown rice doesn't get cooked well with regular rice cookers.(iii) You can steam food at the same time of cooking rice. Remember in case of steaming food during cooking rice at bottom, maximum cooking capacity should be 3 cups.(iv) It makes delicious soups for you.(v) One nice additional lineament is, we can bake yummy cakes in less than an hour.(vi) As said in the manual, time to cook white rice will be 30-40 minutes, which is slower than the regular rice cookers, but it overcomes with the variety of other options.(vii) It has a nice scoop holder.(viii) Rice will never stick to the pan, Panasonic comes with a great quality aluminum pan.(ix) Retractable power cord which befits for both short and long distances.But every product has other side too:(i) The LCD Background is not colored one, barely you can see the timings.(ii) You can change the cooking timing only in the Ascending order(1hr, 1.30hr, 2hr) not the other way around, similarly the menu option you can navigate in only one way.(iii) Requires more maintenance than the ordinary cookers, since it's microprocessor based even a small dust will have an impact on performance.(iv) Only offers 5.5 capacity doesn't suit for a big familyTips:(i) Always clean the Steam cup and Dew collector(water will get collected in it) after every use.(ii) Never use a dish washing detergent to clean.(iii) If a tiny object or rice stick to the sensor, polish it off usingsand paper and wipe with a damp cloth.(iv) Don't place the cooker next to the faucet as many of us do.Zojirushi also has the same type of Fuzzy logic cooker, but its expensive and doesn't have many options like the Panasonic!
VERY NICE. We like the coat rack a lot it is very sturdy and practical with lots of hooks and  the black iron with the leaves around the umbrella stand match our decor perfectly. The only fault with this product is you are on your own when it comes to assembly but it is not too hard once you lay all the parts out on the floor,  The Vinma
I love this knife!. This is the best knife I have ever had. Since I've had it- I haven't needed my food processor nearly as often. It is the perfect size and weight for my need
Beautiful Tree. I received many compliments on this beautiful tree.  Wish it were a music box too.  Folks keep picking it up to turn it on.
Convenient for its size and power. This small, light vacuum is super for anything but rugs (too much work). The suction is very, very strong, the plug retracts automatically and it uses disposable bags which I prefer to cups. I have used it to pick-up crumbs around kitchen corners, dust webs, and cleaning out window tracks or door tracks. I believe Amazon sent me the upgraded model since the MCV3900 is out of date. Color of vacuum is blue. Very similar but stronger than the original Eureka Mighty Mite I have had for decades. Price was excellent on Amazon. Purchased bags immediately via the net-10 bags for $15.00 which arrived in a flash via ABC Vacuum,6720 Burnet Rd.Austin, TX 78757 (1-800-285-8145).Vacuum does NOT come with any additional bags except the one inside
Not Bad. I really like this kitchen gadget as it different, actually useful, and my hands smell less like garlic.  Thus far, I have only used it to chop herbs, onions, and garlic so I can't debunk the mush mess.  I would simply say, don't pull the cord a lot if you're worried about it.I bought about 5 and gave them all out as x-mas gifts
The LAST blender I'll ever buy!. I honestly can't say enough wonderful things about this blender. I make loads of smoothies and this blender tears through my frozen berries w/ease, consistency, and no jamming. For a blender that is crushing frozen items - I'm stunned at how quiet it is. Best of all, it is super easy to clean. The bottom easily unscrews and the blade pops right out. Fast clean-up, relatively quiet and great blending - this blender can't be beat! Another bonus is that it's great for making pancake and cake mixes. My beater feels totally neglected now! LOVE this blender
Great Service. Great service - delivery was fast - product is just what I wanted!!!   Will due business again with this seller!!!
good value. The items are well made and easy to use. The egg cup could use a better closure system, as the egg yolks, even when pierced prior to cooking, tend to explode, and the lid tends to open just enough to shoot egg white goo around the microwave. The bacon cooker is great and we use it for defrosting meats, steaming chicken, and reheating anything that tends to spatter
That just-right present!. Finally, a present that has not been taken by the holiday crunch. This decantor is graceful and elegant, a perfect gift for that person you don't know to give
great and convenient cooking tool for anyone. I have been wanting a good wok for a very long time, however until recently I have been preparing all of my stir fry dishes on top of the stove in a pan. I've hinted around to my husband on numerous occasion's my desire for a wok. This Christmas my husband surprised me with a wok as a gift. I must say that I really did try to hold out until Christmas, but the anticipation got the best me and I am so glad it did. the West Bend 79586-6 quart electric wok is more than I expected. It heats quickly, and the cooking temperatures/ heating control are a breeze. I have so many different appliances in my home, and this is by far my best. I simply love it.           Thank Yo
&quot;A MUST have&quot;. I thought about buying this desk a couple of times. I was sure it was made out of that pressed partical board that most others are made from, but found out that I was wrong. It is made out of real wood and putting it togeather was a snap. The Directions were easy to read, easy to follow and  I had it all together and my computer hooked up in about 35 minutes. Its very stirty and doesnt wobble around. The price is right and the quality is fantastic! This a MUST have for the money
Excellent Espresso. I like my coffee strong and black.  After years with an inferior machine my wife and I sprung for this unit.  It does not have all the bells and whistles that more expensive machines have.  If you just want an honest espresso with a thick crema than this is the machine for you.Pros... It does not take up much counter space. The cam action of the portafilter packs the grounds as you twist it closed, so all you have to do is screed the grounds with the handy hardwood block that comes with the machine. The reservoir is nice because you do not have to add water whenever you use the machine. There is no scalding steam off gassing and you can remove the portafilter immediately after you use it for the next brew.  You can heat your cup with the steam outlet but I prefer to use a microwave to preheat the cup. The machine is engineered typically Italian with very close tolerances so everything fits snug.  If you prepack the portafilter then it will not engage the cam.  This is a very fine machine that is built to last.Cons...  Like all coffee routines it is a messy process.  The "portafilter" dribbles on the way to the sink. I use a clean dishcloth to hold the portafilter and clean the undersurface of the dispenser.  The machine uses a lot of electricity so you should not leave it on or your power bill will go up dramatically.  Luckily the machine heats up in under 2 minutes so you can shut it off and on as you need it to save energy
Simply Beautiful. These beautiful plates now grace the plate rail in kitchen and add so much varity because of their different shapes and patterns
nice for the price. good fabric and nice size.  great for the price, free
best kettle to be had in the us. i've had one of these since 03/03, and the little thing is holding up just fine - i haven't even had trouble with calcium deposits after so long, as i thought i might, what with the hard water 'round these parts.  anyhow, my bodum ibis is heating away merrily...if it does die anytime soon, i'll be very very sad, as i've got the orange model.  but i'll replace it with another just like it, only in black
Humidifier filter. The filter is the make and size recommended by the manufacturer of the humidifier.  It works really well.
Introducing Wine. This classy wine tasting glass set will introduce you to the true flavors and characteristics of your favorite wines. Recently, I went to a tasting where we sampled Pinot Grigio, Chardonnay, Pinot Noir, and Bordeaux from each of the four glasses. I have done a fair amount of wine tasting throughout Washington State, Europe, Australia, and South Africa, and I must admit that I was surprised at the difference in aroma and flavor of each wine when I sampled from each glass; the Chardonnay was too acidic from any other glass, and the Bordeaux lacked body and finish when sipped from the Pinot Noir or Chardonnay glass.Riedel is serious and passionate about getting each wine's true flavor and aroma to your mouth and nose. And, with this tasting set, Riedel will do just that. I realize it could be an expensive and timely undertaking, but it's a wonder why more wineries don't serve their prized concoctions out of Riedel glasses when doing tastings. I'd definitely buy a case or two more if I knew the potential taste
Carbon filters. The carbon filters are great. We have just recently had a friend move in with us and brought her cat and we still can't tell that they have been usung the litterbox. the filters eliminate all odors
better than the others. I bought four cheese slicers and returned three.  This is definitely the best
Excellent. I received this for Christmas. I have used it several times a week since December. We LOVE roasted garlic. It's so nice not to heat up an entire oven just to roast garlic. This machine does a beautiful job and it is done in 27 minutes! We roast garlic and use it on small pieces of toast (appetizer for our wine parties), I ALWAYS put two heads of roasted garlic in my mashed potatoes. I have really put mine to the test and so far, I can't complain.I just ordered one for my MIL because she loved mine.The ONLY negative I can think of is if you needed to roast more than two small heads of garlic, then it wouldn't fit in this unit and you'd have to use the oven then. I LOVE this machine
Very sturdy!. I love Fiestaware!  It is very sturdy, durable and the colors are awesome.  I will definately continue to buy this product
Gotta Get That Red Butterfly!!!!. My cat loves this. She very quickly learned that I was the one controlling the image and every time she wants to play she'll go and nudge the device and look at my hand.She doesn't seem to respond very well to the smiley face or star option --- I think they're harder for her to see. The other three shapes more than compensate for that failing.I only wish the batteries would last longer. It's cheaper just to buy a new laser toy than replace the batteries.
Coffee Pods. For those of you having trouble finding the pods, Target carries them (although sometimes they only have certain flavors out, it's a hit or miss kind of thing), and now Wegmans carries them as well.  I haven't checked any other grocery stores, but they should be available by now.This coffee is amazing. I'm really suprised there are people who don't like it. I'm used to higher-end coffee and I think it's just as good as a coffee shops. If you're thinking about buying the coffee maker, I recommend going to Target and purchasing it. Amazon says it's on sale for $49.99, but thats actually the list price for it. After shipping, thats really not worth it.
HUGE. I was shocked by how big this was. I was planing to use it as a sauce pan for boiling water for rice and noodles, but thats out of the question for less than 4 people. I use it like a wok and it works beautifully for that. Heats up really well
Excellent dishware. You just can't go wrong with Fiestaware.  It's sturdy, durable, attractive, cleans up easily (from table to dishwasher to cabinet).  And if my rough-on-dishes family can't break it, no one can!  I purchased these mugs, because I felt that the tea cups from the 5-piece place setting just weren't large enough
I guess it's okay. This is my first waffle maker, so I can't really give a good review, but I guess I'm pretty happy with it. It beeps (you kind of have to get used to the siren-like beeps :)) when the pan is warmed up and it beeps again when the waffle is done. It makes good waffles, but my only complaint is that it's hard to spread the batter on the whole entire pan, since the batter rises as you cook it. In my first try I had batter overflowing out of the pan (a pain to clean), and other times I didn't put in enough batter; it takes some practice. I guess if you buy the rotating ones the batter will spread more evenly, but those were too expensive for my budget. Overall I think it's a good deal for the money
5 Star Knife for a 5 Star Chef. &quot;A chef is only as good as his knifes.&quot;  I have used this particular knife over 5 years in the kitchen.  I am glad to say this brand has never let me down.  As a chef I would recommend this knife for any cook
Cat Meds. I've used this product before.  It's easy to sprinkle on catfood -- difficult to tell how effective it is but the cat gets around
Powerful fan. This fan is excellent. It is very powerful even on the lowest setting. The remote and timer are great features. I did extensive research before purchasing a fan and wanted to get this particular one because of the price, trusted brand, and pretty good reviews. One drawback is not really a drawback, more of a luxury but I wish it had remote-controlled oscillation like my previous fan. It is a little bit noisy but that doesn't really bother me. I would recommend this fan to anyone
Terrific Kitchen Tool!. I bought this item with an ice cream maker.  My freezer isn't cold enough for the maker, so I sent it back.  The spade on the other hand is incredible.  It will work better than any other ice cream scoop you may have.  It it quality and I do not ever expect it to break.  The metal takes the heat away from the ice cream that is in contact with... causing it to melt.  This makes it scoop very easily, while keeping all ice cream not in immediate contact with the scoop firm.  A terrific tool!
WMF Pressure Cooker. I have owned one of these for 15 years. It works perfectly. You must not overfill the cooker. This would contribute to it not working properly.I use it for soups, pasta sauce, & stews. If you use it for bean soup you must be very careful. It is necessary to soak the beans overnight and not fill the cooker more than half full
Great value cookware. While this cookware is not "top of the line," it is a wonderful combination of quality and price. I expect it to be functional for a number of years, as long as the teflon inner surface is treated with "respect" (i.e. not scratched by using abrasive cooking utensils or cleaning compounds/scouring pads). I can only hope to keep using this cookware as long as my Mom has used her Revereware (all stainless, no teflon) ... almost 30 years
Fast Fat Free Cooking. Great product, I may never grill outside again!!! Grill a 2 inch thick steak in 5 minutes. You will not be sorry you purchased this product
McDonald's Ain't Got Nuthin on This. This is THE BEST invention EVER. I love egg sandwiches. They are a great breakfast, lunch or dinner. The unit is slightly larger than a normal toaster but it's worth it because you can make sandwiches, hard- or soft-boiled eggs, heat lunchmeat or breakfast meats, etc. Everyhing cooks in perfect sync -- when it's done each element is cooked perfectly and hot. The only complaint I had was the egg pan black non-stick coating peeled off with my egg the first time I used it. So, that was a little disappointing but the benefits far outweigh that one issue. But after that, I just spray PAM or a little bit of butter or oil, and clean-up is fine. I highly recommend this item
excellent all around. Fast service from the shipper, unit exactly as pictured.Very happy with this purchase
I LOVE this pan!. Not only is it beautiful in design but it is the most perfect size for making a thousand things. I've done soups, risottos, sauces and even chocolate melts for toppings by setting the angled pan bottom into one of my larger pots and using it like a double boiler.If I could only keep one pan in my kitchen, this would be it! And if I ever win the lottery, I will buy  a complete set of Calphalon Copper cookware for everyone I love.
good performer. I have only had it for a couple of weeks.So far no complaints.Solid performance.Sturdy.S
Could use minor improvement. The handle of this tenderizer is a little flat, I guess in order to fit on a wall gadget rack. This makes it slightly awkward to use. It is a minor inconvenience and otherwise this is a very nice gadget. In Europe tenderizing is used almost with every meat recipe, but here in America it is almost forgotten, however, unless it's a roast, tenderizing is essential in preparation of veal and pork and some beef cuts
MBell. Amazon did a great job.  The product arrived on time and was packed well.  I used the VillaWare and it worked perfectly.  I loved my wonderfully cooked waffles!
Accusharp- a kitchen necessity!. I am a Chef, and have always scoffed at these types of sharpeners, but this one really works. Follow the instructions, use a soft touch, and keep the knives and sharpener clean, and you will be very happy the the results
Immediate Odor Control better than Long Lasting Odor Control. I have 1 cat and I have found that the immediate odor control is better for eliminating odors than the long lasting odor control (which says it is designed for multiple cats)This is a great litter for the price and I have tried a lot of them.  Great clumping, great odor control, and most stores carry it in my area
Pleased with product. The product is quiet and radiates heat throughout the room rather quickly. There is no odor.  Product took much longer to ship than we were originally told.
works well. no problems with it yet (i have only had it for two months)... picks up all the dirt pretty well.  is a safe bet
Very spiffy toaster. This toaster is very good looking and feels pretty substantial for the price.  It doesn't have that super-duper professional look and feel you get with a $100+ toaster, but it's much better aesthetically than others in its price range.  Larger slices of bread don't quite fit, but they toast pretty well even without flipping them around.
Carousel Spice rack. My wife made me take back the "white" spicerack and get this stainless steel one.It does look prettier.The only problem is the 1/4 teaspoon click is more than that. So 1 teaspoon is only 3 clicks. Otherwise it is really handy
Gone back to the Melitta. Okay, let's face it. At least for me, there is no one coffee pod machine that has the best of everything. I tried the Senseo and hated that I couldn't use more than a couple of my favorite mugs because there is so little space from the base to the spout. I hear the newest ones aren't much better for using taller mugs.I tried a Home Cafe pod machine but it is mostly plastic and seemed not sturdy and made terrible coffee. I then bought the SimpleHuman one. It's a very nice looking machine and the water container at the side was very easy to access. After a few weeks, I returned it because it really dripped after making a cup of coffee and the water seemed to run out of the top sometimes. It wasn't worth the extra money.I've gone back to the Melitta. I have their newest model and the pod container is bigger and I have not found a coffee pod yet that doesn't fit in it. It's super for making tea. I use the ice tea spout and I can get almost all of my coffee mugs under it. It sure would be nice to have a larger water tank that you didn't have to remove to fill it but like I said at the start, there is no machine that has everything we want. I'll settle for the Melitta!
Great all around value!. This vacuum cleaner has strong suction and practically pulls me across the floor.  It is powerful, but not to heavy.  I really like the rubber bumber around the base because it protects the walls and furniture that I am always running into
Best Coffee Perc!. This has been the best perc ever used!  and, yes of course a few grounds do get into the coffee but that's to be expected with a perc coffee maker. No filter is necessary but could be used if you wanted to. This machine is very fast and makes a wonderful cup of joe.  I also use it to make Ice Tea perfectly brewed
Nice quilt. I have this quilt as the top layer on my bed, and it works well to trap heat and add a little weight.  It's not very snuggly as a blanket on its own
Excellent alternative to..... These glasses are a terrific buy.  You can two sets of six for basically the same price as "the other guys" single set, and believe me, you won't regret it.  These are very nice, well balanced glasses.  If you are looking for a great value in wine glassware, this is it.  Enjoy
Rival Beverage Fountain is so AWESOME! It's so ELEGANT & what a conversation centerpiece. I can't rave enough about this beautiful Rival Fountain! I got it for my son's wedding shower, then the wedding, & then used it 2 months after for my 11 yr old's birthday party too!We used it at the wedding reception for sweet tea of all things! It kept it elegant & easy to serve. Even with the brown tea color it was still beautifully illuminated & very elegant. It was elegant enough to use at the wedding reception ~ we just encircled the base with floral garland!Made serving the guests MUCH easier!I also used it 2 months later for my daughter's 11th birthday hawaiian themed party! Look below for the non alcohol Koolaid / pineapple juice fruit punch recipe! It kept the kid's coming back for more drinks!  They felt like little grownups & it made my birthday girl feel so special having the beverage fountain on display for her birthday. A HUGE hit with the kids! I can see myself using this for years!I got a HUGE discount shopping for it on Amazon.com - I got it for a third of the original store price! yeah me!Kid's party / or non alcohol Koolaid punch recipe:a day or two before the party you can mix 3 seperate gallons of koolaid up.( Use your old milk jugs if you have to)the Koolaid recipe calls for 1 packet unmixed koolaid powder along with 1 cup sugar. BUT ~(* for less sugar substitute 1 cup splenda instead of the 1 c sugar per packet it normally calls for* )! Set aside at least 3 premixed Koolaids in gallon containers put in fridge to chill.When ready to serve, the day of the party pour 2 of the pre-chilled koolaid gallons into fountain, then turn fountain on. As it goes up the tube, start to add 1 full can Pineapple juice (it's about 42 oz or something like that) & then add 1 litre of gingeraile (that's half of a 2 litre bottle). The kids liked to substitute half or the recipe's amount of pineapple juice as we mixed more of it, because they said the juice was so tangy & sweet they like the koolaid taste better. But  you can adjust the koolaid to juice ratio as needed, & add only 1 litre of gingeraile to the 2 gallons of koolaid, because adding any more soda in one & it will bubble up too much & could kill the motor. Keep adding gallon of koolaid, juice & soda as needed.  Toss leftovers or chill & use day after.Kids can be a bit messy so might want to put an absorbant layer of tablecloth under the fountain.
Good one. Pros:Towels are good in quality. Absorb water very well. Decent in length. Soft.Cons:Have lint coming off when trying to wipe wet skin.Still need to put it through a wash to see if it leeches colour
Wonderful Sheets!. Silky soft and beautiful! I love these nice quality and roomy sheets! The extra pillowcases are fantastic too!
Form and Funtion. Works great! It heats up fast and cleanup is a breeze. Haven't tried washing it in a dishwasher
Very Elegant & Contemporary!. We are using this piece in our wedding as part of the unity candle ceremony. We are using our own candles from another vendor. Part of our wedding theme is silver intertwined hearts, which is why we picked this piece. We like that it is contemporary and very different from the usual unity candle holder
Blitz 11735 Stack-N-Sor Food Storage. What a great product for dog food.  I wish they made one smaller for cat food.  Definitely would buy one.  And, you can't beat the price.  Petsmart shipped really fast
oxo swivel peeler. great tool -- sturdy and swift
For this price?!. Let's not kid ourselves, it's not for the king's table. Not for this price;) But it is more than worth the money for casual and semi-casual entertainment. Follow the care instructions and you are set with a decent looking table for quite a time. If gold accents are not for your room, there is also a platinum set for the same price. Buy two sets for family meetings, add a green/red table accent for X-mas, anything you need... Hello young people out there just starting life on your own. Show some class with still money left over to fill those plates.
KitchenAid 12 Inch Skillet. Skillet arrived in great condition and was delivered on time, as promise
Wonderful kitchen tool. This spatula is great for all kinds of cooking.  You can get it hot without worrying about it melting.  Easy to handle, and easy to clean.  I will get more of these as I love to cook and bake
Beautiful Martini set not packed well. This is a beautiful piece and really looks nice on the bar however when it arrived I could hear clanking in the package.  Upon opening I was very sad to discover that one of the glasses had shattered in shipping.  Lucky for me I had another glass that fit into the set almost perfectly.  Otherwise it was a high quality piece
egg cooker. cooks soft boiled eggs perfectly every time. i use it daily and have put one at son's home for when i visit
Absolutely love it!. I got my raclette as a Christmas present and it is one of the best gifts I've ever received!  I love to have people over and this provides a unique and easy way to serve dinner or snacks to everyone's tastes.  Everyone really has fun with it.This particular raclette works very well. I have no complaints.  The only word of warning I'd give to would be buyers is that it's not for kids.  That may seem obvious to some, but we always have kids that want to participate in the fun...it's inevitable around my house with five of my own...and it creates a lot more work to keep them from being burned.Otherwise it's an awesome product that we enjoy more than our fondue and chocolate fountain
Excellent every-day glasses. These glasses are great for every-day use. Unlike most Reidel it can fit in the dishwasher, and they aren't as likely to get tipped over since they're so short. (They are thin and fairly fragile.) If you're breaking  out a $50 bottle of red wine, though, definitely spring for something with  a larger bowl
Excellent sponge holder. I got the OXO Good Grips 1057905 Suction Sponge Holder to hold my kitchen sink sponge. The OXO Good Grips 1057905 Suction Sponge Holder does an excellent job holding my kitchen sink sponge. It has wonderful suction which keeps it securely attached to the side of my kitchen sink. This allows it to hold my kitchen sink sponge in exactly the position where I like it to be. Not too high, not too low. Just right. I can now easily reach my kitchen sink sponge. My kitchen sink sponges also last longer since I have been using the OXO Good Grips 1057905 Suction Sponge Holder, since the OXO Good Grips 1057905 Suction Sponge Holder allows the sponges to dry. The OXO Good Grips 1057905 Suction Sponge Holder also keeps them out of the bottom of the sink so they don't collect any food remnants from dishes.
Nice table. I bought this directly from a Target store after seeing it in a circular.  It took about 15 minutes to put together, very easy.  Solid construction, smooth, slightly sheen black finish.  Was  slightly smaller than I thought after placed in my living room, but overall happy with it
Great tongs for nonstick. If you're like me, you find it really hard to find GOOD utensils that you can use with your nonstick cookware. Spoons are the only thing that are good in wood, and the plastic stuff seems to crap out on me, eventually.Tongs are worth their weight in gold; a spatula or spoon have their uses, but they're not cut out for universal cooking service. Tongs are good for just about anything that's not sloppy or squishy. It's like having a heatproof extension of your hand available.All you ever see is the standard metals tongs, though, and those won't do unless you're BBQing or if you cook on stainless or anodized (and you can't poke a lot in either). I didn't want plastic-tipped tongs, so these fit the bill perfectly.They are a good length. They don't open too wide to be a nuisance when placed on a counter- or stove-top. They're sturdy. They're great
I Love These Knives!. They are without a doubt the best knives I have ever owned.
Love Purr Pad!!! :). My two cats love purr padds.  It helps keep the cat hair off my funiture and it keeps them clean too. They like it because it warms up when they lay on it, almost better then a lap to lay on (according to my two cats). These are great to for the long car trips and to the vet aswell. I have two in my house and two for the cars, it also works on dogs both small and large too
Great product. Fantastic quality: good fit; looks like the type of satin seen in old Hollywood movies; color has a classy subdued tone that made it easy to combine with  existing decor; plus it's so soft and comfortable it's a hoot
Great looking, fast set up. We just got this sofa from Target for our sunroom.  It has a great modern look, and a solid feel.  We assembled this very easily in less than half an hour.  Cushions are firm.  You'll look hard to find a sofa this nice for such a great price
Fantastic!. We ordered about 20 for all of our convenience centers in our firm.  We have only received compliments on our choice because of the look and the feel.  They weren't not kidding when they call it "Perfect Tear"! You only need one hand to tear a piece
excellent scale for the kitchen or small packages. I've used this scale both as a kitchen scale and as a small postage scale. It's dead-on accurate, and it's pretty to boot!It did come to me without being set to zero, but that's very easy to correct. If you're in the market for a small scale, I definitely recommend this one
Amazing. This pillows are so incredably soft. I wished they had a zipper so they would not fall off(that would make them perfect). But they are still worth ever cent and more
Copper just looks wonderful. We have a huge collection of Calphalon hard anodized, but when cooking tomato based dishes, they can discolor.  Adding the copper with stainless interior makes it easier to clean up tomato sauce mess!  I like the rounded bottom so my spoon can touch all the places with no &quot;corner hiding&quot;.  As always, the handle is what makes this Calphalon pan as well as the other commercial items stand out!  I absolutely love the handle and it stays cool in all of my cooking... BUT remember if you use it in the oven it still gets HOT!!!  The size is just right for small to medium families and we love it
Saving money and feeling warm. We use this heater in our kitchen.  However, we are quickly finding out that it can heat much more.  I have another one on order to put in the adjacent living room.  Our house has gas forced hot air heat.  At the price of natural gas these days, it made sense for us to invest in a couple of electric heaters instead.  The great part about this unit is that it doesn't blow air around or make any noise.  Its best placed near a window or door so the air naturally circulates around.  The built-in 24 hour timer is very useful so we can wake up with our kitchen warm and not waste energy over night
No cat can resist these. I don't know it is about these, but cats absolutely love them.  I have shared them with friends and family members that have cats, and even the oldest, laziest cat freaks out for these.  And since they are so easily lost under appliances, its worth buying the box of 60
Polly, Put The Kettle On!. . . . And we'll all have tea! That is exactly what this was meant to do.My wife likes to enjoy a nice cup of tea or hot chocolate when we are busy working outside in my garage workshop or doing what seems to be never ending yardwork.This is the perfect outdoor electric kettle to have on hand. We don't have to worry that it might break like a glass carafe would and we don't have to worry about turning it off. I just fill it up, put in on the tool bench, plug it in and wait for it to do its thing!All we have to do is sit down on the patio, admire Mother Nature and enjoy a good hot cup of tea!
Convenience product. Certainly not the cheapest way to filter water for coffee, but makes a real difference in the taste without any trouble at all.  We have a high-grade under-sink water filter and these Krups filters still make a difference in the taste of the coffee.  For us, each filter lasts a couple of months, so it's $30 a year for better coffee.  Compared with the prices at Starbucks..
Cars wort;h the wait. I tried to purchase this comforter locally but all the local stores either were out or didn't even carry them.  My four year old son absolutely had to have this for Christmas, so as a good mother I searched Amazon.com, I am sure glad I did.  |The comforter is just as described online and coloful not faded as sometimes happens in transit.  The designs on both sides are wonderful and I would order it again if needed to later on
columbia heavy weight towels. Awesome.super absorbant.just what i wanted. i would definately purchace this product again
Very California a Nice. We actually own these in the mint, and yellow and LOVE them. You hold them like you would a glass with a finger thru the handle to brace or stable while you drink. They are so Zen and look great. Very California
Good Chair. I recently bought this chair for my grandmother and it is perfect for her.  It took me about 45 minutes to put together and is very comfortable.  I would just caution you not to lean all the way foward or the chair will tip over. But otherwise a very good product.
Bold, large and beautiful!. These bowls were everything I hoped they would be...they are a beautiful, bold red colorThe bowls are about 4 1/2 inches across the top and almost 3 1/2 inches deep - so they hold a large serving of soup or chili.I love the shape of the bowls - not too wide, but deep - something you can hold in one hand (easy to drink out of also!
Good product at a good price!. We wanted to make sure that our dog had access to the canine formulation but the price at the vet's was prohibitive. Our pooch wolfs the tablet down with her food so they must be at least somewhat tasty.
FABULOUS VINTAGE PATTERN. We inherited a collection of vintage Franciscan Apple that have decorated our china hutch for almost 20 years.  Recently I searched for an everyday dinnerware for my family of 5.  After weeks of searching, I chose the "still available after 65 years" Apple pattern.  In addition to the microwave, dishwasher safe, freezer safe attributes, I love the fact that these dishes are NORMAL size.  My service for 12 actually fits in the cabinet and in the dishwasher.  The dishes are smaller and lighter weight than most patterns available today.  Hurray!  Who needs a coffee cup that is so large you can't drink it before it gets cold or a cereal bowl that looks like a mixing bowl.  The lighter weight is easier for children to handle so we have few accidents.  And, I love the variety of open stock accessories still available.  After 20 years, we still love MeMa's old Apple Dishes...
beautiful glasses. These glasses were used for a summer party.  I ordered them just days before the party.  They arrived quickly with no problem and added to the glamour of the afternoon
Works great!. I orginally thought we were getting a larger sized sharpener, but were very happy after using this smaller version.    Would definately recommend this one over the $70 version!   It works great for any standard household needs
A luxury, but don't pass it up!. I've been a disciple of single malt Scotches for over 15 years, well before it was trendy.  I have owned these glasses for about 4 years. They are magnificent.  No doubt, you will be TOTALLY aware of the varying  qualities of a whiskey after you've sipped from this glass.  BUT, beware in  taking care of them. They chip really easily
Easy Set up. You just undue two twist-ties and the thing pops right up. I got one for my nephew when he turned four - he immediately went looking for laundry he could put in it. Other relatives were asking where I bought it so they could buy one for other cousins. Emily delivers tons of laundry collecting fun
Mine's A Little Different From The One Shown. I like the one I recieved better than the one shown because the prongs are much longer. It fits into my Henckel's International Classic Knife Block. It's a tad bit flimsey compared to the other International Classic Knives. It's very nice though
The Best Waffle Maker!. After watching Elton Brown on Food Network one evening, I realized that a round traditional waffle maker is the best choice.  After researching the best, I came up with Villaware and Cuisinart.  Cuisinart has been wonderful, as I already own 2 food processors and a toaster.  How could I go wrong?  This Waffle iron far surpasses my previous one and is beautiful to look at.Thank you Amazon!Alan CaseyWinter Haven, F
Crockpot BBQ. This is a wonderful invention. I use it all the time. The meat comes out just perfect. I used it for BBQ chicken, ribs, and other meats. Really good
Le Creuset Best Quality Behind The Name!. If you are familiar with the Le Creuset brand you will already know the quality. This is fantastic quality cookware. The beauty of buying it from Amazon is the price. I purchased this set when it was on sale for $179.99. At that time they also had a promotion for 2-free Ramakins and a free 7-piece set of Spatula's and Canister (items totalling around $95!!). So that just made the deal extra special. All i can say is if they have a similar promotion running in future you should jump on it as you wont find such quality items at the same great price anywhere else!!
Good Product -- arrived quickly. This was my first online purchase for bedding and I was concerned about the quality of the item. Even though it was relatively inexpensive, the comfoter proved to be good quality for the price. My grandson is thrilled with his new beddin
Works great:  mini hotplate. This sucker has plenty of power -- keeps coffee piping hot.  The downside is that when you leave a near-empty cup on it and it bakes -- no, vulcanizes -- into an impenitrable crust.  Totally recommended: I can't do without it now
CLEAN-UP IS A BREEZE WITH THEEZE!. If you are using your dehydrator frequently or even spuratically, you will need these liners for your trays.  They are great because your food comes right off with ease and the clean up is SO easy!  We just soak them in soapy water and wipe them off.  You HAVE to get these--spend the few extra dollars, you will NOT regret it
collects all pieces. Eesy to use, clean by vacuum cleaner. Less trush in the bathroom. I have no regrets about this purchase
the gift. I was introduced to this fan by a close friend.  She spoke very highly of it had never had a problem with it and that was good enough for me.  I gave it as a gift and haven't had a chance to speak to the person that received it.  I would definitely purchase another at another time.
Claude Monet Bookplates. Beautiful bookplates. Easy to work with and adhere very well to book pages. Seller accurately described product and filled order in a timely manner. Very nice product
The Best....but. ....they are now out of stock!  PLEASE RESTOCK THESE SHEETS!!! They are the best flannel sheets for the money.  They are so soft wash after wash. Where are they?
Oh so Trendy and Unique. This Decanter from Riedel is one I bought for a close friend of mine for Christmas.  Not only did he love it, but he stated, "Wow! People are going to think I am really classy!"  This decanter is just that. . . classy. It has substance to it and you feel its weight in your hand.  It does not feel heavy, but at the same time you dont feel as though you might break it.The "O" collection from Riedel is very trendy and this decanter compliments the stemless glasses PERFECTLY.  A great gift for that special someone or just for yourself!
Great Ice Cream Maker. I've used my Ice Cream Maker twice now and it has worked great.  I used my own recipe and the ice cream was a prefect texture when the motor shut off.  My bucket did not leak.  My only complaint is that there is not much room between the container and the bucket, therefore you must use small pieces of ice.  The ice cubes that I made in trays were to big to use.  I was also surprised to see in the instructions that it was for indoor use only????  Overall, I am very satisfied with my new ice cream maker
Good Purchase. Heats up big room quickly. Moved into a new place that didn't have central heating, got rather cold at night and in the morning so I searched for an electric heater. Never bought one before, but I came across this one and purchased it. Very happy with the purchase, it is dead silent, heats a rather large bedroom well and keeps it warm through the night so I am not freezing in the morning.  Has great options, you can leave it on and just constantly running or set it at a certain temperature and it will turn it self off when it reaches that temp. I would recommend this to someone who is looking for a reliable, silent heater for a decent sized room
outstanding deal. This metal coat rack is well worth the money.  It is very attractive as well as practical.  It is very good quality and would be a beautiful yet affordable addition to any home.  I have tried wood racks before and they do not last or hold up.  If you purchase this coat rack, you will be glad you did
Professional Quality. This set has large, sturdy utensils in a beautiful no-slip ceramic crock with room for other tools. Looks great on the counter
Great knives and great service. This set of knives was replacing an older set.  They are so comportable to use and the grip helps to keep my hands from slipping.  I am only sorry that I waited so long
Lead free crystal wine glasses. I was attracted to these glasses because they are lead free crystal...a nice feature. The glasses are huge, however. I'm keeping them but they're hard to fit on a shelf. Wondering why they have to be this big in the reds. The white wine glasses are more reasonably sized
I can finally cook delicious rice!. I've never been able to cook rice, but I recently decided to try to recreate a persian rice dish called "chelow" that I love and bought this rice cooker for $19.99 at WalMart.  It couldn't be simpler to use - just dump in the rice & water and push down the "cook" button.  It made perfect rice the very first time and I'm really impressed with how delicious it was!  Even my husband liked it!  I read a few reviews for other rice cookers here and a lot of people complained that they boiled over, but this one didn't -- it cooked great.  The pot is non-stick and removable for easy cleaning.  And did I mention the rice was perfect?  I really like all the Black & Decker kitchen appliances -- they are very reasonably priced and reliable
Perfect tools for the job. These tools really making canning easier. The jar lift is great!! If you want to can at home these tools are a most.
Attractive and functional. I purchased this specifically because I was looking for a small spoon rest and a reviewer commented that this could only hold a tablespoon.  I was slightly dissapointed to find that this is a standard sized spoon holder that easily holds mixing spoons, wisks, etc.  The only reason someone would have difficulty using this as intended is if they weren't watching what they were doing.  A large spatula is about the only utensil that may not rest snuggly in the the holder...though it could easily be rest on top as you would have to do with most spoon holders.  Anyone looking for a holder that accomidates any size or shape utensil should do a search using the key word 'spoon rest' - along with traditional spoon shaped holders, this also returns holders/rests that tend to be wide and flat so utensils can be placed anywhere on it without much thought.This product is also quite attractive and looks much nicer than the run-of-the-mill white ceramic, stainless steel, or country themed holders found in most department stores.
a up date on my purchase. ok i was not a happy camper an today july 27 i was called by carlos,seller, personally to return the kettle i had bought on july6 an also my money an say to me please do not feel scared to buy on line YOU WILL  get what you want or your money will be refunded. i was very relieved to hear from him an do feel much better. i am not ready to buy on line as yet but when i am i will come to this site for my purchase. i no longer feel "ripped off". this was my first on line purchase sssoo i was very scared about it. thank you carlos for your call that was everything to me !!!! dian
Nice Little Bookshelf. This bookshelf works perfectly to hold all my cookbooks.  It is stylish and small enough to fit in a corner in my dining room.  I've assembled a lot of knockdown furniture, and this piece was easy to put together and sturdy.  I also bought the Mission style end table, which is also a good piece.  I just wish they had an entertainment center
my kitty "Boo-boo" just loves it!. My three year old med-length hair tortiseshell cat adores this brush. She gets persistent dandruff and furballs but won't let me touch her with any other brush. I have tried about every kind of brush but she hates being groomed! So imagine my surprise when I pull this brush out of the package and she actually lays down for me to groom her after a few strokes!The only downsides to this product are:1. the small size - it doesn't hold much fur so either all the fur ends up on the floor or you are emptying it every few strokes2. the "front" versus "back" positions - cats do not generally stay in one place, I have three and they roll and walk around while I groom them. It was a bit unconvenient to constantly switch the brush from my left to right hand to get the proper angle to de-shed my kitties. I don't know how this could be improved but it is a downside to the product.Overall it's defineitely worth the 10 bucks I spent, my Boo-boo never lets me groom her with anything else
Absolutely amazing!. This item is very well made; very heavy and doesn't topple over like so many other similar products. One thing not mentioned is that there are small rubber pieces that help hold the bowl in place without being scratched.  There are only 2 screws to deal with, so you won't take forever putting it together.  So easy and adorable!  It is expensive, but so worth it.  I even bought one for my hard-to-shop-for Grandparents
yay!!!. came right away. new. will buy from this seller again. thank you!!! :) ~r.k
Simply the Best. You cannot beat All-Clad in the quality department. After using this pan for a week my family even noticed how my cooking was tastier. This pan does a fantastic job caramelizing meat and veggies. It heats very quickly and evenly. But it also cools very rapidly because the copper is a fantastic conductor of heat and cold. I like the copper core better because of the ease of maintenance. Just a little Barkeeper's Friend and it shines like new. The handle stays cool enough in most applications for me to use it bare handed. The sides are sloped just right to impress your friends with a little food flipping action. I've used it on both electric and gas stoves and was happy with the even heating of both. If you can swing the price you won't regret it
Clean Water Finally!. I have been purchasing water at my supermarket and was spending more than $30 a month! After we purchased this water filter, I can tell there's little difference between the water I buy at the store and the water from this filter.  I also feel confident if my daughters drink it because I know they're not getting all of the bacteria and other hurtful chemicals and minerals present in tab water!I recommend this filter.
This Definitely Does NOT Suck!. I ordered 2 of these boxes, and I really don't know what to think about someone who can't get them together easily. It took me less than 30 seconds to put them both together! my movies fit inside really well. I was very impressed with them. The only thing I am not crazy about it that you have to be careful putting the lids on because of the way the boxes are folded, but what do you expect? They are GREAT for only five dollars! I just put in an order for 2 more of them
Electric Kettle. Great kettle.  Everyone should have one.  Both my kids have them in their dorm rooms and are besieged by others wanting to use them to make noodles oatmeal and tea.  Very quick to boil, and auto shutoff means not having to babysit it when you are busy doing toher things
Fluffy Soft before and after washing. I was extremely pleased with this product even though I thought I was getting a purple duvet instead of the Lilac one I received. The picture description and advertisement that I was looking at had a deeper, richer looking purple, but since I'm not a stickler for color...I didn't let it bother me too much. After washing, I found this product to be the perfect fit for my comforter. It seems to make my comforter more fluffy, warm, and so comfortable. The Duvet on my comforter makes it so hard to get out of bed in the mornings...thank goodness for alarm clocks! I also bought the navy Duvet, (which is actually navy) this way while one is in the laundry the other can keep the comforter clean. I am very happy with my Duvet purchases.
WOW... JUMP ON THIS DEAL!. This cookware is so wonderful that I can't find the words to describe it! Not only is is absolutely gorgeous in classic white but it does everything the manufactor says... (kinda rare these days)! Im so happy I took the chance and purchased two sets at $25 each.. its already made Thanksgiving cooking so much easier and elegant! Thank you Amazon for a winner
This darned thing actually works!. Like most of us, I have fallen victim to the phenomenon of impulse buying - on line, in a store, or over the phone after seeing a compelling TV infomercial. More often than not, these purchases wind up either being returned (if they seem worth the time and trouble) , are simply thrown away or sit collecting dust in the garage or deep recesses of my closet. The reason for these sad dispositions is usually the same: they simply do NOT do what they claim. I am particularly pleased to report that this particular device - one that even sounded too good to be true when I first saw it on TV, actually works! That is to say, it does what it says it does: Opens cans easily, without causing strain on the wrist, leaves no sharp edges on the can as it makes the cut below the top lid itself and is powered by small (AA) batteries and is, thus, completely portable.I love this kind of surprise!My dubious expectations were reinforced when I first held it in my hand. It is small (about 6"long and 2" wide at it's widest point). I have had electric can openers five times it's size and power that did not work reliably! Further, I found it difficult to believe that 2 AA batteries could provide sufficient power to generate the torque this thing would need to do it's job. I also thought that it looked pretty vulnerable and feared dropping it for the first time.I was delighted to be found wrong on all counts.I have dropped it three times. Not only does it still function well, but the case never even came apart (as with many dropped small appliances); the torque created is absolutely adequate to open ANY can - and the device requires, literally, no human effort beyond that of placing it correctly on the top of a can and pushing one button. It stops itself when it is done. The original batteries, by the way, still power it fully after three months of near daily use! Did I already say I am astounded?It is small enough to be stored on a shelf or in a drawer but not so small as to be easily lost or misplaced. It is a welcome replacement for shelf standing, plug-in electric can openers - and for the old turn-by-hand ones that my aging fingers and wrists can no longer tolerate.I don't think you can go wrong with one of these - even if you use it only as a back-up. For the cost, it is a great value and much more reliable than most "AS Seen ON TV" products I have experienced.
Extremely effective - reusable filter not so much. I am a smoker and my wife is not, so my smoking at home is relegated to outside or in my home office. This unit effectively cleans the smoke out of the air in my 10X12 office and keeps the rest of the house clean-smelling. The only downside to this device is the "reusable" hepa filter. I kind of understood it was washable (ideally being able to clean out the tar and nicotine trapped in it) but it is not. You may vacuum the filter of particles, but the smoke is reducing its effectiveness. So, apparently I WILL have to buy replacement filters regularly.I paid close to $100 for mine at Lowe's, so this is a deal
day2tripp. These furry mice are the only toy both my cats will play with.  People visiting think they are real -- apparently, cats do too!
Great to use with your non-stick cookware. I just recieved this a few days ago, and it really works great.  I purchased this for using with my non-stick cookware, and it works like a dream.  I made Alfredo sauce, and it thoroughly mixed everything with no problems, and the cheese didn't stick at all.  Great item, as well as product line..
for the traveling coffee junky. Probably the best cup of coffee/espresso, minus the coffeeshop.  Bialetti's Moka Express makes a sludgy cup of goodness for those that prefer it strong.  For those that don't, add some hot water and you have yourself an Americano.  Bialetti takes your bean farther!
Nice Gift. These little swizzle sticks are a great gift for people who give alot of  parties.  Each person can recognize their drink by the swizzle stick.  They are very cute and original.  If you buy these for yourself, make sure you buy 2 pkgs. so you can give the swizzle sticks as party favors at your next gathering and keep a set for yourself
Fiestaware is Addictive!!!. I started my fiestaware collection in November of 2002 when I was first introduced to it.  I started my collection with a sunflower and persimmon disk pitcher, and a persimmon teapot to complement the colors of my casual dishes.  But after seeing how beautiful and durable fiestaware is, it became a collection that is being enjoyed and used every single day.  I now have a lot of the serving pieces plus 30 5-pc place settings--2 sets of each in 15 different colors.  I love them.  Once you get hooked on fiestaware, it is hard to stop especially when they keep coming out with these new beautiful colors
This is a wonderful Product for Stainless Steel. I am very happy with it, I dont use stainless steel for cooking often i perfer cast iron and porcelin, but one cannot find those in cast iron or porcelin so this is a good alternative!Good Price
Love this!. This is the perfect little pitcher to own for serving creamer or milk for coffee or tea. It's a wonderful compliment to the rest of the Fiestaware line of serving items. Not only for everyday use, but also for parties. However, I do recommend that you order more than one if you do plan on using them for many people. Mix and match the colors for a beautiful table setting
No more burned teapots. It wasn't cheap (about $70), but we use it everyday. I can't tell you how many teapots we thoughtlessly melted before this one. It doesn't whistle, but it kindly turns itself off when hot (three settings of hotness possible). Very nice design; pot holds enough water for a family of four, sits on an electric base, heats swiftly, is easy to fill, and has a see-through water indicator.
Mangum 350. Great filter have used it for 9yrs on 100 gal fresh water still runs great but the bottom of the housing that the manget spins in wore out (spining manget came in contact with housing) cant complain for 9ys of good use.Buying a new one today.
Great product; great price. The HB 31602 is an excellent raclette grill at a price well below that of most other raclettes on the market now.  This is my second grill;  the first - a Swiss-made machine - died after about 10 years of use.  I decided to try the HB because of its features and attractive price, as well as my previous favorable experience with Amazon in the event I wanted to return the item.In short, the unit functions perfectly.  Its variable temperature control (a must for raclette cooking) does its job well.  Clean up - a frequent gripe among raclette grill reviewers - is a breeze....assuming that you only use the top grill to cook normal raclette-type foods such as small potatoes, sausages or Canadian bacon, not frying eggs, and that you treat the non-stick surface properly.Although the listing copy doesn't make this clear, the unit comes with both the rectangular pans and the plastic scrapers.  And the cord length (another often-heard complaint) is quite adequate.The only potential shortcoming is the way the item is shipped -- in its retail box only, the way you would pick it up at a store.  That means the only thing between your grill and the rough world of a UPS trip is a few pieces of egg-carton packing and a flimsy, non-corrugated box....a recipe for disaster.  Fortunately, my unit arrived OK though the box was pretty beat up.  Amazon should require its third party 'partners' to use shipping cartons, like Amazon itself always does.  (On the positive side, my one experience with Amazon re a shipping-damaged item was very satisfactory.
Awesome. My mom loves her knife. I have used it at her house and I wish I had one
my new china. During the remodeling of my kitchen, I decided I needed new china. I purchased FiestaWare in many colors, and it looks beautiful with the new colors in the kitchen. I was extremely please with the service I got when ordering from Amazon and the prices are the best. Thanks for a wonderful internet ordering experience
Funny gift to give :). It's soft and medium-sized.  Didn't pay too much for them so didn't feel too bad when friends would come over and ask if they could take one. Now I don't have any left, but they're an interseting little soft "stuffed animal" kind of thing.  No real practical purpose probably - and I heard it's a horror if it ever opens/spills its contents.  And it's kind of funny - the thing itself is soft - but it comes in a huge box with TONS of air pillows (when you order it from amazon at least).  So if you're moving and need packing material, then here's a 2-for-1 special.
Very Elegant. The set is a very beautiful set. The color is not yellow as it appears in the picture. The color is really Oatmeal beige. It has a distressed finish on the edges. I personally would use it for special occassions/dinners...
IT DOES IT'S JOB. EVENTHOUGH THE TAPWATER LOOKS GOOD THE TASTE DOES NOT.I DONT WANT TO TAKE CHANCE AS FAR AS HEALTH IS CONCERNED.THE FILTER WILL COME FOR THREE MONTHS IN OUR HOME AND THAT IS OK FOR ME.I AM HAPPY WITH THE PURCHASE WITH FREE SHIPPING BY AMAZON
Heavy Performance Without the Weight. I don't like to have more than the basics in my kitchen and I'm not a particularly motivated cook.  I don't collect gadgets and there is no "must have" that I must have.  I don't have a lot of storage that's easy to get to without torquing my back.  This grill pan appealed to my Puritan sense of function and ergonomics.  It weighs in at 3 lb. 10 oz.  Weight is important to me, because carrying things back and forth puts strain on my neck and aggravates my carpal tunnels.  The grill is very attractive but not at all flashy.  The non-stick coating works--things cook and they don't stick.  I prepared stuffed flank steaks and mushrooms and some sliced squash in the pan the first time I used it, and everything was perfectly cooked and delicious.  I used no other pans to cook the meal.  The grill pan motivates me to cook because the results are good and the process simple.  It does take a while to cook on the stovetop, but the results are superior to broiling the meat and microwaving the vegetables.  Grilling makes everything taste good.  I used no fat or Pam coating and relied only on the Teflon, and nothing adhered and the pan cleaned up very easily.  I bought a stainless steel splatter screen that probably is not necessary, but reassured me there would be no splatter and probably reduced cooking time somewhat.  Overall, I think the product does what it is supposed to do well and I am inclined to use it more than other cooking methods.  I have a fan but no hood over my stove, and this presented no problem using medium heat to sear and low to cook.  I hang the grill pan along the side of a cupboard so it is easily accessible--it is light enough to hang and take down easily
seems like old time quality. I was looking for a long time for a mixer that seemed like a good quality. I did buy one from the store but it was not high enough quality to suit my needs.The online reviews were a big help so I thought I would share mine.I bought one,pistachio hoping it was not to ugly,not knowing what the picture looked like.(I sent 2 pics but they still are not quite right)It was perfect for me more like an old time mint color.I received it only 6 days after I ordered it.It is heavy and seems well put together.I am very picky about quality, which seems hard to find.I ran it through a test of 8 cups whole wheat for bread.The only small problem I had is the bowl seemed to tilt.After taking it out I noticed there is a clip on back where the bowl had to pushed into a little to fit level.Easy enough.It made the dough and kneaded it with little effort.I am impressed with the power.I like the bowl lift design.I is a little loud, but no more than I would expect for a powerful motor.The only thing I don't know at this point is iwill last or not.My impression is that it will.The overall quality seems excellent.I would say it is well worth the money if want something with enough power to get the job done
Best  Ever!. What a great little device! Put the tortilla in. Cover tortilla with goodies of your choice. Put another tortilla on top. Cover and microwave for 1.5 minutes. Built in cutter really works. I was shocked! I'm not quite sure how I ever got along without this. I love not having to fry my quesadillas anymore and clean-up is simple and quick. Well worth the price and then some
Eureka Mighty Mite. This an outstanding product for the money.   It is lightweight and versatile.  Not good for carpets, but outstanding for all other uses
when looking for a very good alternative. For those who love the prior reviews but just like me had to find out that it isnt sold anymore, have a look at the Timolino 20 oz. Travette Tea Pot, comes in stainless and pearl white, its the same mug, it only has a tea filter instead of the travel mug lid. the tea filter and sprout are removable. when the mug is combined with one of timolino's travel lids its exactly the same as the titanium II
Great addition for larger jobs. Ordering 4 more of these trays has allowed me to make 5-6 pounds of beef jerky in one session. Adding the additional trays didn't increase the drying time of the session very much either.
Great Space Saver!. This item allows you to be able to have 5 pairs of pants and take up 1/5 of the space. I would definitely market this to my family and friends
Very Nice Sheets!. I bought these for my son.  Very High Quality and very nice!  We are pleased
Finally a pet gate that is 'good looking' and practical!. These gates are great for keeping our dogs out of the rooms we don't want them in. The gates are attractive and can be easily set up to fit in the doorway or outside of the doorway so one can still open and close the door. They have a handsome furniture finish consequently their appearance is much more pleasing to look at as compared to the typical wire or plastic gates available. They don't leave marks on the door frames as they simply set in place. Also, I price compared and this is the lowest price I could find for both the small and the large gates.Coincidentally, the gates are an added safety feature when our toddler grandson spends time with us
Maverick Automatic Egg Cooker Poacher - EC200. That's wonderful. It's really easier to used and quickly to fixed the eggs for my family. I like it so much
Le Creuset the best. I love this pot.  These items are a bit pricey but are worth it
French Press Makes Superior Coffee. French Press will make superior cup of coffee compared to regular coffee makers. I ordered this when I was staying at a hotel because I couldn't stand how bad their coffee tasted. Using the same coffee ground, this press made impressive tasting coffee.However, beware that the bottom part of this is made of rubber and is NOT attached to the glass part. Not that it's a problem, but I just don't like the idea of misplaced parts. Also, be careful with the mesh part, like the previous reviewer said - my previous french press had a small fold through which all coffee grounds passed through, making the coffee undrinkable.When I plan to use it the next day or so, I usually just rinse the whole thing under running water, slightly unscrewing the filter to get the grounds in between parts out.Overall, a great product at a cheap price
Easy to Clean. This is an upgrade for me. I use to have the Cuisinart Grind and Brew. The XP2070's espresso maker, delivers perfect crema. You have to use good quality espresso.I think the finer the grind the better the espresso( I'm not an expert) The frothing wand is easy to use and clean. The coffeemaker is a basic setup. It lets you choose from regular to strong brewed coffee. The digital interface is self explanatory. Like with every new toy, you have to spend time to get to know it. I purchased mine form Bed bath and beyond and I was able to use my 20% off coupon. The water filters for both the espresso and the coffee reservoir does not come with the unit. So expect to spend another 20-30 bucks on top of the price of the unit. I purchased the gold tone coffee filter and it works fine. Make sure you use heavier espresso cups when you brew your espresso, because the vibration will misalign the cups from under the spout, or you could just hold it still till its done brewing. You can program this model for "wake up" coffee. I guess its a 4 and not a five because the coffee was not "hot" enough for me, and oh yeah, you can't program it for wake up espresso
Excellent especially for the price. These shams are very soft and wash very well with little shrinkage.  I only gave 4 stars because they are a little thin and will show the pillow patterns underneath if the pillow is dark.I love the color, very subtle in the blush pink tone
mine still works ... i havent had any difficulties with this coffeemaker and it is also still in perfect condition !
Nesco FD-1010 Dehdrator Review. It's good.  It works.  It does the job.  We like it.  We'll keep it
Riedel O Chardonnay glasses. Very pleased with the glasses.  We already had the cabernet glasses and wanted to add to the collection.  they are such delicate crystal I feel like it's a special occasion when I use them.  I also like the look as it is different than any other wine glasses we have.  They are a great conversation piece
Great heater!!!!!. It's been 3 months since we bought this heater, we use it everyday  and it works terrific. It warms up our 12'x18' bedroom really fast. We also used it on our large livingroom, it takes a little longer but it does a good job. We are very pleased with this purchase and we'll definitely buy a second one for the next winter.The remote control is very convenient and the fact that we can program it to reach a desired temperature is a plus. It also works as a fan so we might still use it during summer time
the force is with this one. My son is a Star Wars nut and just loves this blanket
The Best Coat Rack Ever Made (so far). Great product, good value at the price
cleans great. i love this thing and keep it in the kitchen ready to use.  it is light weight and easy to use.  it is nice looking and has a long cord so i don't have to stop and move the plug.nothing in this world is perfect and it is possible to leave water on the floor but the wet pick up works well after you wash if you really want a dry floor.  glad i bought it.  much much better than mopping.  you know the floor is clean when you use this, bare feet will tell you that.i also have a brick entry  that is about 6 by 20 feet and it does a good job on that too although with the grout it leave more water, but hey, i don't want to mop or scrub that floor any other way!! for me this is the way to do floors
good mug, good price. it's pretty much you're average travel mug, it does what it says so you can start drinking your hot drinks sooner than you normally would, but it would be nice if you could get a bigger sip with each tip. I recommend it, and for the price you can't go wrong
Never leave home without it!. At first I doubted it but my son wanted desperately to buy me a present for the holidays so I told him to go for it.  It does everything it says it does and I use it by the glass or with a decanter.The first one was purchased online but now some wine shops in Florida are begining to carry them.  Works with reds and whites, and immediately softens those tannis or acidity depending on the wine.One side effect is that it introduced so many tiny microscopic bubbles into a Chardonay I was drinking that it made it slighly cloudy. Normally this is bad but since I detest the acidity of a Chardonay it was a totally welcome relief and the wine was sooooo much better!HIGHLY RECOMMENDED - I have one in each car and one at home, I never drink wine without it and everyone who tries one - buys one
Great addition to the kitchen!. This is such a nice addition to the kitchen. I don't have touch anything to get soap! So convenient when working with something, and hands have dough or something similar on them - don't have to touch the dispenser. I got tired of having to pump soap out of a typical dispenser, and in the process transferring whatever it was on my hands to the dispenser. No more messy transfer to the dispenser - and then having to clean the dispenser. Recommend this. It works great. Very easy to adjust amount of soap dispensed. And can have it set for tone or no tone. This would be a great gift item
Cutest Thomas Print. I think this is the cutest Thomas Bedding print. The only one complaint that I have about this set is that it's very rough. I purchased the comforter and twin sheet set. I only washed the sheets and they still seem rough. They do not fit that well on a thick mattress but they are doing fine on my son's bed. I would recommend this set because it's so cute
The Best for Everyday Wine Glasses. I own dozens of wine glasses from the most expensive lead crystal to winery logo glasses. I also have a set of Reidel Vinum's as well. I bought these for everyday/dishwasher use. Wow! Both the Red and White are wonderful... I side by side taste tested (glass to glass) my Chardonnay (yes, mine) and the White Wine Glass was way above average and perfect for everyday. Frankly, white wine dosen't need a snifter glass as some do...Tip: It also helps to not fill the glass to the top and please don't freeze the Chardonnay!
fading color. I got the cafe. This sheets is very comfortable but after a few washes the color tends to fade.
another great Calphalon product. Excellent product from Calphalon, as usual it is of excellent quality and a great price.  I've been searching for this small sauce pan to complete our set for about 6 years and it finally became available
Loofa dogs. My daschund Charlie loves his BoBo's!!!  Thanks for having them!! PetSmart is always out.
Best Pepper Mill ever. I really like this new version of the OXO Good Grips Pepper Mill.It works great...better than the old one
EASIEST FILTERS. These filters are so easy to replace and come three in pack.  Great product
15 minutes out of the box, and I've got excellent espresso. I am extremely pleased with this machine thus far.  It came with the illy E.S.E. pods, as well as illy ground espresso and a different filter kit to use with ground coffee.  I found the instructions easy to understand; set-up was very easy and quick.  I had never made a cup of espresso in my life, and within 15 minutes I had a cup of espresso normal and had even steamed some milk to make a fabulous latte.  I have the red machine, and it looks so sharp on my kitchen counter.  The machine feels very solid, very well-made, and is designed to look good and work well (how Italian!).  I read up a lot on this machine at wholelattelove.com, before choosing this particular one.  Slate.com also gave it an excellent review
Stylish yet very useful!. I ordered this for my husband who loves loose tea.  It is easy to use and works great.  The silver strainer cup does come off easily but it has never come off in the tea cup, just in the holder it comes with.  I've spilled a few leaves on the counter when the strainer part seperates from the handle in the holder.  But should anything happen to this one I'd probably just replace it with the same one.  That little flaw isn't a big deal.  We also like that it looks good so I don't mind it sitting out on the counter.
Top Fin Desktop Aquariums. My fish and I are very satisfied with this product.I have three, and have not been disappointed. Ihave one betta splendens in each aquarium, and,placed side-by-side, the view is lovely. For mypurposes, I wish the air stone had been a littlesmaller or less powerful. I don't recommendputting more than two fish in the one-gallon tank.On the whole, it's a lovely product, and I amthinking of buying the two-gallon just to givemy fish a little more swimming space. I thinkalmost everyone would be pleased with this product.Linda Jet
Works great - Read The Instructions. This is one of my favorite items in the kitchen. It works great for honey, peanut butter and other sticky items. It works just as well with oils.I have no problems with the body sticking to the tube. The instructions state that the rubber gasket needs to be lubricated with food grade oil after each washing. The product works perfectly when the instructions are read and followed
Waring blendors are the best. My Grandmother had a Waring Blendor. My Mother had a Waring Blendor. Why did I have to BUY one instead of "borrowing" one of theirs? Because they gave them away to get "lighter", i.e., cheap, plastic blenders, back in the early eighties. Big mistake. My grandmother died before she had to replace hers, but my mother is on her third cheap blender now. I expect my Waring Blendor to last the rest of my life. Fortunately, I was able to get my grandmother's Waring Blendor Cookbook from the forties. The current model still has the powerful motor, heavy glass container, super-duper cord and top-quality switch that my grandmother's had, sixty-odd years ago.I also picked up one at Goodwill to have an extra pitcher to make two kinds of frozen drinks when I have a party. It is about forty years old but still works great, and it was obviously used quite a bit. (I only wish I had found it before I bought a new one!) The container still fits the base on the current model.Makes fruit juice like a juicer, makes the best milk shakes, daquiries, gazpacho; it can even whip cream for dessert or froth milk for fancy coffee drinks! You can make a thick, creamy milkshake with milk, a frozen banana, a couple of ice cubes, and a little chocolate powder. You can even pre-chill the container in the freezer to make sorbet.The secret difference: this Blendor creates a tornado in the center of the container, ensuring that everything gets evenly mixed. According to my Waring Blendor Cookbook, this is because of the unique four-leaf clover shape of the container, the shape of the no-rust stainless blades, and the high-powered motor.You can use a wooden spoon through the hole in the top to make sure ice cubes get properly mixed if you find that to be a problem. (If you add ice cubes one or two at a time to the container with liquid already in blending on high, you will have the smoothest frozen beverage you have ever had with NO leftover ice chunks.)The easiest way to clean it is to fill it 1/4 to 1/3 full of water, add ONE drop of dishwashing detergent, PUT THE LID ON, blend, shake and rinse.Sure, it is a little loud (brings back memories of my childhood!) and if you drop the glass container on your foot, you'll be sorry, for your foot, because the container probably will never break. Notice that none of the Waring Blendor's detractors suggest an alternative.If it isn't in the MOMA collection of Twentieth Century Industrial Design, it should be.Buy a Waring Blendor and you'll never have to buy another blender. And neither will your children
Don't give up if it seems not  to work at first. I bought this item through Target via Amazon.  Similar to other recent purchasers, I had problems with the motor/base not working at all, and notified Target for a replacement.  However, I had the same problem with the replacement unit, and after some fiddling around, was able to get the new unit working.  The trick seems to be with the "gears" that connect the bottom of the bowl with the top of the motor/base.  They need to be "just so" for the motor to turn on.  Must be some kind of a safety feature.  Since figuring this out, the machine has worked great. Fairly quiet operation and relatively simple clean up (the bowl and attachments can go directly in the dishwasher). I would give it 5 stars except for the frustrating front end work - it shouldn't be that complicated!  At the very least, the directions should warn that proper assembling is needed for the machine to turn on
Cat's Loved It!. My 1 year cat loves this product! She has hours of fun jumping on it, playing with the hanging purple balls & stretching her claws! Recommend this product highly
Great Buy!. This has been a great purchase for my family.  It was easy to put together and provided the right amount of extra storage that we needed.    For $30, it just can not be any better
can you say quiet... Finally a quiet vacuum with some serious suction!  I have a 200 year old farm house that really needs this vacuum and has been smiling since it arrived.  The suction power on this vac is high enough to clean cracks that have never before been cleaned.  The hepa filter means you really can't smell that you've been vacuuming and the bags are a breeze to change.  Also, who can complain about having a hip appearing vacuum cleaner?  Hey, if you have to own one, wouldn't you prefer to have one that's easy on the eye?
Hamilton Beach Snowman Ice Shaver. My son and I LOVE this item!  It's so fun to be able to quickly and easily make shaved ice.  Sometimes we freeze juice or soda in the molds (rootbeer is a favorite!), and sometimes we just use regular ice and sno-cone syrup.  This is one of the best kitchen gadgets I've ever purchased!!
Best Yet. I have a drawer full of book lights. This is by far the best. Long flexible neck that stays where you put it. Enough batteries to keep it going. Wide, evenly dispersed light with no hot spots. It will even light a book with large pages. This is it
Great end tables. I bought two of these end tables.  I love them.  There very easy to put together (which is unreal with furniture in a box).  The main part of the table is already assembled.  Once again great item
Awesome. I purchase this item for a christmas gift for my boyfriend he loves it.  He would like to purchase another one but would like to have a bigger on
Good price for this product. I loved this product as well. Simiular prices on the net were pretty high and really didnt go with the butterfly theme of my girls room. It is so cute and makes a great addition to your themed room. The only thing is as another customer said, the wire came out so I have to keep putting it back in. Other than that is a great buy
my dog loves it. The mat is super plush, very nice, wish I had one for myself. My dog loves it. Treat your friend and get one for him/her
LOVE IT!. I recently ordered this sandwich maker, as I'd been missing the one I had in the UK.  I am really pleased with it, it makes excellent toasted sandwiches in a short period of time.  They make great snacks and I would highly recommend this product to anyone looking for this type of appliance
Great for a small apartment. I bought this because we moved into a very small place and wanted to build shelves over where the dryer would normally go using a stackable combination. This is a very good solution for the small apartment dweller, as it runs on a normal 110 volt 3-prong outlet, easily hooks up to a faucet with sink, and doesn't need a vent.  I have been very satisfied so far, but I would recommend reading the other comments for the various caveats.  If you are willing to change your laundry paradigm, this might be right for you.  The 2.4 cu ft model doesn't hold much but is good for two people or if you have a larger family, then every other day.  Yes, it doesn't dry as much in the same drum.  I have found that even though the clothes feel damp when they are pulled out, if you do it at the end of the cycle when they are hot and spread them out for a couple of minutes, they end up dry.  This is a very energy efficient washer/dryer and the energy/water rebates where we live in the SF-Bay Area are quite high
Good and necessary product.  Thanks, George!. I bought these special sponges, because my grill is hard to clean.  I have an older model, so the surfaces aren't detachable from the grill. It's not that food is so hard to get off, but with a regular sponge, it takes a while to get into each area. With the special sponges, that isn't necessary.  They are shaped specifically to fit into the ridges at the same time, so all I have to do is soap up a sponge and rub it back and forth over the grill surfaces.  Plus, there is a scrubbing side as well as a sponge side. They also rinse clean very quickly.  It's much faster than with a regular sponge!  So I highly recommend these sponges
Green MIlano chair. I received my chair and it was missing a side panel.  The chair was hard to put together.  The chair is of quality and very comfortable
Works Great, don't have to hire someone!. Since we heard nothing but bad things about hiring carpet cleaning services, we researched this SteamVac to replace that...our carpet had a lot of cat throw-up stains, and hadn't been shampooed in two years.  This thing was amazing!  It took out all the stains, and a ton of cat hair and dirt.  We continue to use it for spot cleaning cat throw-up (yes, she does it a lot!), and it is easy to use and clean up.  Very happy with our purchase, and now we can steam clean whenever we want without worrying about hiring someone to come into our house
Wish there were a choice of more stars. I got 2 of these and they are great.   I use them as a night light,  emergency light and a tent light when I'm camping.  It works great keeping critters away from you camp. I put one in the tent as a light and put the other outside aimed at my cooler and food.  If you have ever been raided by a bear/racoon/etc. you can appreciate this.  It would be a great product at twice the price.   Good company. I highly recommend it.
Carbonation is rather good... I read some other reviews here and on other sites and it seemed that the biggest problem this product has is that the water is not as carbonated as store bought water.The first time I tried this product it seemed the other reviews were correct.  The water was just barely carbonated and I was rather disappointed with it.  However, I found that once you pressurize the bottle; letting it sit in the refridgerator for a while will really carbonate it up.  To me it now "seems" just as good as store bought carbonated water or at least very close.Probably the only complaint I now have about it is that I empty the bottle too quickly and I have to wait a while for another bottle to be ready.   Besides that it works very well and I am happy with it.
Good Knives. I really like my Knives and the Choppers. I have not had any problems with the Knives....They are very Sharp and have a Knife for every type of Cutting or ChoppingI suggest getting the "Knife Block" which really keeps the Knives handy when you need them
GREAT!. I LOVE this set! As long as you apply pressure to seal the lids THEY WILL NOT COLLAPSE! (as stated by another reviewer). I Have had them for months now and have used them with total success. Get rid of all your other plastics... these are all you'll ever need
LOVE THIS TOASTER!. If you want the retro look and a super toaster.....this is the one for you. Toasts perfectly and looks great! I've had it about 4 months with no problems whatsoever. Make sure to measure your countertop area before ordering.....it's a big toaster. Shape is unusual (taller in back than the front)which gives it a little character! Excellent!
Very functional and a good value. I had been putting my sweaters on hangers up until I got these shelving units and I always had creases and other problems. These shelves work great and fit very well in my closet. I'm a big guy and I can fit 2-3 sweaters in each shelf space, while my wife is small and can fit 4-5. The shelves were easy to set up and get attached to the closet rod. One of the nicest features is that because they're canvas, in the summer I can simply put my sweaters in storage and collapse these shelves
Nice but over priced!. Works well to store coffee and cut our energy usage per the coffee warmer, but we over paid on this item.  Found something comparable for much less at a discount warehouse
The Best Cat Litter Available. I have two cats and this is the BEST cat litter on the market...it controls odor...easy clumping...and it goes a long way!I started the cats on this product as kittens...went to an automatic litter box (what a mistake that was and costly) and went right back toTidy Cat!  It is a great product...Highly recommended..
Excellent!. I have had this knife set for just over a year, and I love it! Great quality at a reasonable price! I even purchased additional steak knives. I would purchase them again if the ones I have ever wear out
Scooba Rocks!. I liked my Roomba, but love my Scooba!  Yeah, it's not perfect, but with two little kids and two big dogs, my house is never perfect.  There are a couple of places it gets hung up under our kitchen cabinets, and it doesn't get all the way into the corners, but generally it does almost all the hard work.  Our house has travertine floors throughout, and it takes a really long time to mop all of them by hand.  Now, I just take Scooba from room to room and let it go.  With the dogs, I was worried about dog hair clogging it up, and I do have to clean Scooba's brushes fairly often, but it does just fine.  (I use Roomba or a dust mop to pick up the big chunks before Scoobaing.)  It was a Christmas present to myself, and I love it, as does my (once skeptical) husband.
Best Dishrack on the market!. Hi there!OK,  this  was the first time i ever spent so much on a dishrack.  I have to admit that i was very skeptical but after receiving it and using it, i am convinced that it was money well spent.   Its  truly a very smartly designed product that is worth its pricey tag.    It's tilted upwards in the back so it  wont allow water to accumulate which leads to germs & mold and it accomodates dishes, silverware,knives and glasses/cups perfectly all while being spacious and space saving at the same time.  Plus it looks good too
Incredible!!!. My chihuahua has had chronic ear problems since he was a little puppy.  I'm not a fan of the antibiotic ointments that vets prescribe because they contain medication he doesn't need for his yeast problems.  I've tried all sorts of natural ear cleansers to no avail.  I found this product highly recommended by an online vet site so I thought I'd give it a shot.  Within 2 days his ears looked perfect...no scratching or shaking either.  It's been 3 weeks since I last put in the drops and I haven't had to worry about them since.  I honestly can't believe how well this solution works.  I'm so happy my little guy isn't feeling miserable with his ears anymore. :
Floor cleaning. The Bissell Flip-It saves me a lot of time cleaning floors and does a more thorough job than a mop
Old Faithful. I can't believe how much I actually use this pot. It's great for roasts and braising. It's fantastic for boiling pasta or for deep frying big batches of onion rings for all the neighbors. It takes a while to heat up but once it hit it's temp, it does not cool down. My wife is a klutz and she's dropped the lid several times. Not one ding or chip. It's pretty easy to clean, too. Sometimes it takes a bit of Bar Keepers Friend and a little elbow grease but it looks so nice you can bring it from oven to table. I expect my children to fight over this the day after my funeral. Maybe I need another
The EX...5 Piece Knife Set with a twist!. I first saw this in a magazine at the Hair Salon I go to and it brought a smile to my face.  Hilarious & I think people will get a kick out of this.  This was gift to my daughter who loved it and said the knives are well made & the holder is a good size.  Great conversation piece
Sturdy. the quality of the paint was not great but it is sturdy and does the job
Didn't think I'd like this but...... This is a nice product. I was sleeping on a magnet mat so I didn't think this would work out.  Love it!  It doesn't slide off the bed and makes sleeping sooooooooo nice.  Dogs love it also!  Ha-Ha. Be kind to your pooch
Coffee tastes great every pot!. I live in an area where the water tastes good sometimes and terrible other times.  When i received this pot as a gift I didn't even want to use the filter, but I did.  I could not believe how fresh and good the coffee tasted.  It tasted like I used bottled water.  I am a believer!  Happy in New Cit
Great for snacks and more!. By inserting these sheets into the dehydrator trays, you can easily turn applesauce or other fruit sauces into healthful fruit roll snacks for kids and adults, or use them to dry other messy foods and liquids for soups, sauces, salads, camping trips and more. A &quot;must have&quot; accessory for anyone with this dehydrator
Exactly as described. I liked them they were as described and nice ceramic mug-like glasse
john  moore. bought this, and it is great. looks good, works good, easy to clean.  i will only buy calphalon cook ware from now on. have bought several pieces of this brand, and love using it. i don't think that you can get any better than this brand of cook ware.
BEST CANISTER VACUUM. I bought this canister vacuum about 2 months ago and I absolutely love it.It is quiet and I told my husband I swear it picks up the dirt off the basement floor from our living room.  I love the automatic rewind cord.  The cord is very long and I don't have to look for a plug in each room I vacuum.  I have all hardwood floors and two cats and it really keeps the hair volume "in the bag".  The wands are sturdy metal. I have gone through about 3 vacuums in the past two years due to plastic parts breaking.  Thank you Electrolux for the quality build of this vacuum.  The only thing that irritates me is I can not keep the attachments attached to the bend in the wand.  I finally gave up and put them in a drawer since I seldom have to use them.  Spring and fall cleaning will be the only time more than likely.  I also wish the vacuum wands would stand by themselves when I have to leave the vacuum for one reason or another.  But it is still a 5 star even considering those two little things
Classy Sugar Bowl. This is a very nice item, I like the fact that you don't have to use a spoon to put the sugar in your cup. Very practical and easy to clean since it is dishwasher safe. And even if you acccidentally tip it over there will not be any mess and no sugar lying on your table. Mess free and classy this is a very smart buy
Great Product. I check out all the local stores for a glass-lined Carafe, but could find none. This is a great product. Keeps coffee hot (especially when primed with hot water first)
Pleasantly surprised. I've gone through a lot of humidifiers as I get unhappy with their output and performance.  I've been very satisfied with this unit from Vornado.  It humidifies a large area quickly and maintains the humidity without multiple fillings per day, I usually just have to fill it once.The water containers are meant to be easy to fill, and from a faucet are but you won't have much luck filling them faster from your tub as you would on other models.  Plus, the open mouth requires you to be a little more careful with dropping them back into the unit.  Everything's plastic and sturdy.Sound wise, it's not too loud.  It has it's moments right when you fill it our turn it on for the first time, but it's rather quiet otherwise.  There is some noise and unless you want some small white noise while you sleep, I'd leave it in another room.While you may see this unit a lot in Bed Bath and Beyond and Linnens and Things those two stores do a horrible job of maintaining filters and additives for it or any other humidifier that the sell.  Buy some spare ones here, you'll save about $4 or $5 dollars and use an additive on each fill as you would a normal unit.As for it's airwashing ability, it doesn't hurt.  I can't tell you for sure if it's a good replacement for normal air cleaner, it's certainly a little quieter.  As I have cats I have a host of aircleaning products and bought this with aircleaning and humidification in mind, but more for the humidification first and air cleaning second.  It's constant recycling of the air pulls the warm air down and recirculates it.  I wouldn't buy this as your sole unit for air cleaning, but a nice add on in the winter if you need humidification.I've really been quite surprised at the amount of coverage I get with this unit.  I would definitely recommend you try it before you spen $100+ on console units which do a similar/less job of humidification.
The Cover DOES Zip Off. A previous reviewer stated there is no zipper so you cannot take the cover off. The statement is INCORRECT.We have EIGHT dogs and 4 various dog beds around the house and this one is very high quality and a great bargain. The reason the previous reviewer could not find the zipper is because this bed is so well made you have to carefully LOOK for the zipper latch. It matched the color of the bed perfectly.I fully expect this bed to last for many years. The cover is gorgeous and will readily clean. AND the "hidden" zipper keeps the dogs from chewing on it. Well done as usual Amazon.
A wonderful glass for sake drinking. I learned about this product from John Gauntner's Sake newsletter. This ia a wonderful set of glasses for nihonshu. This glass was designed to bring out the gentle nuances of sake and has achieved that goal. The glass can hold a significant amount of sake which I prefer to more traditional small o-choko and its size makes swirling easier. The glasses are stemless which allows for easier cleanup in a dishwasher and keeps with Japanese aesthetics. This glass has become my favorite glass for sake tasting and for general purpose sake consumption
Good little machine. I've had my Baby Gaggia for only a week now, and so I cannot comment on the longevity of the plastic housing/buttons.  It's true they are not made of metal, and they might look cheap if you are expecting an all metal machine.  I searched for a machine with fine internal workings, simply couldn't afford the higher priced models.  Mine came from Whole Latte Love's outlet section, where it on clearance for $349.  The Classic Gaggia was $497, as was the Gaggia Baby "D".As promised, the espresso is delicious, and tastes better than anything I've ever bought at Starbucks or other local espresso bar.  This is with medium roast pre-ground Illy coffee.   I've been buying espresso at coffee shops for over twenty years, and have consumed it in Rome and Paris and other big cities in Europe, and never thought I could own my own machine.  I can honestly say that after a bit of practice, my Baby Gaggia and I am making espresso that compares very well, and that's with Illy pre-ground medium roast coffee.  With a good grinder (like the Gaggia MDF) and better water I think it could be even better.  It's a good idea to have some decaf (Illy medium roast decaf) on hand, too, so you don't overdo it
Aesthetically Pleasing. Love the look they give my bathroom! Very shiny, and easy to hang the shower curtain from
great. I recieved the platter in a timely manner. It was packaged well and in perfect condition. I purchase it for a gift. I was very happy with it
Bacon Press. This is a great product, which I use every time that I prepare bacon!  After it has been seasoned, according to product instructions, all you do is towel off the excess grease!  It really does keep the bacon nice and flat, as well as crispy.  I wouldn't want to cook bacon without this great tool!
Great quality and style!. Very nice product and high quality stainless steel. Made to last
No Problems!. I got this to replace my bulky turner that I got from the Dollar Store for $1.00.  For an extra $3 or so I got this lovely turner that gets under pancakes and eggs and also teases my belgium waffles out the waffle maker for me.  Also, the turner part looks plastic, but I guess it's silicone or something because it does not melt.  Also you can wash it in the dishwasher in the hottest heat.  If washing by hand, its easily washable too!  I have both the blue and green, flashy colors so it is easily spottable in my kitchen.
Great machine. Nice machine for doing quick clean-ups, stairs and car. A bit heavy but great suction. Not thrilled with the method in which the hose for accessories is hooked up but a small price to pay for a good job. Worth the minor frustration
Great Product Overall. I've been using this product for several months and find it to be much better than drying wine glasses on a dishrack or on a dish towel.  It is tall enough that it can hold very tall red and champagne glasses.  It is also well-balanced and is strong enough to hold several heavy Waterford-type glasses.  Be aware, though, that if your glasses have a rolled edge, you will still get residual drying marks along the brim that will need to be toweled off.  My one design complaint is that water from the wet glasses falls and pools under the circular base.  It would be better if the base were on small rubber feet.  If you entertain on a large scale and often need to dry more than six glasses, you might want to consider buying two racks
Brilliant space saver, particularly for high cabinets. My spice collection is extensive and with very high kitchen cabinets, I would either have to commit myself to using a step stool every time I wanted to cook, or relegate the majority of my spices to an unusable (and unreachable) part of the kitchen.These convenient pull-down racks are amazing. They attach to the shelf, and pull out/pull down over the edge of the shelf and down into reachable space. Every bottle is easily viewed because the rows are just the right height, and even the very last row of the very highest rack is now accessible without the use of a ladder.It installs easily and glides smoothly, protecting the bottles against potential breakage.This is a great find!
the glass that started it all for me. It's a bit of a long story, maybe more than you want to know, but it might help you make what'll one day be a decision you'll look back on with favor. So here goes:Five years ago, a buddy of mine invited me to dinner in honor of my birthday. He'd opened a 10 year old bottle of Storybook Mountain organic zinfandel, and offered me a glass. It was marvelous. Then he said, "Well, try it in this." He gave me another glass (it was the Riedel Vinum chianti/zin glass), and I put it under my nose. Encountering the focused bouquet of this terrific wine from that glass was like being smacked in the face. I was thunderstruck. I kept moving back and forth between the two glasses and was utterly staggered by the difference. The power of the Riedel glass to deliver the wine to the nose made me a believer for life.Years before, I'd heard a Riedel engineer on the radio explaining the science behind the sizing and shaping of glasses for different types of wine. I was as skeptical as the sarcastic radio host. Even though I was a committed wine geek, I was resistant to the notion that one needed at least a few different styles of stemware to get the most out of wine. After my encounter with the vinum chianti/zin glass, I was hooked.The only drawback is having to buy six, which may be more than some people need. If you do a bit of searching on the web, you'll find some retailers who offer these glasses singly. If you love chianti and/or zinfandel (red zinfandel, that is), do yourself a favor and try one of these glasses. You'll never go back
Nice product. I was surprised by the quick delivery.  I opened the box to check the bowls.  Everything was intact and I was happy to give them to my cousin as a wedding present
Great cage for our parakeets. I purchased 2 of these cages and my first comment is that the picture of the cage is just what you are getting. It is hard to find a large cage for parakeets with the correct bar spacing so no one slips out. This cage was the answer for all of our needs. Not only is the bar spacing great for our paratkeets but there is lots of room. The stand that the cage sits on is very sturdy and does not wobble like a lot of cages that come with seperate stands. Assembly is also easy. The only time I had to pull out a tool was to put the stand together and that was very easy to do. If you are using this cage for parakeets you should use twisty ties to secure the doors even more. Parakeets love to lift the doors up and down and it is a matter of time before they realize they can also get out.The cage is also very nice for our parakeets because it has different levels that the birds love to explore.Great cag
Best I've ever owned!  3-4 pots a day and fast!. Because of my 2 pot a day coffee habit and how much coffee we drink as a family, i have gotten used to the idea that i will be buying a coffee maker every 6 months.  It didn't make a difference if i paid $15 or $150 for it not one lasted more than 6 months without making me wait 20-30 minutes for a pot!  When i ran across this machine i thought i would try it - that was a year and half ago.  It's fast and dependable and needs little cleaning to keep it running fast and can be placed in your dishwasher.  I love this machine and now am finally shopping for a new one because the pastic handle on the water chamber broke and i was hoping to trade it for a stainless steel version to match appliances.  We really run coffee makers into the ground brewing 3-4 pots a day - but this one can take it and i love not having the glass.  The only negative thing i can say is that the plastic part stains on the inside after awhile but really - who cares, it makes a 5 minute pot!!
Coeur a la Creme. I ordered this to make a Coeur a la Creme for Valentine's day.  Although it's inexpensive, it is a good quality, very thick dish, and is cute enough to display in my kitchen. The shipping time seemed a little long, and if I had it to do over again I would expedite shipping.
Using it right now... As a computer addict, I tend to sit on the couch, watch TV and have my laptop on my lap for hours at a time.  The lapinator is comfortable to hold on my lap and I no longer get uncomfortably hot holding the laptop.  A must have for computer nerds like myself
Great for pet hair. I've had my older model, not the three-speed model with the handheld,  for a couple of years and it's great for a quick pick up on carpets.  Though it doesn't work that well for me on the kitchen floor, it does pick up all the little bits of white "stuff" you find on darker carpet.  Don't expect it to deep clean, that's not what it's meant for but for my needs it's been fine and it's always worked
It's a "BLUE RIBBON" Popper!!!. My wife and I purchased our West Bend Stir Crazy 8-Quart Popper from Amazon in February 2007.  Before that, we endured that "microwave" c**p for years, and then only on a rare "have to have it" basis.  Before that, we owned a "Hot-Air" popper.  These outfits are aptly named for their sad claims of making "edible" popcorn.  Having tired of all that, I decided to surf the net for new poppers and liked the West Bend 8-Quart model, basicly for its 8-quart capacity and small footprint.  Incidentally, 1-oz of kernels = 1-qt of popped corn, so this popper will use 1-cup of kernels to give you 8-quarts of unburned buttery popped corn, and leave a mere 5-20 kernels unpopped! You can also pop less than a full batch.  So, how do we rate it?  WOW.WOW.WOW!!!  These little words quickly sum it up!  We have been popping corn every day now for about 4 weeks and have already defined a simple "clean-up" procedure that can be completed in about 2-3 minutes, and that's right after you finish popping!  The design is sturdy and functional, and the clear dome is heavy enough to contain all of the action inside the popper, and inverted, to become a substantial fancy serving bowl.  Just as important, I have found the right combination of popcorn, oil, and salt, and the technique that equals (or better yet) surpasses that fabulous "Theater Popcorn" that we all find irrestable, yet woefully expensive outside our homes.  And yes, the brands of your popcorn, oil, and salt are just as critical as their proportions.  Are you wondering what it costs to pop 8-quarts of fabulous popcorn?... Less than a dollar!...about 70 to 80 cents plus 4-5 minutes of electricity.  I'm serious!  Get this popcorn popper and you, too, can increase your family's health and its wealth!  Yum! Yum! Yum!!
Great product!. Great product - very efficient and useful. Not sure why anyone would have a problem with this product. Maybe its just too darn complicated for some people to use
PERFECT~!!!!. I just got mine today, loved it, bought 5 more in different sized. What I loved about was the sense of freshness and cleanness in the fact this covers up ENTIRE pillow in easy slip, then seal it tight with a zipper. When you rest your head on the pillows. (I have Standard, Queen, King, sizes, plus Memory Foam pillow), not only it fits, but also its soooo comfortable unlike any other Allergen Barrier cover that is noisy, and bulky. I am not set for the ENTIRE house bed rooms. PERFECT cover!
Great for the price. We have worn out three other espresso machines.  This one seems to hold up to our household's daily demand (12+ cups per day).  It is very user-friendly and its design is quite nice.My biggest gripe is the filter is small and I haven't been able to find where/how to purchase extra filters.If you're looking for a good, personal espresso machine, this is it.
Make poached egg sandwiches instead of butter drenched fried egg sandwiches, your heart will thank you!. I bought one of these in August of this year.  I used it daily to make a ham/egg/cheese/english muffin sandwich every morning with great results.  However, after about a month, the non-stick coating started to bubble then peel off from the egg poaching pan.  I called Back To Basics and had a new pan free of charge within a few days.  The new pan has been in use for two months without issue.  The people at Back To Basics were very kind and shipped my new pan without hassle.Some people reviewing this product have complained about the stainless steel water boiler becoming dirty from minerals and scalded meat juice.  Others have complained about the egg being soaked in water from steaming and/or sticking in the pan.  I have overcome these problems by doing the following:I bought a gallon of distilled water that I use in the water compartment (at an ounce or two per use, a gallon will last a long time).  This prevents any mineral buildup and keeps the cooking cycle time to a minimum (keeping the stainless steel clean keeps heat transfer to a maximum, therefore speeding cooking time).  Every three or four uses, I wipe the water compartment with a damp paper towel to remove any accumulated debris that may have dripped down.  After cooking everything, I remove the egg poaching tray and while holding the egg in the tray with a plastic fork, tip it on its side over the sink to drain off any accumulated water, then remove the egg with the plastic fork.  I use store-brand spray oil and have never had an egg 'stick' in the pan.  I have found that if I want toast/an english muffin/a bagel to be pretty crispy, I have to run it for two toaster cycles.All in all this is a great product.  Butter consumption in my house has decreased dramatically, and I'm not making a huge buttery mess on the stove every morning.  Plus there no dirty spatula and frying pan to deal with every day.
Giant Wine Glasses. These were a gift, and my sister found them a bit too large for her purposes.  Otherwise, they're quite marvellous
BEST TOY EVER. This was the best toy that we could have bought. We have a Jack Russel who loves this toy. The only down side is that the cube its self is easily chewed at the openings. She get frustrated when she cant pull out the balls and chews it! Still her favorite toy by far! She pulls the balls out one by one and runs around squeeking them and showing off! Well worth the money we spent on it!
Worth every cent!. If you're an All Clad chef, you know the quality.  Accept no substitute for a splatter screen. I was tired of wiping up grease splatters all over my stovetop, around the dials, on the floor, etc... The cheap flat screens just don't stay on the pan. The edges of the All Clad Screen make it foolproof for staying in place.  The handle design saves space in storage.  One size fits everything up to 13 inches. The screen is a high quality design, not a window screen that gets punctured sooner or later. I can tell that this screen will never bend out of shape either. Yes, it was more expensive than the cheap flat ones, but you'll appreciate the performance and durability advantages
Calphalon Contemporary Nonstick 12-Inch Covered Omelet Pan. Since we own a few other Calphalon cookware products, and arevery satisfied with them, it was an easy choice to selectCalphalon to replace a frying pan.  The new Calphalon pan notonly is easier to cook with, it's much nicer to look at.  We nolonger put it away after use.  Instead we're proud to have itadorn the cook top
decent kettle for the price. I purchased this kettle after shopping around locally and finding the selection here lacking. It was difficult to find one that was all white (most are stainless steel). It is easy to fill, boils quickly, and fits easily on the base. My only complaint is that the top doesn't latch down. Overall this is a good value
extremely easy to use. I was very pleased with the product due to it's ease of installation - just stick it up with the self adhesive tape (or use optional hardware that was included, put in the bulb and ready to go.  It provides just enough light for the closet in which it was placed.  I will probably get a couple more for other poorly lit sections of the house
LOVE IT!!!. I have had this machine for 6 months now and love it!!  I love that it uses regular ice cubes so I don't have to freeze special ones in a certain containor.  My parents also have had this machine for almost a year now and it still works great and they use it every day many times a day.  I would highly recommend it to anyone!!
Tank Topper. The product is as it appears and is terrific. It is much easier to clean  this cage (compared to the plastic cages made of wire and plastic tubes).It is fun to watch our hamster exploring around the cage. The only downside is that he spends most of the day inside the blue "house". We don't see him as much as we used to.
Cool product!. These days, it's hard finding a simple toaster oven. Most of them are huge, have convection capability and complicated digital displays, etc. Not the Sanyo Toasty. I like it because it's very compact, tall rather than wide, and looks good in my retro kitchen. My husband, on the other hand, thinks it looks like something your dentist would use to sterilize drill bits, but he's getting used to the Toasty's offbeat design. It toasts bread and bagels just fine. Yes, there's no heat setting and others have complained about that. That drawback doesn't bother me. As long as you're not looking to heat up large or long items, the Toasty is fine
No problem. If you have a mattress with deep corners, not a problem, covers the pillow tops with ease and the material is extremely comfortable
can opener review. It is a very slick can opener and works beautifully. It took a few minutes to install but wasn't dificult
Great cookware. We have been using this product for a couple months now and will never go back to other brands of cookware.  Without a doubt it cooks more evenly, it cleans easiest, and stands up to our hardest use...  I won't get rid of my copper pans, but for everyday use, this is my choice
Dunno if it's microwaveable, but I microwaved it anyway. I picked up one of these from a trash pile in college (American college students tend to throw away a lot of perfectly good stuff at the end of the year) and had it for two years until I accidentally whacked it against a wall. During that time it performed quite well. I used to take out the metal plunger and heat water in the microwave in the glass/plastic body. The plastic seemed to hold up all right
Corelle Livingware. My wife loves the product.Good value.Packageing was inadequate and some pieces arrived broken
Love it!. I love that I can cook with it on the stove first and then it turns right into a crockpot.  Less to clean up
Makes Great Candy & Chocolate Covered Strawberries!. On a Travel show, Samantha Brown told a group of people in Switzerland that in the US we have a custom: we receive a fondue sets as wedding gifts and sell them for $5 a year later at a yard sale.  Funny, but this one will not be for sale!  I received this as a gift, and I only planned to use it to dip fruit in for get togethers.  I hadn't planned on making candy, and chocolate covered strawberries, but I am.  The candy comes out great, I just use the little ladle and scoop the chocolate right into the molds (they include a bottle which you are supposed to use but it just sounds like extra work and mess).  The chocolate covered strawberries look professional especially if you use the long stemmed ones, and make great gifts for Valentine's Day.  I also received chocolate ordered through Amazon, 2 lb bags "for Fountain and Fondue" from a Bountiful Harvest and it is Delicious!  Takes about 1/2 hour or more to melt (less time if you stir it midway) but it is not as much trouble as using a double boiler.  You don't have to watch it and can leave it on for hours.  You don't add oil to this chocolate as it has cocoa butter already in it. I use the 4 bowls which come with the set to serve the chocolate individually, and I use the molds to make candy if there is any chocolate left over. I suggest washing everything just afterwards before the chocolate hardens (when I didn't, I had to soak everything in boiling water to loosen to wash).  Great Item
Mommy is Happy!. Most reviews explained the convenience of the LG for a couple but said it probably wouldn't be good for a family.  I guess it depends how you look at it.  We have a washer and dryer in a laundry room downstairs but when I was pregnant my laundry duties stopped:  it was hard to manage baskets up and down the stairs, I wasn't feeling well, forgetting to switch the clothes into the dryer, and then finding time to fold big loads.  We installed the 24inch model in our Master Bedroom closet and I am back to doing laundry.  Our children's bedrooms are upstairs and so are mommy and daddy - so ultimately, that's where all the clothes are - ready to go.  About 5 mornings a week I throw in one small load - by nap time - it's done and easy to sort and fold.  It doesn't matter to me that it takes 4 hours.  The clothes come out clean, fresh and my daughter enjoys our morning "laundry" routine as she puts clothes in there with me.Now, the technical stuff.*My husband set it up in a day - he needed to do some wiring and piping.*It's not too loud.*It has a child safety lock.*You can run multiple cycles - including diapers.*It gages how much clothes are in the machine and sets the amount of time.*The detergent/softer dispenser is very easy to pull out and rinse in a sink for cleaning.*You can only fill it about 1/2 way with clothes because the dryer can only do about 1/2 of the wash load.  You will do many more loads of laundry.  "A little at a time."We still have our washer/dryer downstairs for bulky items but we are actually thinking of replacing those with the larger model in case we have to wash a lot of towels or something.  I feel like a family of 4 could live off 1 larger model.Overall, I'm back to doing laundry and it's not a complaint anymore.
Beautiful Dinnerware!. I have just opened the three sets and they are beautiful.  They arrived in perfect condition and I cannot believe how fast the delivery was.  A perfect addition for our dinner table
Exactly what we hoped for. Slightly smaller surface area then our old griddle, but the best we found in the group. Easy to clean (dishwasher safe!) and works like designed. The tray is very small, but we don't use it, so not a problem for us
Excellent product; Better than Circulon classic. Better than Circulon classic. Love the non-stick and the bigger size. My old one is a Circulon classic and the non-stick worn out after 5-6 years.Note: After almost 3 years, this wok still ROCKS! I have owned other Circulon but the non-stick wore out after 3-5 years. I think the reason is 1) I seldom use oil when cooking, 2) I boil water using the saucepan, 3) I use canola oil. I have read somewhere - Do not use canola oil on Circulon's non-stick. You can search the term "canola oil" and "Circulon" on the web. I am not sure if the canola oil is truly a culprit.For the wok, I always use oil for stir fry so it's still great.Also, I just discovered (too late!) "Bar Keeper's Friend." This little white powdery thing can clean up the "rainbow" stain on the stainless steel wok cover like magic! For $1.99, it solves a problem beautifully.NOTE: DO NOT USE BAR KEEPER'S FRIEND ON THE NON-STICK SURFACE!! It's only for the stainless steel wok cover
Awesome!. I got these for Christmas and after using for the first time, I think they are great!  The muffins came out easily and they cleaned up easily as well.    I was tired of rusty useless pans and these are fantastic
Just what we had been looking for!. My fiancee and I moved in together, but we had different ideas when it came to sleeping. She liked to use comforter and a sheet, where I am used to a duvet. This cover was perfect, it suited both our needs. It is soft and warm, and much simpler to clean on a day to day basis
Handle with Care!!. Extreme caution advised! These really are RAZOR sharp. I sell knives at Williams-Sonoma and I have cut myself on the Bunmei twice already. I take my job very seriously and am extremely careful when handling them, but still got cut. These are for pros, sushi chefs and those used to the blade on a Japanese knife. Very dangerous in the wrong hands. Very, very good choice if you really do want to precisely slice a lot of fish
Good quality. Very good garbage can. Easy to put together.  Less than 2 minutes. When closed the top is well sealed, so smells do not leak out.  The only thing that could be better is if the outside was finger print resistant
A nice waffle sticks maker. I ordered this remamufactured waffle sticks maker a week ago and got it today(with free shipping, took 8 days). It came with original package with dipping station and dipping cups as you see in the picture, pretty much like a new one. The Instruction booklet also included recipes: Basice, honey wheat, cinnamon brown sugar, oatmeal raisin, peanut butter, chocolate brownie, chocolate chip graham cracker cookie, banana granola, savory cheddar cornmeal waffle sticks, as well as a waffle sticks mix that you can keep it in your pantry to cut down the prepare time.I think this is a nice waffle maker, even though I had some problem removing the sticks out of the baking plate (this is my first time making it, maybe my batter was too thick), but this gave me a good chance to see how easy to clean this unit up. And it turnned out it wasn't that hard after the baking plates cooled down (Just for your information, this unit is not designed for you to take it apart for cleaning). The only thing is the front-next to the lid handle button, above the baking plate is still pretty hot after your sticks are ready. So, keep small kids away
Perfect storage for that giant bag of rice. This is the way to go for all your rice
LOUD BUT WORTH IT. I see all the reviews agree - IT IS LOUD - but I love it.I was able to sleep with it on HI speed - but can see how it would disturb some people.  It is very powerful - great for the bedroom - I often wake up hot or cold in the middle of the night - the four speeds & remote control are very convenient.
Love these plates!!!. I searched for a long time for plates to replace our every day china (after 12 years we were down a bunch of pieces, and I didn't want to pay for the replacements).  I ordered 4 sets, loving the shape and antiquing in the photos. They got here in 3 days, not a single chip or break, the color is better (more creamy) than it looks in the picture, and I love the weight and feel of it.  There are a few minor imperfections (a very small bubble here or there), but nothing that will harm the plate or user, and I love that they are all slightly different. I ordered one set to keep aside to replace breakage (3 kids)... but I love them so much I may order another so I get a good decade out of them
Knife sharpening. My wife used to complain about her dull knives.  I would sharpen them and a few days later she would complain again.  Now she can touch them up herself whenever she feels the need
They got it right!. Solid, firm, well made, works great, looks great.  It should hold up for several decades of use.  Well worth the price
They really do work!!. These hooks are incredible!!  I have used them throughout my home to hang heavy art work and mirrors, and the best part is that I can do it myself without waiting for my husband to get out his drill, hammer, leveler, etc.  I love them so much we have given them as house warming gifts, and everyone that has received them from us has been as amazed as we are by how effective and easy they are to use!  If you want a secure and quick way to hang anything on your walls without making a huge hole use these hooks!
A pretty good canister. I love Fiestaware and these canisters go perfectly in my kitchen. I like that they are large enough to get a decent amount of flour and sugar in them.  The seal seems really airtight, but I did accidently splash some water on the top of them, and the water did get into the canister.  They are easy to clean and look very classic
Excellent value. Excellent value for product.  Cheaper than buying in stores.almost half price (even when factoring in shipping cost!!!)EXACT SAME PRODUCT SOLD IN STORE
Great Storage. I bght these as I have a lot of junk in my wardrobe and needed to store them more neatly.... since I have moved out of my parents home I have realized how much trouble my poor mum must have had arranging my stuff :D But with these boxes I have no difficulty remembering where my stuff is :DQuality wise they are not bad at all for the price unless you use them too roughly.... I have had this for abt a month now and I am having no problems with it...
Does It All and Does It Well. Love this product!!  Got it after a powersurge in our area blew out my kitchen, I was left with a only a gas stovetop.  While I was waiting for the insurance and new appliances, I got this hoping for a microwave and maybe some convection.  This oven was a super surprise not only is it a great microwave it actually grills, bakes, roasts, and reheats like a dream, and faster than my conventional oven.  When you put a roast in this oven (yes I said a roast and I mean of beef, pork or a chicken even have done a turkey breast) you put it directly on the great Metal rack that comes with the oven.  The roasted piece of meat comes out crisp on the outside juicy inside and soooo quick.You can even microwave stuff sitting on the metal rack, crazy but it works perfectly, no sparks or anything!!Cleaning this is a breeze too!! The turntable come right out as well as the pedestal it sits on.  Both are metal and can go in the dishwasher if you want, After you take those out there is nothing in the oven but a lower range element like in a electric oven and that flips up and out of the way so you can wipe right under it.  The entire inside is shiny metal which cleans up with a sponge no scrubbing just wipe away and its clean.I was so surprised by how great this works and would buy it over and over.
Partners against slime...... I love these towels with Microban. My husband and I bought a set. We were especially curious about the statement that Microban fights against mildew, etc. And, now that we live in humid Houston, TX, we didn't want to have to wash our towels every other day. But, these are great! This Microban stuff works just as its claim. Now we just wish all of the other colors were available. We could only buy the crystal. Highly Recommend these towels!!
It's as beautiful as it is functional. I am not a coffe drinker myself but I make cofee, espresso and cappacino for my wife. The machine is easy to operate and quite stylish. It's also built to last a life time. I highly recommend this machine
WOW!. This is the first time I have ever cut an onion and not had any tears!  I will be telling everyone I know about these
Good buy. I used this form several times and it never failed. Easy to handle, non-stick surface works great. The only thing I dislike is result of silicone properties - it bends. So when I bake, the bottom of the form gets pressed against the cookie sheath which browns madeleines at the bottom a bit more than I would like. Otherwise, excellent
Very Nice. With the discount and free shipping of $29.99 of this 5 piece place setting, I got one whole set of the China which are very good in quality and much more pretty than in the pictures. I love it much
It's a no brainer. Pour in the water, add the coffee, and heat it up. It's simple and GOOD! Add some hot milk and you have a latte'
Compact MW. If you need a MW can fit "IN" your top (hang) cabinet, which 14" deep, this pocket size MW is the best one. Ideal for a small family, or a single person. Great for small dishes.Modern, sleek and neat look is also a plus.
Great for eyeglasses. My wife cleans her eyeglasses daily with this cleaner and loves it
Love the iSi Line. We love the iSi line of silicone kitchen gear.  Just wish it came in more colors
Close to Perfect Bookcase. I love this bookcase. My only problem with it is that the bottom right side slat of wood arrived split (a bit), but it still fit together, so I kept it (excuse the rhymes, please). It's amazing that despite being somewhat broken it still holds 60 books, including some big heavy hardcovers, 20 DVDs, 3 DVD box sets, 12 videotapes, and a few pictures and knicknacks. And yet it takes up hardly any space in my tiny bedroom. Best part: the ease with which you can put it together. I have MS, so being able to put furniture together by myself is a very big deal. Highly recommended
Cats Love It... It only took one day for my cats to fall in love with this.  It does make some funny sounds at times, but no leaking, and it is easy to refill, and I have no trouble at all with the reservoir at all!!  I have no regrets buying this fountain
Great space saver shoe tree. Weighted bottom is great.  This shoe tree could stand to be a little taller with more space between the shoe holders.  It is a little difficult for men's or women's large size shoes
Helped my cat with bladder stones!. This is a fabulous product! I've had it for about a month and it's been working great so far! I haven't even had to clean the filter. I just use filtered or distilled water and it runs perfectly. I also found you can add water to the extra dish, don't even need to take the dome off. My cats were hesitant at first, but both of them drink off the dome and dish now. I got it because one of my cats has bladder stones and needed to be encouraged to drink more. Now she does! It's great! Highly recommended
Furi Rachael Ray Diamond Fingers Knife Sharpener. Works well to sharpen knives and is a simple process.  Plastic case is cheesy/cheap and should be made sturdier.  Price should be lower due to the cheap plastic case
Great fan!. I was so pleased with this fan!  It has superb quality and provides strong cooling.  No better way to beat the heat--Holmes has lived up to my expectation of top notch product
Great cage for our parakeets. I purchased 2 of these cages and my first comment is that the picture of the cage is just what you are getting. It is hard to find a large cage for parakeets with the correct bar spacing so no one slips out. This cage was the answer for all of our needs. Not only is the bar spacing great for our paratkeets but there is lots of room. The stand that the cage sits on is very sturdy and does not wobble like a lot of cages that come with seperate stands. Assembly is also easy. The only time I had to pull out a tool was to put the stand together and that was very easy to do. If you are using this cage for parakeets you should use twisty ties to secure the doors even more. Parakeets love to lift the doors up and down and it is a matter of time before they realize they can also get out.The cage is also very nice for our parakeets because it has different levels that the birds love to explore.Great cag
This thing rocks. It makes the cleanest and purest coffee I have ever tasted.  I also use a Moka pot, A french press, and a drip  and only the press rivals the taste of this vacuum pot.  To those who had failures and could not get it apart, I have no idea what you are doing wrong, there is little to go wrong.  FIll the lower pot, put on the upper pot with grinds in it, heat it, watch the water infuse the grinds,, remove from heat and let it  go back down.  What is there to go wrong?If it fails to go back to the lower pot there must have been a vacuum leak, pull it apart and let gravity do it, or just stick something in it and dislodge the filter if you are in a hurry.    There is no vacuum up top so how the coffee got "stuck" up there defeats all I know about physics, just dump the stuff into the sink if it fails to go back through the filter; it is pretty simple.  If it doesn't work for you I'd call it user error, try again, If you can boil water this should pose no problemI have used it 100s of times with not one failure
Easy to install - water taste good. Very easy to install. We didn't have to buy any extra thing. We have used it for almost 1 year and we are happy with it. We like the size of it - not get in the way when we do the dishes. When you use the filter, just pull the button. Once you are done and shut off the water, it automatically switch the faucet back to the non-filter mode. Convenient
THE VERY BEST SPATULA. The Le Creuset Spatulas are the very best I have ever used. They will withstand extreme temperatures and with the handle removeable it saves the wood and makes it last even longer. A very very good product. Everyone  should have at least 4 in their kitchen
It's a dish drainer, and it drains dishes. ...What else do you need?  Nice quality, attractive -- I have had this for several months now and no sign of wear.  Plenty of room -- this is larger than the ever-popular rubber-coated Rubbermaid dish drainer everyone has (so don't think you're going to cram this thing in one side of your twin sink)
Excellent lights. The price is good and the lights work great. I own numerous lights. They are also pretty sturdy (my one year old daughter spent time knocking one around and it still works
WISH I COULD GIVE IT MORE STARS!. AFTER USING THE TYPICAL DEPARTMENT STORE BLENDERS ALL MY LIFE, USING THIS BLENDER IS A REAL TREAT. I USE IT MOSTLY FOR BEVERAGES SUCH AS SMOOTHIES ETC. THE DRINKS ARE GREAT, THE ICE IS WONDERFULLY BLENDED WITH THE OTHER INGREDIENTS, AND IT ONLY TAKES SECONDS
Very comfortable. I love my curiosity Mogu pillow, its very comfortable to sleep with and it is very cute. A must buy for anyone who ever likes Mogu in the slightest.
Beautiful Dinnerware!. I have just opened the three sets and they are beautiful.  They arrived in perfect condition and I cannot believe how fast the delivery was.  A perfect addition for our dinner table
Very good knife.. 4.5 stars. This is the knife I use everyday in the kitchen. Blade is the perfect size for pretty much doing everything and remains sharp for while, if honed regularly. It's also lighter than the chef's knife. My only complaint about the knife (therefore dropping it half a star) is that the blade is not perfectly straight,there's a slight curvature of the blade. This makes it a little difficult to do some tasks. Other than that, a very good knife
Eureka Mighty Mite review. Pros:1. Strong vacuum power. Excellent for my hardwood floor.2. Good value - cost vs. performance.3. Portable - fairly light.Cons:1. Vacuum bags are not popular, had to order them from on-line store
LOVE THIS TOASTER!. I ordered and recieved this toaster when I expected to.  I love it!  Its very cute and I love that every piece of toast comes out with Hello Kitty's face on it.  My nieces are going to go nuts over it when they come to visit!  I like that it also has a lot of options like defrost, reheat, and bagel.  I've never seen a toaster with defrost on it. It makes great toast and looks cute on counter
Happy Trails 30-Pound Capacity Pet Stroller. I have 2 small poodles, and they love riding in the stroller. My dogs total 9 pounds, so they have plenty of room in the stroller. I added a small blanket for them because the padding is not very thick-- that just made them feel more at home. The stroller is very easy to manage on the street. It folds up and fits in the car with ease. I am really pleased with mine.
Nothing wrong with it. It is good looking, functional, and not too expensive. A good all around piece for bath or kitchen.The $10 list price is over priced
I love this product. The Richell 94134 One-Touch Pet Gate 150 is awesome.  I'm so glad I paid the extra money.  The gate is actually wood and metal.  It is sturdy and relatively easy to assemble; depending on how wide the space is and what extra parts you'll need (they're all included).  The gate swings both ways and is easy to open and close
Waring Hotdog Griller. The Waring hotdog griller is awesome!!!  I have used it repeatedley since recieving it and will continue to do so many years to come.  It cooks hotdogs to PERFECTION!!  I have also used it to cook sausage links, large sausages, and brats!  Perfect for the home
Great Price....Classy Pattern. LOVE this china setting. A BARGAIN in comparison to other brands that could just as easily break or chip!!!!P.S. Hand wash to maintain the integrity of the platinum trimming
Excellent Value. My wife had wanted a Mickey Waffle Iron for 13 years.  I was too cheap to pay the $50-$60 that Disney was wanting for them. I found them on Amazon much cheaper, and have been impressed with the quality.  Works better than any waffle iron we have ever had!!
a happy customer. I am very happy with the purchase.  It was delivered promptly.  We like it.  It is simple and easy to use. No chemicals needed
very effective filter system. The best I ever seen and very powerful indeed, my tank keeps clean for more than a mont
How Can Something So LITTLE Work So Well?. Simply put?  I don't know HOW I used garlic before getting the E-Z-Roll Peeler.  It's extremely simple in design, easily rinsed off and stored, and most importantly?  I get to make dinner without SMELLING like it!  Definitely worth the price
twenty-five years of hard use. Twenty-five years of hard use, and eight children later, my Lecrueset cookware is still in excellent condition.  Now, I am adding some of those special pieces I could never afford.  Amazon is wonderful to work with.  Not only did I get a very good "buy", but all was delivered promptly and just in time for Christmas.  Families grow and grow...and Lecreuset has a size for everything.  Thanks so much.  Patricia Welte
well made products. I tried several toasters before finding this one.  All four people in our family like our toast, waffles and bagels toasted differently and this DeLonghi is making us all happy!  It toasts the cut side of a bagel and leaves the rounded side chewy and warm, it's soo good!  The toaster is fairly compact and light, yet sturdy and well made...get it
Great design and exceptional quality. I have been looking for a good non-stick skillet. I've used non-stick skillets from All-Clad and Calphalon but they all had one problem: peeling of the non-stick layer. I saw an unused All-Clad skillet from their new line at Williams-Sonoma and it had scratches on the non-stick surface.I found what I was looking for! This fry pan is excellent! It is made in Switzerland. It is big. The outside diameter is 13" and the bottom is almost 9 3/4". It requires a large burner. I have a Miele electric cooktop which has a burner large enough for this skillet. I have tried it over a smaller burner and it worked as well. The food browned evenly over the surface of the skillet. The cleaning is easy. I only have a small issue with the lid. The lid assembly was easy. However, during washing water gets into the steam vent and then it comes out after the lid is dried. It takes few drying sweeps to avoid water streaks on the lid.Overall, I am very pleased with this skillet. I am looking forward to getting more skillets from Swiss Diamond.
Swing away -Best can opener. I have tried several different brands of can openers.  Swing away is consistently the best.  When my last swingaway broke after 8 years use, I tried about 3 different brands.  None opened cans as easily.  So I ditched those others and am back to using my swingaway.
holds up great!. Man, I have washed this duvet cover several times, and it is holding up quite well!  The whole reason I got this was to easily wash the cathair and dirt off it frequently, as my husband gets allergies pretty easily.  It gets washed probably every 2-3 weeks, and while it is not real soft (wasn't real soft fabric to begin with), it is holding up great, not fading or thinning or anything
Absolutely Awesome. I actually ordered these knives for my husband as a gift but found I love them just as much as he does.  They were on the pricy side but it goes with the saying "you get what you pay for".  They are of great quality and really make if fun to chop, slice & dice. I highly recommend!!
Awsome Gadget. This is an excellent product. I bough this as a gift for a very good friend. She needs "white noise" to help her fqall asleep. This device works wonders
Spice rack that rules. This rack holds the heck out of a bunch of spices.
The cookware I've always wanted. Over the years, my wife and I have tried all sorts of cookware. We have a good set of Calphalon stainless-steel cookware, but we've never mastered the art of cooking sticky dishes such as eggs without a non-stick pan. We've tried every type of non-stick pan we've encountered. Some are non-stick for a short time only before the surface gets mucked up. Our best Teflon pans, such as those by Calphalon, seem to remain non-stick for a very long time with careful cleaning, but recently we've learned that when heated, Teflon (PFOA) cookware outgases chemicals that are definitely not good for you. (An advisory committee has recommended that the EPA classify PFOA as a possible carcinogen.)Swiss Diamond is PFOA-free and fantastically non-stick. We've used our two skillets extensively to cook eggs and to brown meat, and they look and work like new. Nothing sticks. Omelets are easy to prepare. Cleanup is a breeze. The lids have vents that can be opened or closed, a useful feature. The manufacturer says you can use metal utensils, but we've stuck with plastic, so I can't say how they'll hold up to contact with metal. I can't recommend Swiss Diamond cookware too highly. It is the stuff I've been looking for for decades
Wireless Vacuum. I live in a motor home and conventional vacuum cleaners are large and require storage. This vacuum is wireless, hangs on the wall in its charger and is ready for use whenever needed. No outlet required. It does a perfect job and is easy to clean.
A MUST HAVE in our house. We have six ferrets and wanted some way of cleaning out the litter box (we have to clean it completely out twice daily due to 6 of them) without having an odor in the house. This does the trick. You fill it with the waste, turn the knob, close the lid and no smell. Plus, they can't knock it over when they are running around or get into it. I love it so much that I'm getting my Mom one for her cat, and would get any cat/ferret/small animal owner one
Excellent product. Excellent spatual.  Durable. Does a great job of getting everything out of the mixing bowl
Riedel Wine Glass Travel Case. Smart looking case that properly holds and protects your fine stemware. Can hold 4 Vinum Bordeaux--great for a night out at your favorite BYOB
Simple and Perfect!. This Rice Cooker has a non-stick bowl, which makes clean-up a cinch! The indicator light is red when cooking and green when warming. It cooks the rice perfectly every time. Also this cooker is small and easy to store.
Stop searching for a good toaster, bite the bullet and buy one!. I love my Dualit!Our old toaster died one Sunday morning so Monday I started searching for a new one.  We had a Cuisanart - and I had planned on buying the same brand of toaster maybe just a 4 slot version until I read the reviews.  The one that was on sale at the local department store (for $100)got miserable reviews on Amazon, so I searched and searched and searched and the only toaster that got consistantly good reviews is the Dualit.I ended up purchasing a refurbished Dualit on another website for about half the price.  I'm not one to skimp on kitchen appliances or gadgets, but spending over $200 on a toaster seemed a bit extreme.  Now that I've received it I've decided it's worth every penny.  If it breaks tomorrow, I'd definitely run right out and spend pay full price to replace it.I love the fact that operates completely different than any other toaster out there.  It's best to preheat it - but once you do you can put in pieces of bread one right after another with consistant results.  None of the problems you have w/American toasters when they get heated where the first piece is perfect, the next is too light, and the next comes out more like a piece of bread and so on.The other thing I love is the fact that you raise and lower the bread when the timer goes off, versus the American toasters where you push the toast down to activate the toaster.  That stupid push button/latch mechanism has been the death of every toaster I've ever owned.  I was playing with a couple of the Cuisanarts at the department store and on both units it was broken - just from store use, let alone actual use!Now back to the price again.  My sister who doesn't appreciate good kitchenware swears by cheap toasters because she "can replace them every couple of years when something breaks".  I started to think back on my old Cuisanart that I loved.  I received it as a shower gift when we were married 8 years ago and at the time it was about $60.  It was a great toaster and if you averaged it out it cost about $8 a year to own.  So - given that, if I replaced a cheap toaster every other year, I doubt I could find a $16 toaster even at a discount store that would last more than a year.  Hopefully I haven't cursed my Dualit but if so, like I said earlier, I'd replace it with a full priced non-refurbished any day.  Buy one, you'll be happy you did.
Fiestaware Fan!. Last holiday season, I received this Fiestaware Scarlet dinnerware set as a gift. I absolutely love these dishes. They are strong, look wonderful, and put a smile on my face every time I open my cupboard at mealtime. Not one dish has chipped or cracked and the color is even and vibrant. I find the size of each item comfortable to use. The fact that they are dishwasher and microwave safe is just another wonderful bonus. Now I am looking forward to adding more pieces to my collection. Buy this set! The quality and price can't be beat!!
Paul is still alive. Before I knew it "Paul" was on my doorstep.  Having ruined my previous skillet by leaving on the heat with nothing in it, I needed a new one fast.  After checking locally and not being able to find one, I sent Amazon on my search. Having owned Reverwear pans since 1953 (they were given to me as wedding presents) I decided to keep the set complete.  The skillet is just great!!Paul Revere still live
Sango Nova Brown 4 Piece Hostess Set. The product is exactly what I ordered.  However, the first shipment was not properly packed and arrived broken.  Replacement was prompt with no hassle.
Does what it advertizes. Ideal for one person use. Definitely removes any odor from water. Looks quite good. Does not taste too different/better than normal water but there definitely is a difference. It very well suited for my student life
What a Gem!. After lots of searching both on-line and at retail stores for a HEPA air cleaner that wouldn't break my budget, I was skeptical at first when I purhcased this Hamilton Beach HEPA air filter with UV germacidal light.  Retail stores were selling similar units for three times this price, they were very heavy, replacement filters cost a fortune and I was discouraged. I gave this Hamilton Beach unit a try, and I adore it. It's very lightweight (so I can move it around, until my other unit arrives), works amazingly well. I love the dirty air sensor and automatic adjustment sensor.  The 'wisper mode' is really quite and provides great 'white noise' for sound sleep.  As a doctor, I have recommended this product to my patients with allergies and sleeping problems.  A real HEPA filter and UV germacidal for this price, some deals REALLY ARE as too good to be true.  So, stop looking, you've found the right product.  The only slight problem I had was in setting it up, but I just needed to read the directions better.  Oh, and the unit arrived faster than I anticipated.
Nice little vacuum for the money. The low price and good reviews are what lead me to buy this vacuum.  It is lightweight, does a good job on hard floors. The suction for carpets doesn't seem that great - it does not pick up any lint on my area rugs.  If you have mostly hard flooring, then this is a good pick. Would not recommend for carpets though
First Impressions. Having used Hoover products in a commercial environment for many years I have had great service from them, providing many years of dependable and powerful operation.  We were excited to try out this "new" Hoover model.  One of the first things I have noticed about it over the previous Windtunnel Model is that it is heavier when you release the handle to vacuum.  This may bother some, but I see it as a testament to it's improved build quality over the Gen.1 Windtunnel.  This machine is very powerful and it's dual turbine motor has a confident sound.  I'll be curious to see how reliable the cord rewinder is.  It is a nice feature though. I'll post back after the machine has had more use to see how reliable it is.**UPDATE**After having spent some time and use with this machine here are my experiences...Two very glaring problems with the machine are that it1) Lacks a bag full indicator.  The bag filled on this machine, and then busted (unknowlingly) at the top around the bag collar.  "Stuff" went all over the inside of the bag chamber and sucked into the motor filter.  It took another vacuum to clean the mess up.  In the future I will be more attune to the sound of the vacuum and the weight of the handle, indicating how full the bag is getting.2)  The cord rewinder is a nice feature, but truly lacks quality.  It will not hold the cord unless it is placed in the cord keeper on the back of the machine and also fails to fully rewind without assistance.  A stronger recoil spring would really make a positive difference.3)  Dust and dirt get lodged under the pulley guard on the main vacuum head, not that it presents a problem, but it's unsightly and the bottom plate must be removed from the machine to clean out the dust.Beyond these minor issues the machine continues to perform well and without problems or breakdowns.
good cleaner. I didn't know what to get to clean my coffee maker (the coffee was starting to taste really gross), but I'm glad I found this stuff. It worked really well, it's easy to use, and it works for both my drip coffee maker and my espresso machine
good bargain  - nice machine. I wanted a mid-range sewing machine with some flexibility, and this is the machine. I sews quickly and flawlessly, and is super easy to learn. It seems well made, and very intuitive to learn.  I love the computerized stitch selection - so easy to change stitch length and width. I've had no problems with winding the bobbin as in previous Singer machines. I love the fact that it comes with a quilting table and a case, too, what a deal.  It seems to me to be a good, basic machine that would be great for a beginner or intermediate sewer.  I've made several purses since I bought this machine, and they stitched up very well.  Good selection of presser feet with this machine, as well. Easy to thread and easy to wind the bobbin. The bobbins are readily available everywhere, so I bought a dozen for $2 so that I could keep plenty wound and ready to go. This machine is very light and easy to carry around - that's a big plus for someone like me who has to sew at the kitchen table. I could have rated the machine 5 stars, but haven't had it long enough to really have super deep feelings about it, so far I'd just say it seems to be a good mid-range machine and I would recommend it. My other machines have been an expensive Singer (nothing but trouble), a budget Brother, and a Baby Lock Serger.
This Rocky delivers a knockout!. I have had my Rocky doserless grinder for nearly nine months and I have never regretted the purchase.  This is one of the premier prosumer grade coffee grinders and delivers consistent quality for espresso through drip and (almost) up to press pot.  It is solid, relatively quiet - I use mine in my office at a small university and do close my door to muffle the noise a little more - and a great option for grinding for each individual shot of espresso.  Plus, its compact form factor and mechanical-cool look mean Rocky can sit on the corner of my desk, next to the Gaggia Factory lever machine that it serves.The highlights of the Rocky are its solidity and quality, its ease of adjustment, and in the case of this doserless model, its ability to grind for each dose of espresso or brew with minimal holdover of grounds.  Because the path from burrs to chute is so short and unobstructed, I can rap the side when I am done and dislodge any leftover grounds, or simply remove the two screws holding in the chute to use a brush to clear it.  The metal hoop below is perfect for holding a Gaggia or Pavoni portafilter when grinding, and can be removed with one quick tug to allow you to grind into a filter, press pot, or bag.  Rocky's weight keeps it steady - it is no flimsy lightweight - and I personally like that the power switch and grind switch are separated on the doserless model.  Having the grind switch on the front is convenient.The only things keeping Rocky from getting five stars have to do with the grind settings.  On the coarse end of the adjustment, Rocky just doesn't quite make it to a real french press grind.  This is an issue that was noted on coffeegeek reviews and which I didn't care about when I bought the machine, but which I now wish I had considered.  Also, and this is a niggling point, the grind adjustments are stepped, not stepless.  In a perfect world, I like to think that all grinders should be stepless like the Mazzer Mini that I occasionally get to play with.  That said, the steps are close enough that I have not found a problem in getting the grind I desire, and the system of a release button on the collar that adjusts the burrs is slick and simple.If you are in the market for a top end consumer coffee grinder, take a good long look at the doserless Rocky.  When a Mazzer Mini would be overkill (and overpriced), but you want something closer to commercial grade than a Solis Maestro, Rocky hits the sweet spot
Filters and humidifier are great. The filters last for 2-3 months for us.  Simply add bacteriostatic treatment to the water in the tank.  I get it at WalMart.  It keeps bacteria from growing in the water.  We've been using these for 3 years now, and have never had an issue with smell, algae, or mold.  I love them
Air Purifier. Product works well.  Noticing a huge difference.  Didn't come with the bonus car ionizer, but i heard that doesn't do much so I don't really care
~~~L O V E  I T!!!!~~~~. I am a kitchen nut!...love to cook and bake and my kithen is filled with Kitchenaid appliances!..the only regret I have is that I didnt purchase this gem sooner...Great Immersion Blender worth the extra money!..and great for chopping nuts when you only need a small amount for a recipe..I cant wait to make my pesto in it this summer...Thanks Amazon!..great price!..
VERY EFFECTIVE!. As one who has battled shaving issues for more than half of my life with everything from dermatologists' treatments to alternative/homeopathic remedies to OTC creams, I've found NOTHING to be more effective than Tend Skin. I, too, have scrutinized the ingredients with skepticism, but, in the end, IT ACTUALLY WORKS FOR ME
Professional cook certified, excellent... I have cooked for over ten years professionally. My 10&quot; Henckel Chef's Knife has been my best friend. I have literally used this knife so much that I have a callus all the way across my right hand from standing over a cutting board for 10 plus hours a day. I admit there are other blades that are comparable such as those by Wusthof, but this brand has never failed me. I have 7 other Four Stars and they are all quality through and through. Razor sharp is not an exageration either, after running these blades over a oil stone you can literally shave with them. Touch up the edge on a steel before starting each job through the day and the edge is good for weeks, depending upon usage. Like other reviews I have read, I agree, DO NOT PUT THESE BLADES IN THE DISHWASHER. The finish on the handles starts pealing off if the are put into the dishwasher. Besides they are stainless steel and need only be wiped off with bleach-water and thoroughly scrubbed down at the end of the day or after a really messy job like cutting desserts. With care this blade should last any professional at least 5 years in a high volume shop. One last point I would convey. Take care to not allow this type of hard steel blade to fall or get dropped on a hard surface floor such as the usual kitchen tiles used in most restaurants. Any large blade made from hardened steel is inherently brittle. I have actually seen a 10&quot; Henckel, not mine thank God, break into three pieces when it fell off a counter in one of the restaurants I have worked in
An excellant personal fan. This small fan has 4 speeds and I use it by my computer , it has been very hot this year, We have some big fans but this one makes a good personal fan, and best of all it has remote control,and the price was right
Much more than a pizza pan. Maybe because I didn't purchase this a a pizza pan, it has so many more uses.  The only restriction is to heat it up as you would a cast iron pan, slow and steady.  This pan stays on my range at all times.  Pancakes, bacon, heat up vegetables, a quick chicken breast,so many uses and such a great price!  Mario has done it again
My best suitcase ever!. Wow, what can I say about the Margaritaville Frozen Concoction Maker Bag.This was the best purchase ever made,it makes my party life a whole lot eaiser. With its padded sides and easy zippers it makes it a whole lot easier to manage when I've had a few to many.If you are lucky enough to own a Margaritaville Frozen Concoction Maker I stongly recomend purchasing this item for to reasons,one it protects one your greatest investments and two, it just looks so cool when you walk in to your next margarita party
Sleek, Modern, and Practical. I originally ordered a Big Dot Board as a gift... but decided to keep it for myself. Now I'll need another!I'm impressed with its simple, yet versatile practicality. Highly recommended
Fagor Duo 10 Qt. Pressure Cooker/Canner. I am so pleased with the Fagor Duo 10 Qt. Pressure Cooker/Canner.  It is easy to use and the instructions were easy to follow.  Delivery was quick and the price was right.  Don't know how I lived without it for so long.  I use it every night after work and my dinners are fantastic.  I highly recommend this product.Thanks Amazon.com!Louis
Beautiful and inexpensive. I actually bought this set at LS Ayres, not Amazon, but I paid the same price and I love it!!!  It is beautiful, and you would never know its price from looking at it - it shines just like my more expensive china!
Great glass. I only drink bourbon and I found the riedel glasses to enhance the enjoyment of my favorite spirit over just using a shot glass. You spend quite a bit on some of the better bottlings, so why not drink in style and and get the most enjoyment out of it. They are a good buy and with amazons shipping you'll get them faster with less expense
Nice but a little light. The steak knives look just as pictures. They cut through pork chops easily. I love having some better steak knives. They are seemless which makes the look and feel good. My only comment is that they feel rather light as the handles are hollow. I'd prefer something with a little more balanced weight in my hand. My friend also noted that the weight was rather light
Great Microwave. This is a great microwave.  Works great and it's stainless steel..
Looks and Works Great. I was surprised as to how well this item actually worked when we opened and started using it.  I purchased this as a 'filler' gift for my wife for Christmas.  Knowing that it was a gadjety gift I did not have high expecations.  We used this for fun and found out how easy it is to use and how cleanly it removes the cork.  It opens many bottles on one charge, although we have not yet tried to prove the box statement correct that it opens 30 bottles on one charge.Good for a person who struggles with conventional wine openers and breaking corks.The bonus wine chiller is stylish and functional
Sango Nove Brown. Easy to handleAdds to an attracted table settingUsefulDurabl
Maybe it's just me..... .... But I'm quite pleased with this little gizmo. And that is coming from a slightly different perspective;See, I'm a semi-pro cook. I back up the line cooks when we get slammed, do a lot of prep and generally put the tools to work. And at work, we have a pro-grade Cuieeze. And Waring bar blenders, etc.This isn't one of those. If you want to puree a wildebeeste, this isn't the tool.Or make Margaritas for the Jimmy Buffet fan club. Or, for that matter, make bread ( use a Kitchenaid mixer for that- I do ) or shred enough carrots for a busy salad bar. You'll destroy it fast.On the other hand, a Waring bar blender plus an industrial Cuieeze and a top of the line KitchenAid stand mixer will set you back the better part of $1000 US. If you want something inexpensive to chop garlic plus shallots for one meal, shred some cheese or a few potatoes fast( which is why it has a feed tube, folks, for that shredding blade) , make frozen dacquiris for four ( add ice gently ) or general household use, it's a pretty good machine.Breaking the plastic? Well, don't drop it on the floor or overwork it. At the restaurant, we coarsely chop stuff before we put it in the industrial Cuieeze. Otherwise it hangs on the blade and goes wild and doesn't chop well. Same with this:  cut your shallots in half, chunk your onion or whatever, it'll do fine. Wash it gently with a sponge, don't chuck it in the sink hard...real cooks don't do that with the expensive stuff. You shouldn't with your inexpensive baby Cuieeze.Okay, enough of that - go cook something -
Sunny Bright. Everyday when I see this bright yellow butter dish sitting on the table I think of a sunny summer day with yellow snapdragons in the garden and hummingsbirds drinking dectar from the flowers.
TERRIFIC!. I ordered this to make my husband happy- he loves it! Not only does it look great, it is very functional. The base is heavy enough to allow one-handed tearing of the towels. This is a great looking useful item in my kitchen
My 10 inch Classic Shun. Well I will start off by saying that the nice lady who sent me this Knife too Canada charged me next too nothing and sent it air mail which she did out of purely great customer service. The knife arrived within the 3 days that the estimated arrival was expected to be and the box was undamaged. The knife is well.. its a Shun..that says it all but i will tell you this.. I ran it along my arm for a second just too find that it was shaved as close with one swipe as my face would be when i use a new mach 3 turbo blade. I folded over a rag 5 times so there was 10 layers of a semi-thick rag and with little too no effort this knife cut through all 10 layers and actually cut into the table. I would recommend not even sharpening this knife for 3 months and when u do be very careful not too damage this wonderful knifes edge.. 100% satisfied with The Handy House and the customer sevice I recieved from them. Will recommend them to anyone I know that wants a knife.. I look forward too doing more business over my career in the kitchen and years too come..Thanks Handy House.. Tim from Nanaimo BC Canad
A Great Beginning. This knife block is wonderful for people who are just beginning a collection of good knives.  After years with only one or two "good knives" in the house we've finally replaced them all with a number of very nice Wusthof Culinar and Japanese ceramic knives...none of which we wanted to have out on the counter in a block!  The Henckels 13-Slot In-Drawer Knife Tray is well crafted and all the features it does have are wonderful - the combination of longer and shorter slots, the center slot for a sharpening piece.  My only complaints are similar to those already stated: there's no place for shears and there's not enough room for any steak knives if you actually have a decent assortment of regular knives.  I definitely recommend this product, but if you have the room and a lot of cutlery buy two
Excellent purchase. My wife was very pleased with the tangerine fiesta ware!  She now has two sets of it and plans on purchasing more.
Just as described! Thanks!. The items were just as described and shipped quickly. Thank you very much
Great Little Gadget!!. I bought roomba last year and I love it!! I have laminate floors and it just made cleaning them effortless, literally, you hit power and which level you want and it goes. So when I heard about Scooba I desperately wanted one, but I read that they were not safe for laminate floors. After months of trying to find reviews saying anything about laminate floors, I finally found one. The truth is, scooba leaves a trail of water behind it as it goes, but it dries in less than five minutes, and it has made life so much easier. I highly recommend Scooba (and Roomba)!! I especially recommend them for pet owners whose pets hate when they do housework (like my yorkie who barks at any form of housework, especially mops and vacuums). They do a great job of cleaning up, and even amuse my puppy!Also don't be worried about the "remanufactured" irobots they're great, no problems and they save you money in the process. Happy Scooba-ing!!
Perfect filter!. I received this filter when I acquired a 125 gallon freshwater tank.  They had two on the system.I purchased new carbon bags and rinsed the filters and sponges and it is the BEST filter I have ever had, and that's a lot of filters.I usually use biowheels, which are wonderful but they are splashy and loud.  The Aquaclears are not loud plus have an adjustable flow which is a HUGE benefit alone.They are perfect as you can add media just like you could a canister filter, as it has a media basket instead of cartridges.  It's really brilliant!I will certainly be purchasing the smaller versions for my future tanks, the rest are set up w/ biowheels.  My hospital tank will be sporting a new aquaclear very soon as it's in the bedroom and these filters are very quiet.HIGHLY RECOMMEND!!!!
Ordering a Second!. This has been a fantastic addition to my ever-growing CD collection.  I have over 800 CDs and I'm buying a second cabinet exactly like the first, this Leslie Dame Mission Style Cabinet.  I haven't experienced any of the quality issues that two of these customers have.  My walnut finish is great, the knobs are great and the balance on the doors is exceptional.  Enough so that I'm spending another $300 bucks on one...that should tell you something
does what it is supposed to do. I am very pleased with this item.  Heats very quickly and is of solid construction.  The handle configuration enables easy handling and operation without having to touch the sides of the pot.  My only complaint is that it doesnt hold as much water as I would have liked.I have owned two other water kettles and this one is the best.
Real Classy. This Cuisinart Skillet is the "top of the line" as far as I'm concerned, and I treat it royally.  It has such a good solid feel to it.  The heat spreads evenly.  What can I say?  I just love it.I also bought the 12 inch skillet, which is just the thing for those bigger jobs.  Boy, I feel like the "Queen of the Hut".These skillets are certainly a good investment
no more starbucks!. It's the best invention ever! I have one at work, one at home, and bought 3 for gifts-it will change your life
4 Quart Stainless Steel Pressure Cooker. With the price of processed food rising, it is often best to get back to basics.  The pressure cooker allows cooking both tough meats and (soaked) beans in a fraction of usual times, so we find it both fast and nutrious to use.   Presto cookers seem to be among the best to use, and we use our often because they are reliable and no more trouble than any ordinary pot.  In fact, we'd be limited without ours
Warm or Toasty - Take ur Pick. Got this off of friday sale on amazon for Thirty bucks plus ten for shipping. It looks great & works just as well. As someone mentioned earlier, it has two heat setting High(1500 watts) & low(750 watts), & then there's the thermostat which looks like the analog tuning dial for old radios. Its all part of the "retro" look. Not bad at all. We'll see how many winters it pulls through before it breaks..
Favorite toy. This is both of my cat's favorite toy, hands down.  On top of being able to fill the pouch with fresh catnip whenever I so please, orange is supposedly all cat's favorite color as it is most visible to them.  Why, I don't know, but both of my cats do always go for the orange version of any toy they are presented with.BIG hit
Saving the summer for winter days. We used this little item to save our vegetables from our garden.  I shopped around and this was the most flexible for the best price.  It has lived up to our expectations: any size bag, from 1/4 cup to 2 gallon with the ability to use the vacuum for dry items or not for liquids.  The instructions could have been a little clearer.  I did have to read them twice before really getting what they said, but overall this was a great buy
A Great Economical Iron. This is the best iron ever.  It doesn't come w/all the fancy buttons and it doesn't turn itself off, but if you drop it, it won't scatter into a million pieces.  It's heavy and it can get very hot (if you want) so it gets the wrinkles out and you don't have to press down hard.  It can last for years and years and it won't cost you an arm and a leg
Pizza Pans. Good quality pans; however, if you want a crispy bottom, you won't get it unless you take the pizza off the pan and place directly on the oven rack. Good for pre-baking homemade crusts though.
Great Deep Fryer. The Presto Fryer is a great fryer. I especially like that it has two baskets that can be used at the same time for different foods. The baskets hook onto the fryer for draining so oil doesn't drip everywhere. Heat up is quick and it doesn't fry the food to hard or to fast. The only thing I don't like is that the heating element sits inside the fryer instead of being on the outside requiring the oil to be drained each time or the element must be stored seperately from the fryer.
Salton "Hot Spot" Mug with Warmer. This is so handy. Usually I have to reheat my coffee a couple of times before  I finish drinking it.  I ordered 3. One for myself and two to give as gifts
Pasta Maker. I think this is an excellent product.  Easy to use and clean.  Makes large batches at a time.  I thought the price was great compared to other online stores
works great. I bought this for an older, finicky cat who needed to drink more. The pump is silent! without vibration to the outer casing. At the lowest setting, the water gently pours out but can be set to high & have a real bubbling flow.Make sure you rinse the charcoal filter before use. Make sure you replace it every 6-8 weeks depending on your own water pollutants because charcoal can only absorb so much before it begins releasing those pollutants back into the water. Anybody with aquarium experience, knows about this.Don't be lazy! clean the thing at least once a week... & remember to rinse the filter then too. And a nice trick is to place a clean ping-pong ball in the drinking section because the water makes it rotate & that gets the most stubborn kitties curious enough to come over & check things out.
Love cooking with my Deni. The electric pressure cooker is the way to go.  Having had the non electric for many years, I find that the electric model is pretty much hands off once you set it to cook.It counts down and shuts off on it's own.  I like the quick release valve too.
the best little broom. If you want a small very light weight easy to use vacuum-broom this is it.As a vacuum it has a powered brush, push a button and brush turns off and machine becomes a great broom for hard floors.  Everyone should have one.As a joke, I told wife it was a Valentine present.  Turns out every time she uses it she reminds of the great gift I gave her!EDG
Favorite kitchen tool. These little scissors are unbelievable...they cut a whole chicken and open plastic packages equally. This is the second pair I have owned...the only need for replacement was due to my significant other misplacing the first pair
Not Just For Dessert. This cart is beautiful and easy to assemble.  We used it to move a computer from one room of our apt to another, with all the stuff on its desk, and it rolls easily on the big casters.  Great for moving things around!  It holds a lot, and the rails around the shelves help things not to fall off.  Handles weight well, too.  Wish I'd had one of these years ago
Make my stove look great. It's so pretty and looks so nice on my stove
nice and thin. love the Corelle, it stacks easily, and fits nice in dishwasher.I bought 3 sets, and now have everyday service for 12 for under one hundred bucks!! Love the mugs, they are ceramic, tall, and a really nice cup to wrap both hands around in February in Chicago. Pattern is simple, yet has a bit of flare with the red accent. BUY !!!
Excellent product!. We recieved our coat rack as requested in an extremely efficient manner.  We currently use it in our hot tub area as a towel/robe rack and love it!
Good value!. The motor is really powerful and the option of 3 jars is very handy. Food Processor works really well. Am very happy with this purchase
Fun soup bowls save my lunch when the phone rings. These bowls are ideal for spaghetti or soup and so many things. I like the wide lip that helps prevent spilling and drippng. I also appreciate being able to reheat in the microwave. So often when I am having a nice bowl of soup on a cold day the phone rings and my meal gets cold. I don't like having to pour it out of the dish and reheat it then pour it back. Now I just pop it in the microwave and I'm back on track with lunch. I chose the periwinkle color but think I should try other colors too. They are fun to have around and easy to clean afterwards in the dishwasher
End Table. This item was just what I wanted.  It's sturdy, easy to put together and seems very durable.  I really enjoy the look and the shelf on the bottom.  I was looking for an affordable light colored wood table
Love My Tagine. I ordered this following a vacation trip to Morocco. WHY DIDN"T I BUY ONE IN MOROCCO ? I was impressed with the Moroccan style of Tagine cooking but wasn't sure I could count on a lead-free glazes on the Tagines at the markets or shops. I was told the cooking Tagines were plain terra cotta and the decorative ones were for serving only. Before I ordered my Le Creuset Tagine, I put up several jars of salted preserved lemons. When the Tagine arrived I was surprised to find a lighter weight bottom than the normal Le Creuset enamel over cast iron cookware and a heavy pottery chimey top. I read reviews, suggestions and recipes  on line and decided to try a chicken, lemon and olive tagine as my first dish. I combined the cooking instructions that came from Le Creuset with a recipe I got in Morocco. When I watched tagine cooking in Morocco, at various stages of cooking, they set the chimey top of the tagines on the edge of the base and ocassionally  removed it from the  base. I observed the cooking process done on small burners over glowing coals and on wood fired stove tops.  When I made  the chicken tagine, I use a FLAME TAMER (a star shaped wire that sits on the electric burner of a stove and dispurses the heat). I watched the tagine and adjusted the lid/cone as needed to more closely replicate the Moroccan style of cooking in my home kitchen. The result was fabulous. Great if you love to cook and fuss with food as I do.
Exactly what I needed. This tumbler is great for kids with different taste.  My kids now prepare their own smoothies
Works perfectly!!. I bought this for my husband and he absolutely loves it.  It is top quality.  The way it tilts back makes it so easy to keep the meat on the tray.  It comes apart easily for cleaning. I'd give it my highest recommendation
essential for tea drinkers. the other reviews say it all, if you drink tea, and especially if you love the variety of teas that require distinct temperatures then you will derive amazing benefits from this product.  i highly recommend it.  i own two of them, and it keeps me all tea'd up all day
A great buy!. The Reidel decantur not only looks great but is very functional. No drips
Great for smaller cherries. I bought this cherry pitter as a Christmas gift for my parents who have several cherry trees on their property. Given that it was December in MN, we tried the pitter with cherries we bought at the market and found that many of them (and their pits) were slightly too big to fit through the hopper easily. I have used this model in the past with home-grown cherries, which are smaller, and it worked great. This is a pretty cheap kitchen tool, so even if all of the cherries don't work, it's still worth it...as anyone who has pitted cherries by hand would agree
Really good pan. I really lilke the springform pan. The offset surface allowed me to remove my cheesecake from the pan with easem, and the dark surface aborbed more heat in the oven and there was better color on the cheesecake than that of other pans I have used.The size was just perfect for a small cheesecake, so if you don't bake much and don't want to have a lot of leftovers, buy this pan. Just remember to scale down the recipe accordingly.A note of caution, I am not the athority on whether or not it is actually leak proof. It has been my experiencee that all springform pans leak, so I always wrap them in tin foil. The pan did show the least traces of leakage of the springform pans I have, though
Good product. This product looks great on my counter and is effective at prolonging the life of my garlic.  Amazingly, it arrived with no breaks or chips despite the fact that it was poorly packed by the manufacturer (just a thin cardboard box with no padding).  The only real gripe I have is that the lid does not sit flush on the top of the keeper.  The hole at the top of the keeper is not perfectly round so the lid sits tilted to one side.  This does not take away from the effectiveness of the product since garlic requires air circulation, but it detracts from its aesthetic qualities - one of the reasons why I picked this particular product in the first place.  If it were not for the flawed lid, I would have given this product a five-star rating.
Great product!!. This transactions was great.  Fast shipping.  My cat loves it!! Thank you
LOVE THESE SHEETS. I had bought a set of sheets on close-out at Tuesday Mornings several years ago. My husband and I loved them but could not find any more. I do not like the silky thin sheets. These are heavy, crisp and exactly the feel we were looking for. The fit is perfect and these sheets should last for many years to come.Our adult daughter loves it when we buy new sheets because she gets the old broken-in sheets. She will not get these for some time.Great price and sheets.
Worth every penny!. This extra reservoir has been a life saver. I only have to fill the water dish every other day. With two cats and a large dog, this is a good thing
Keeps the Teenagers Happy. I purchased this deep fryer after doing considerable research on-line.  I wanted one with a good capacity and that would be reliable.  It has surpassed my expectations.  We have been using it for over a month.  The initial use was to fry chicken tenders for a large party.  15 lbs. of chicken tenders were fried in no time with very little oil useage.  Since that time we have fried okra, french fries, tater tots, onion petals, cheese sticks and even did fried ice cream.  All have turned out very well.  It holds a little shy of 1 gallon of oil.  This heats up in about 10 minutes.  There is an indicator light to let one know when it is up to temperature.  Once frozen food is put in the oil quickly comes back up to temperature.  This produces crisp foods with no oily taste and very little oil useage.  It has a breakaway magnetic cord to keep it from accidently being pulled off of the counter. It cleans up as easily as can be expected.  I just put the basket and the oil resevoir in the dishwasher.  The food can be lowered into the oil with the lid in place.  This keeps oil spatters to a bare minimum.I have been very happy with my purchase.  So have the hoards of teenagers that gather at my house.  There has even been one instance when THEY brought the food and did their own frying.Although frying is not the most healthy way to prepare food at least with this deep fryer it is easy, quick, tasty, nearly mess-free and about as grease free as possible.  While this one costs a bit more than others on the market I certainly feel as though I am getting my money's worth
A little bit of outdoors, indoors... We've been using toys like this for a couple of years now - they're all wonderful, and Da Bird is no exception.  Just like you can see in the customer pictures, cats will leap, flip, charge, sneak, ambush and kill the feathers on the featherstick with total abandon.  And it IS total, so be careful where you play with it - your cats won't be beyond leaping into the air and coming down hard on something that'll hurt them.For indoor cats especially, this toy is truly invaluable.  Exercise and hunting are great for stress relief and health for kitties, and Da Bird is a wonderful way to give them both - by the time our kitty's chased this thing down for a few minutes, she's gasping for breath and well exercised.  It's not just a toy, it's a healthy work-out for your indoor kitty!When you buy it, though, make sure to pick up some spare feathers - after the feathers have endured too much abuse, they just won't fly and flutter the way they did new, and although our cat still likes them they don't excite and captivate her the way fresh feathers will.  New feathers transform it into a whole new toy, though.Highly recommended for anyone who likes to play with their cat; and doubly, for anyone who wants to give their indoor cats a good run-around and some great exercise
Great First Machine. I purchased this as a gift for my 12 year old for her birthday, she is a great fan of the TV design shows and wanted a machine to work on her "Projects".The machine is small but has a cute retro look about it (very important to a 12 year old!!), the instructions are a little vague but as I've previously owned sewing machines we were able to muddle our way through. We haven't had any problems with "tension", perhaps it's the "luck of the draw" depending on how they are set at the manufacturersShe is now sewing her simple designs and is having a blast !This is a great "first machine", it is easy to use, is portable and is building my daughters confidence in her abilities to create her own design
Awesome!. Highly recommended!!  It's not the greatest chair in the world, but it's pretty damn good, and for this price, you can't beat the value
Make yourself a dang quesa-dilluh!. Napoleon Dynamite's grandma would be proud to own one of these!  Works great.  One little tip before you head to the grocery store... you must use the LARGE "burrito size" tortillas with this.  If you try to use smaller tortillas like "taco size" or "fajita size," they won't extend out to the part of the grilling surface that seals the edges and your melting cheese will flow out the sides.  The instructions say you must use a 10" diameter torilla.  That's usually sold as "burrito size."  I agree with Diane that an on/off switch would have been a nice feature, but it still works wonderfully
Simply the Best Frying Pan I've ever purchased!. I bought my first Revere non-stick frying pan 18 years ago.  I do alot of cooking and these are just the best you can buy!  They do not warp, they heat evenly, and they are extremely durable.  The non stick surface resists scratches, and holds up well against mishapps by Husbands!  This brand is hard to locate in local stores.  I used to buy these pans from the Corning/Revere Outlet store, but now they are offered on Amazon.com  I highly reccomend this brand, it's pricey, but you won't need a new one for many years
Knives That Actually Cut. These are hands down the best knives I have ever used.  They are balanced perfectly and feel great in your hand.  Apparently, the utensils I had before that I called "knives", were actually just dull pieces of metal that crushed food apart.  The knives will cut through anything with ease.  The kitchen shears are very handy for cutting open packages or cutting chicken into pieces.  The video is very informative about proper cutting techniques and safety.  The set is well worth the price
Nice but could have been Great. This food processor is really quiet just like it promised in the write ups. Nice and heavy, it can handle just about anything. The problem I have with it is I bought it because I wanted the big 9 cup but you really don't get to use the full 9 cups if you have liquids you are mixing. The design is such that the spindle lifts off to accept the mini bowl which then completely covers it. If you take the mini bowl off, there is no top on the spindle and liquids can go down inside of the unit. Bad design. I did not buy this to only use dry foods in it but it looks like that is all I will be able to do with it.  Other than that, it does perform very well. It does take up counter space and it is heavy but the motor is so quiet it is worth it
Canner. I needed more than one canner and this was priced just right.  It's as nice as my old canner
I love these shears!. They work great. They cut through raw chicken very easily.
GREAT FAN!!!. This the best fan I have ever had.  I can keep it set on low and it keeps me very cool.  It is just GREAT
I am very happy with it. I had a very powerful upright vacuum who did an excellent job for many years but was just a real pain for my back (too heavy and too big). I realized I needed a vacuum as efficient as that one but quieter and lighter, easy to move around. 11 amp provides a very good succion, the 17 foot attachment reach is very convenient, and automatically wraps up.I do not know how it works on carpet because I have hardwood floor. It does the same good cleaning job as my upright vacuum, at half the cost and weight. I have to say though that the attachment do loosen during the job and more than once. But I can live with that (not with backaches).
great, but non-standard batteries. I found this to be bright enough for me to read without disturbing my bedmate.  It's a soft light (almost seems like a natural spectrum) and is very directed at the page.  The clip is large enough for even a thick hardcover, and the neck is flexible as needed.  So, functionally, it gets a solid A.But I wasn't happy that it takes nonstandard batteries (two of those round watch/calculator batteries).  Replacing them is a hassle (though inexpensive) because I have to make a special shopping trip noting the exact type of battery before I leave, and I have to find them in a store with an electronic department.  I wish this light took AAA or something.The light does include batteries, so you won't need to worry until you run out.  For me, that was  probably around 20 hours or so
Square Springform Pan Purchase. Item is of very fine quality.  Just what we expected
Picture was very helpful!. I don't think I would have bought this product without the helpful picture
Target sells same corkscrew cheaper!. This corkscrew is easy to use and will avoid breaking the cork thanks to it's two stages. You can find the same model here at Amazon far cheaper via Target
Great glasses. Saying these glasses are too small is a lot like complaining that shot glass aren't big enough. They're highballs. Bar glasses made to hold specific styles of drinks, (mojitos, singapore slings, cobblers, etc.) and they are the perfect size for that. Excellent quality
Best All-Around Kitchen Knife. For price and function, you can't go wrong.  I use this knife every single day to cook dinner.  I also have a chef's knife and a bread slicer.  These are the only knives most home kitchens will ever need.  It sharpens well and I put it in the dishwasher.  This is my second one ... it's not that the old one is worn out (I've had it for 10 years) ... it's that I'm afraid I won't be able to find another one when I do need it
Great !. These cutting boards are very nice. I have two and have used both for months now. They have held up very well. Still look good, work great. I like them.
Revere 4-Quart Steamer Insert. Very sturdy well made insert fit perfectly in my vintage RevereWare Stock Pot.  I was very pleased with how quickly the item was shipped and arrived at my home.  Excellent Amazon experience
Really neat solution for storage. My boyfriend gave me this as a gift for Christmas.  I love it!  It's a really cool way to store spices.  The only thing is...it did arrive broken in the box and my boyfriend was quite upset that the racks were chrome coated plastic and not metal.  But all in all I really like the look and the practicality of it
Love it--Money well spent. Love it love it love it!  I was hesitant to spend so much money on a hot water dispenser, but I have not regretted it.  It gets used much more than I anticipated.  I take it to church functions with a selection of teas and instant coffees, hot chocolate and chai, and it's always a hit.  I use it at home all the time, and drink much more tea now that I'm not always warming up water.  Can't recommend it enough
GREAT PRODUCT. This is a great product both for home or for a gift.  It is especially great for people that have trouble with the joints in their hands.  This product is worth the money and much more.
I don't see what the problem is... I read a lot of reviews before I bought this and most of them weren't very good. I took a chance and bought it anyway because it was the easiest brand to find in a store. My oven is broken so I needed one of these right away. I don't see what the problem is and actually I love this crock pot. I didn't have any problems with it leaking or with the lid not fitting. The heat seemed appropriate for the setting. Maybe I got lucky? For the price, I think this crock pot is perfect. I wish they made this size programmable. I'm not really sure why they don't. That would be my only complaint but I still give it 5 stars because I got what I bought and I'm very happy with it
It's extremely useful. I have really messy children. At the begining i thought about renting a carpet cleaner cause my carpets became very dirty & i thought that nothing will clean them exept a commercial carpet cleaner but when i decided to start poty training them i found that i have to own one at home.It's really great, it cleaned my carpets, It's easy to use & it's light.I use it all the time for the usual old accidents & the new potty ones
love my purchase... The trivots I ordered were exactly as shown. They were received promptly and in great condition. They are really nice and match my decor, so I leave them on my dining room table all the time, next to my candles
Solid performance. This is the 4th espresso maker that my family has owned in the last 10 years and has proven a solid performer. My husband has spent many months in Europe (specifically Italy) during those years and has commented that this machine comes the closest to producing authentic cappuccino as any he's tried. The machine itself is heavy, but fits nicely on the counter and is relatively easy to clean. The greatest positive is that it heats and reheats the boiler rapidly. The only negative consideration is that the frothing wand sometimes works too well and froths the milk before bringing the milk temperature up to an acceptable level
GREAT TOY. I started by getting the cardboard version, which is much cheaper.  I took it back because the holes are pointed and actually kept getting stuck around my kitty's neck.  This beautiful wood version is great!  Sebastien figured out how to get all of his toys out pretty quickly, so I had to make it a bit more difficult by blocking some of the holes with duct tape (don't use clear tape...it's confusing).  He loves this thing now.  Great occupation of time when we're at work
Nice Bakeware Set. I snapped up this set when it got marked down under $30 mainly because I needed ramekins and some casserole dishes with lids. I haven't actually cooked/baked in them yet but they look great and I'm looking forward to trying them out. The only thing that perplexed me was when the box arrived, it said on the side: ship to QVC - Germany, which I thought was kind of odd. Inside...I located instructions but unfortunately...they were in german and since I only had 1/4 semester of the german language in junior high school...I have no idea what the instructions say to do. But I can live with that feeling I got an awesome deal on a nice looking set.
love it. works good, very convenient, grounds do clog it, so you need to spread the filter to eliminate grounds from getting in the mechanis
BonJour Latte Frother. Excellent!  Bought this for my husband for Christmas and we have the best coffee because of the froth
Great time saver. Had a previous 4 quart cooker for almost 25 years and used it a great deal.  It finally got battered past hope and decided to get a new one.  I chose to go to a 6 quart as I had some size problems with some recipes.  It was a good move and I recommend this size to all.  Cooker arrived nicely packaged, and in perfect shape.  First use was flawless and it functioned perfectly on a Beef Stew recipe.  I fully expect it last another 25 years. Presto may be less expensive than some, but it does the job well.     P
Hot Water For My Cube. I bought this product to make hot water for tea and coffee (in a french press) in my cube at work.  I've only had it for a few days but so far so good.  I am, however, a bit concerned about some of the reports of this unit burning out after a period of time.  I guess time will tell...Some things to note about this kettle:1) It seems to take a while for the water to come to a boil compared to some of the other electric kettles that I've used.  I should note that it may hold more water which would be a valid explanation.  After the first boil water does stay warm for some time making reheats pretty quick.2) The handle design on this thing is horrible using a square design instead of a curved found on many other kettles.  I'm surprised that such a poor design has come from Bodum.  This makes the long walk from the kitchen to my cube with a full kettle a bit awkward.  It also makes it a bit uncomfortable to pour from a full pot.  In all, it's not a real deal breake
Great product. I bought this HUGE pressure cooker to serve as a pressure canner for salsa and tomatoes. This is a nice piece of equipment, I say equipment because of the size and weight of the thing. It barely fits on my stove! The great news is that I can pressure can 16 wide mouth pint jars at once. If you are new at this as my wife and I are, spend some time researching the techniques and recipes- the book that comes with the cooker has some recipes and timing charts from the USDA and they occasionally are in conflict with one another ( since this technology has evolved over time). A great kitchen tool at a super price
I dont know why one reviewer thought you got both!!!. Clearly it states its the HUTCH.  When my husband and I went into Target to find something reasonable for our computer, we saw that it was SOLD SEPARATELY.  Wasnt that hard to figure out it was two pieces.  DUH!!!!!  I guess some people are clueless
Decent for the price. This is a decent burr grinder for the price.  It is not totally consistent, but I wasn't willing to spend over $400 for a grinder that is.  My coffee tastes better than when I used a blade.  The build quality is great, and reminds me of my KitchenAid mixer
Great little griddle. This is a great product--we used it in our motel room at Orlando, Florida to cook some of our meals.  It saved us at least $150.  Food is expensive at Walt Disney World!  This griddle heats up quickly and evenly.  We fried eggs, pancakes and bacon.  We even made grilled cheese sandwiches. No problems.  This griddle had been treated very roughly.  I packed it in a suitcase and checked it in at the airport.  When I went to open the suitcase at our destination,  everything was upside down and thrown around. The suitcase had been searched!  I was very surprised that the griddle was not broken.   I HIGHLY recommend this item!
Great utility slicer, so-so for bread. This knife's best at slicing tomatoes and other veggies.  It's a bit short  for cutting big peasant loaves, and the straight blade makes it harder to  cut at an angle down through the bread, since the sharp point, while great  for starting a cut through an obstinate veggie skin, can get stuck in your  cutting board.  The serrations work great, however, slicing through both  crust and soft inner breadness
VEGETABLES HAVE NEVER TASTED SO GOOD!. I was married close to 5 years ago and out of ALL the wedding gifts, this one wins the prize!!!   We use it at least twice a week, sometimes 5 times a week!  Corn on the cob, broccoli, etc NEVER TASTED BETTER than cooked in this steamer...  No more creams, sauces and artery clogging stuff on the vegetables.  Also, since both of us work full-time, this is so great cause it could not be easier to use!!  This is my wedding gift to others:)  It's so great to be able to give a gift that helps loved ones eat and stay healthy
The best and beautiful to look at too. I researched santoku knives before I bought this one.  I have a Wusthof Santoku with the dimples in the blade that is supposed keep items you're slicing from sticking to the blade, it doesn't.  The Wusthof is light and just didn't perform like I expected it too.  I checked a professional chef's site that rated Santoku knives from 1 to 10 and #1 was Shun.  Wusthof and Henckels tied at number 7.  The Wall Street Journal also recommended Shun highly.  In fact, everything I read about Shun was positive.  When I received my Shun, I liked the heft and the handle immediately, it is extremely sharp right out of the box.  It slices cleanly, no problems with thin skinned or stringy fruits or veggies.  Working with this knife doesn't require the effort that the Wusthof knife does.  The only downside to owning this Shun, is that you want to replace all your other knives with Shun
Doggie Door bell. Easy to use.  Our dog learned how to use it reliably in a couple of days.  No directions came with it, we called our trainer and asked how to do it.
Best Money I ever spent!!. This product's directions were a little hard to understand, however once you get the concept the rest is easy. We (My cat and I) have been living litter free for over a year now. I brag often to whomever will listen! My only 'problem' is that she has learned to flush the toilet as well. Hopefully she won't decide to just do it for fun. I'd recommend this product to anyone who doesn't want to scoop poo for the next fiftenn years! Did I mention my cat was feral, and approximatley six months old when I got her
dryer=death. you know how when you wash something cotton and air dry it, after that you can put it in the dryer?  this theory does not apply to the mop pads.  no.  not at all.you may have luck dampening the ubershrunken ones to get them on, but don't be like me and think, "oh, it's just that the drawstring shrunk.  i'll cut it off!"  because that, friends, is a bad idea.this mop is basically the greatest invention since the gutenberg press, especially when paired with the dirt devil sweeper vac or some other stick vac+swiffer combo.  hi, i am lazy and have a bunch of animals and these are a total dream.  when i pick all the laundry up off the floor, i can actually get it clean in no time.anyway, just bear in mind that AT NO TIME should these mop pads go in the dryer, however desperately you may want them dry
Jaccard Review. While I find the Jaccard a nice tenderizer... I wish I would of bought one with about half the blades. It is a bit difficult to operate in some thicker and tougher meats
Fantastic Coffee Grinder. I am very happy with this coffee grinder.  First, burr mill grinders are the way to go.  After using a cutter grinder for several years, and based on the recommendation of a friend, I decided to try and buy this grinder.  Wow, does it make a great tasting cup of coffee.  I could never go back to preground or the cutter type grinder.As for this KitchenAid grinder- it is excellent.  I like the design, the looks and ease of use, and most importantly- the glass container does not let the grounds build up a static charge.  Other burr mill grinders have plastic containers, the grounds build up a static charge while grinding, and then what a mess.  The grounds jump to your hands, your coffee maker, and anything else nearby.  But not so with this KitchenAid grinder.  Plus, it is very quiet
Mikasa Italian Countryside 45-Piece Dinnerware Set. Purhasing this set was a good experience for me.  Even though one plate was broken and the platter had a defective mark on it, Amazon was great in making an accommodation to replace the pieces.Thank you so much!Robin Wohlhuete
New Item for a Few Bucks!. I was able to purchase a BRAND NEW Spode Christmas Tree serving dish that would have sold, in well known department stores, for three times the amount that I paid! I couldn't be happier with the item and I WILL purchase tableware again from Amazon
spatula. nice spatula nice for non stick extremely light and stron
The Black Knight of Cheese Slicers. Stands up to hard cheddars, but won't hold its nose at your processed cheese or softer cheeses either (pssst, that means even Velveeta, for all the other single gals out there).  The Kitchen Aid name promises it will be around awhile, and the thread is taught and doesn't slip at all.  My hero. :-
Nice roasting pan for the price. The pan serves it's purpose and the size is perfect for lasagnas, casserols and roast.  It will get a lot of use.  Clean up was a little bit  dissappointing. The no stick spray left a bit of a residue on the pan that is hard to get off once you've baked with it. Using a steel wool pad would probably help but it would scratch I'm sure.  Over all I'm happy with it though. It's come with a rack and spatula.
Coffee and company. Love the ease of making coffee and the clean up is a snap. I have the 2 cup maker and if I have company it is a little costly using extra pods. A carafe is important if you have company so you can make extra coffee ahead
At first, I thought mine stopped working too... After I moved, I thought my fryer stopped working (as I've seen in these reviews) but I went online and downloaded the manual and realized that what happened was that we hadn't gotten it properly aligned in the "grooves" on the back... it won't turn on if it's not aligned right, it's a safety feature.It took me three tries to line it up right, but then it turned back on and worked as it always has.I never write product reviews, but I'd hate to see someone not buy this or even worse throw out a working fryer because they didn't have it aligned properly.Overall a very good product for the price
No Buttery slips!. This butter dish is great because of the little top knot.  It's very easy to pick up the lid.  Besides....it's cute
Should have had this one ages ago. This is the best coffee warmer I have ever had. It really does keep things HOT - the 4 others are useless compared with this. And it looks good
Great toy. So far, so good.  I have a 3mo shep that so far has a blast with this thing.  I saw one reviewer that said it tore apart, and will update as time goes by.  So far I love them....well, she loves them.  Easy for her to pick up, when the ball is much larger than her mouth (holes in ball) the football shaped one bounces in odd directions, but highly recommend the blue one, as dogs see blue well (color blind)
Calphalon Knife set. I ordered this set for my wife. Her initial response was why did you spend so much money for a set of knives. They can't be any better than what I already have. Now that she has been using them for several weeks she is hooked. She says they are the sharpest and easiest knives she has ever used. I just hope she doesn't decide to use them on me. Excellent buy.
Oster 6.1 Qt. Food Steamer. My wife and I found this steamer to have a high capasity, easy to use and easy to clean
Must have!. I think it's a must have for jerky making.  I love my Nesco dehydrator, jerky maker & the jerky spice works seasoning packets and cure mixes
Great Product. Great product, very soft.  Save my expensive mattress from my son's mishaps several time already.  However, one of the stain got though, perhaps it's not 100% water proof..
works great. This egg cooker does a good job at poaching eggs and makes perfect hard boiled eggs.
Fiestaware canister. Great Canister, so happy that I was able to find this at such a great price, and shipping was free that is alway a plus for me.
mash. I've been trying to mash pineapple chunks in my mug with a fork or spoon with unsatisfying results.  I'm not a regular mojito drinker.  I bought this to mash up lemon and pineapple with sugar before adding hot water for the perfect tonic.  I prefer not to buy the citron tea sold in Korean markets because the "honey" is fructose.
WONDERFUL MAGAZINE RACK. I LIKED IT SO MUCH I BOUGHT ANOTHER ONE FOR A GIF
The Best Cat Toy Ever. I've never met a cat that could resist it.  This deceptively simple contraption will turn even a couch potato cat into an aerial acrobat.If you love cats and enjoy playing with your cats, not having Da Bird in your arsenal is an act of kitty criminal negligence
Love it, love it, love it. This is a great vacuum cleaner. I looked and looked for a good one and took a couple back to the store before I settled on this. I've owned it for over a year now and I have yet to find a significant problem.  It's the perfect combination of good suction and handy tools for getting under low furniture and in crevices. I really wanted an upright vacuum, but I also wanted the flexibility of a long hose and good attachments and this fits the bill. It's easy to use, powerful, doesn't require bags, and cute!My sister has the DC 07, and unless they've changed it since she bought hers a couple of years ago, the DC 14 is vastly better when using attachments. It's no trouble at all to pop the hose off the back and slide the wand out of the hose.  The attachments all fit well and I love the wide head to use under furniture.I bought a refurbished model, which was a lot cheaper and I have had no mechanical problems. The only issue was when I received it they had sent me the wrong crevice tool (the long one), so it wouldn't snap onto the main vacuum cleaner body, but all I had to do was call Dyson and they sent me the correct tool free in the mail immediately.The only other issue I've had to deal with at all is that sometimes it takes a couple of tries to get the dirt cup popped off the vacuum cleaner (but my husband had no problems doing this, so maybe it's just me). This is an excellent vacuum cleaner and I wholeheartedly recommend it
Commercial Hard-Anodized 2-1/2-Quart Shallow Saucepan with Lid. Very pleased with the quality of this pan, good weight and cooks food evenly, clean up is easy too. Good product
Eurotrash. I'm a big fan of KitchenAid products, I have been for a while, and when they release something new, I like to try it out. This peeler was no exception. It's mid-June, and the elderflowers are out in force along the hedgerows of Nottinghamshire, so I decided to make some delicious elderflower cordial. 25 heads of elderflower, 1.5kg of sugar, 75g citric acid, and 1.7l of water, plus, two lemons, sliced. At no point did I use this wonderful red peeler from Kitchenaid, but let me tell you, if I had have done, it would have made short shrift of those two lemons, if the recipe had called for lemon peel. It didn't. Just lemon slices. But this peeler is warmly recommended, anyway. It's peel-y good
Great Product!. This toaster is a great product and I especially love how the bagel feature allows you to toast only 1 side of the bagel.  Also love the retro modern style
My newest kitchen helper!. I love this deep fryer.  Euro-Pro had different fryer's that had just the turn knob, well when I seen this one it had everything a professional deep fryer had.  This deep fryer is packed with features that make it almost impossible to screw something up!  Features like digital timer, digital temperature setting, two sensors in the oil along with the heat element, audiable tones for when the timer goes off, and when you turn the deep fryer on, indicator lights that tell you when your oil is hot, and the best part is everything but the control panel is dishwasher safe - this baby comes apart to satisfy the clean nuts of the world (i being one), also this has a saferty cord on it too - the purpose of it I don't know because if someone pulls it off the counter my first though is not electricution but rather a person or child being burned!  I use to go through a ton of oil with one of those cheap cool touch ones, and now I can use the same oil for months, do to the flash frying, and even heating of the unit.  This machine was worth every singel dollar I used to buy it - I have had this machine for over four years now, no problems what so ever!  The only complaint I have is - why doesn't this come with a plastic cover for the removable pan
No more messy spills to clean up!. After trying & returning several microwave rice cookers I decided to give this one a try because of the great price and Nordic Ware's reputation.  You MUST follow Nordic Wares instructions for cooking rice.  Using any other recipes/directions, will result in your rice being soggy & the water not absorbing.  The one noticible difference between the other cookers I tried and this one is that I didn't have to clean my microwave after using this rice cooker.  NO SPILLS & OVERFLOWS!  I just ordered a second cooker to place in storage just in case this model is discontinued.  GREAT PRODUCT AT A GREAT PRICE!
Beautiful Piece. This has to be the most beautiful paper towel holder that I have ever seen
price is good for what you get. At less than $5, you don't get much but what you get works....- Look at dimensions.  60" long.  It won't fit a 5' tree or larger tree since the bag is only 5' and the zipper takes another foot away due to it's side entry vs being at an end.Buy 2 and store your tree in two bags.  It worked for me only after I had to cut the bag a little more to fit the bottom 2 sections to my tree...
Super Toaster!. I gave this to my Dad for Christmas, and it was so great I bought one for myself!  We tried soft-boiled eggs and a "poached" egg, and both cooked perfectly.  The toaster toasts very evenly.  Two comments I'd like to add are:1.  The "poached" egg is not actually sitting in water like a real poached egg, so it's actually better.2.  If you cook your egg in the shell, you cannot use the meat tray at the same time.  That was a disappointment.And a small piece of advice: run the toaster without bread a couple of times when you first get it, or your first toast will taste like new appliance.
CHEF'S CHOICE 632 FOOD SLICER. I HAVE FOUND THIS TO BE A VERY GOOD PRODUCT, AND EASY TO USE. I WOULD GIVE IT A 5 STAR RATING IF ALL THE REMOVABLE PARTS COULD BE WASHED IN A DISHWASHER. I CAN'T SEE WHY THEY COULD NOT BE
A great pan!. A fair price for this dishwasher-safe, non-stick pan of this high quality.  Even cooking with little or no oil.  Very pleased
Blender: 4 stars, food processor: 3 stars. This is a very handy appliance, but if you're considering buying it, make sure it matches your needs.  Since the capacity of the food processor is quite small, get a bigger one if you use it a lot.I was primarily interested in the blender for smoothies, etc. and the food processor is a nice bonus that allows me to prep veggies or make sauces quickly.Pros:-well-constructed-excellent power, great at crushing ice and frozen fruit-easy cleanup since the buttons are integrated into the machine, and there are no cracks for things to get intoCons:the spout on the blender is definitely not driplessNo problems with the reconditioned appliance, and for the price and functionality, quite a good buy
popping good. I love this thing.  It is fast, easy, efficient, and a blast to use.  It is surprising how easy it is, and you can impress people since very few have ever seen anything like it.  Press the needle through the cork all the way in, press the end to release the gas, and the cork pops out immediately sounding like a champagne bottle. It really is quite the thing
great buy. For the price and the convenience, this scale is exactly what I wanted. The weigh and save container makes it very easy to weigh lunch in the morning before work, or a snack for a trip
Gorgeous, fabulous, etc. Value and function and design meet together in these beautiful glasses.  Nice and thin, the crystal is beautiful and the glasses seem well-blown.  A joy to use
Love it. Puts an end to the tiring task of hooking the shower curtain to the rod.
Nice, light, middle-sized Chefs knife... Great knife for the price. Well-balanced, light-weight and sharp. Comfortable handle. Sturdy in spite of its stamped construction. Cook's Illustrated has given this knife top ratings (over some VERY expensive alternatives). That's how I found out about it. I also bought the 7" Serrated and the 6" Utility knives. Like them all. Great knives for the price. Highly recommend..
I Started With Three Sets . . . Now, I have more than 300 pieces of Franciscan Apple dinnerware, including some highly collected pieces. Each piece of Apple china is handpainted and unique. The five-piece placesettings (10 3/4-Inch Dinner Plates, 8-Inch Salad Plates, 6-Inch Soup/Cereal Bowls, and Cups w/Saucers) are practical for everyday use because they are safe in the microwave oven, dishwasher, and may be warmed in a slow oven (225 degrees). There are pretty Franciscan Apple table linens, including placemats, napkins, and several sizes of tablecloths, that are available from Wedgwood. I also have used table linens in almond, dark green, and rust shades to complement this pattern. The Apple pattern is &quot;open stock,&quot; which means you can continue to add many more pieces over the years, such as luncheon plates, side salads, and even matching glassware
Good humidifier, quiet and easy maintenance. This is a great humidifier.  It works really well.  Maintenance is really easy, more easy than I had even previously thought.  Cleaning once a week is sufficient.  It is very quiet also.  I suggest it highly
Great product. This is a great product. It removes the chlorine from the waterand has a noticeable good affect on the hair and skin. As thepurified water is easy on the hair and removes the skin itch,dandruff, and overall a great product. Its a great value for the product.
Good vacuum bag. This is the only bag I've tried in my vacuum.  I have not tried the s-bag classic, which is cheaper and has less filtration. This bag works well. The only problem I have with this bag is when it's full, you are suppose to pull a cardboard flap to close the bag, but it(the bag) is usually overflowing when the vacuum light comes on(telling you to change the bag), and you cannot close the bag.  Meaning, the bag is not dust free unless you empty the bag before the vacuum light comes on
Excellent for yeast or bacterial infections. I have ten dogs and eleven cats plus I volunteer at a local rescue group, and I always keep a couple of bottles in my medicine chest.  Two of my dogs use it all the time:  a golden retriever with allergies and a cocker spaniel with chronic ear infections due to severe neglect in his previous life.   Zymox with hydrocortisone has an enzyme that promotes natural healing plus the hydrocortisone takes the itch away so they don't scratch themselves raw thus prolonging/enlarging the infection.  I also use it on the ocassional yeast or bacterial infection (you don't even have to guess what kind because it works for both), twice a day for a couple of weeks takes care of it without having to pay a vet's examination fee
Great stools. We recently purchased two sets of these stools to go in our newly remodled kitchen.  We have natual maple cabintes and these stools match perfectly.  They are a bit smaller that I thought they would be, but actually are the perfect size for the breakfast bar we put in.  A great quality product with a pad that will be very easy to clean or recover.  Thanks
Wonderful Tool!. I bought this grapefruiter because I have a 6 year old as well as a grandmother in the nursing home who both love grapefruit.  They both need help sectioning it so I have always been on the look out for something to make this process easier and this is it.  It only took me one try or two to find the perfect position to get the whole section of fruit out.  It is a snap! I am buying another one as a gift.
Nice heavy espresso machine. This espresso machine is really nice.  Looks beautiful on my counter, and is heavy and seems very well built.  I bought this as a gift for my husband, and we have been using it for about a month now and are very satisfied with the product.  We make mostly caramel latte's and drinks like that.  I read some of the reviews on Amazon before I bought it....we don't have a problem with how much water it uses becuase we have a well, so we are not purchasing bottled water.  As far as the puck being a soupy mess, we didn't find a problem there either.  We are looking foward to years of happy espresso consumption.  Hope this helps your decision :
The Very Best!!. This is a fantastic canner.  This 21.5qt size is perfect, fits under my average height range hood with plenty of clearance.  It also allows me to process quit a few jars at once, which is a huge plus.  So easy to use, I can not stress this enough.  Everything about it is just fantastic.  It is a pleasure to use, I feel like I have a new favorite toy. You will not be disappointed with this one
Juicer Joy. This is my first experience with a juicer, so I wasn't sure what to expect.  It actually produces more juice than I expected.  Just as the instructions suggest, it's easy to clean up, except for the strainer basket, which requires the use of a brush, which is thoughtfully included in the package.  It fits nicely among the other appliances on my kitchen countertop, and so far seems to be standing up well to daily use
Batali Products. This pizza peel is an excellent addition to any kitchen. It is sturdy and the handle folds under for easy storing. The price is good for this product
Spode Collector. I collect this pattern and was very pleased with the quick delivery and the quality of these dishes
The Best Popcorn Outside of a Good Movie Theatre. I've been searching for good popcorn for most of my life, and I've finally found it.  Who knew that it would come via such a simple product.The Back to Basics Microwave Popcorn Popper is super easy to use.  The directions state to put 1/3 cup of popcorn in the popper and microwave on high for 2-1/2 to 3 minutes.  I used the popcorn setting on my microwave.  The popcorn comes out as perfect as I've ever seen.The only recommendation I could make to the manufacturer is to emboss the instructions on the unit itself, as I know I'll eventually lose the instructions (that I had to cut off of the box).
Excellent starter mixing kit. It's a nice assortment of basic cocktail mixing tools you'll need as a beginning home bartender, all in a neat package. It was exactly what I was looking for
good. the air purifier works well.  the only problem is that it takes up a lot of space.  it provides great white noise for sleeping
VORNADO HEATERS. WE HAVE A VERY SMALL HOUSE AND THESE HEATERS TAKE CARE OF OUR HEATINGNEEDS PRESENTLY.  I BOUGHT ONE SEVERAL YEARS AGO AND DECIDED TO TRYTWO MORE FOR THE REST OF THE LIVING SPACE.  I WOULDN'T RECCOMEND THESE FORSOMEONE LIVING IN MORE THAN 1200 SQUARE FEET, THOUGH. THEY ARE GREAT FORSMALL ROOMS
For Hot Flashes....this ROCKS!. Buy some rechargable batteries (4-AA's) and you're SET! This fan has saved me time and time again at work when a hot flash hits. Just having some airflow around my face seems to help. It's not a whirlwind, but just enough
Great Bowls!. These bowls are very nice. I ordered them because the bowls I had didn't even hold an 18oz can of soup. These bowls hold a decent amount, and are heavy duty. The glaze does scratch easily, but not so much that it is noticable.
it's just a great little juicer. I just bought one of these and have to say that my expectations were pretty low.  This is the second manual juicer I have bought and the first one was useless.A few things I really like about this juicer:1. It's manual, which alot of people seem to be saying is a "con" of the juicer, but I think it's awsome.  You use no electricity, you can take it anywhere, and you even get a little arm excersize while using it.  SO to those whimps who are complaining about the hand crank I say to you go out and spend your $250 on an electric one and quit bashing this great little unit!  I mean seriously, it's not like the company advertized that the juicer would crank ITSELF.2. The juicer came with several extra parts.  I was pleased to see that the juicer came with extra of the items most likely to wear out or break, such as bushings etc.  I am an auto mechanic, so I don't guess I am really qualified to say that it was "easy" to put together, but I had not trouble at all.  There are instructions, as well as a dvd that DEMONSTRATES exactly how to put the thing together (not that I needed to use either of those).  Pause it...slow motion...whatever you have to do to get this thing put together because I assure you it will be worth it.3. Juice yield.  I have to say that I just recently bought a hydraulic press juicer, which is supposed to have the highest yield of any juicer type, and when compared to this little unit I can guarantee I will be using my "healthyjuicer" more than I will that juice press.  The amount of juice that this little thing extracts is amazing to me...my mom has one of the green power TWIN GEAR juicers, which are supposed to be the best all around electric juicer you can buy and I think that this little manual one has dryer pulp than what comes out of her $350+ juicer!  I was also afraid that it would ONLY be good for wheatgrass and lettuce and stuff, but the first thing I did when I got it was run some carrots through there and it did great! Most other juicers are either good at leafy vegetables and not so good at harder vegetables or vice versa...this one seems to excel at both!I just can't say enough about this little juicer...the price, the weight, the ease of use and ease of cleaning are enough to offset ANY drawback that anyone has listed in these reviews.  My motive for writing this review: I want LOTS of people to go out and buy these things so that the company continues to make them so that down the road when mine finally DOES wear out I will be able to get another one.
Cookware for life!. I am absolutely sold on cast iron. I have 4 different size skillets plus covered casserole, fryer, dutch oven.  I really enjoy using this giant one (pick your size for your crowd). I pre-heat it in a 350 degree oven for stove top cooking.  I bake coffee cakes, corn bread and fritta's in it. It's roomy for grilling sandwiches.  I have also broiled and "oven fried" meats in this skillet. I love to bake one pot meals (casseroles from cheese to rice)in the dutch ovens.  Wet roasting is nice too but the pots do need to be re-reasoned after.  I agree with two other reviews 1) clean up while still hot on the burner 2) no tomatoes! (acidic foods destroy the seasoned coating).  Making gravy in these pans really cleans them up.  I will never "need" to buy another set of cookware!
Excellent Sheets!!. I actually ordered two sets and I just LOVE these sheets.  They are really soft and comfortable.
The PERFECT 9" X 9" baking pan!. I was thrilled to find that Nordic Ware, a highly respected company in the bakeware business, had this pan available.First, it's the 9" x 9" size.  This size can be hard to find.  If you do much baking, you will run across recipes calling for a 9" x 9" pan; adapting the recipe to an 8" x 8" size is difficult and the results are not reliable.I find this 9" X 9" size perfect for brownies and small-family cakes.  It's easier to remove bars and brownies from this size pan, as you won't have to "dig them out"!  This pan will give you 9 generous servings.More importantly, this pan is made of aluminum.  Aluminum is the best surface for baking, as chefs will tell you. Much of what is in the stores today is cheap steel.  Steel is a poor conductor of heat, bakes unevenly and burns food.  Aluminum is an excellent heat conductor, and will give you perfectly cooked, and evenly browned, cakes, bars and cookies.I'm thrilled that aluminum is appearing in stores again, after 10-20 years of being hard to find.  I hope a new generation will discover the benefits of baking with aluminum - it's the best!!This Nordic Ware pan is made of thick, heavy aluminum.  It is not flimsy, and will not warp with use.As a bonus, the baking pan comes with a plastic lid.  This makes storage of your cake or brownies so convenient - no plastic wrap or foil required - and you can see how much is left!One hint, when cleaning aluminum pans, don't let water or suds sit in them for hours or overnight.  This can cause discoloration (though it won't affect baking).  Fill with soapy water and wash promptly.  Your pan will clean easily and stay beautiful for a lifetime.
A great knife - but invest in the right sharpening tools. This is one of my most used knives in the kitchen. It's the best from cutting garlic to slicing up melons. You'll find that the deep blade is a real joy to control, and that you can make short work of major chopping and slicing jobs easily.The blade keeps its edge for a long time, but eventually you will have to sharpen it. I invested in a good coarse stone, a good 1000 grit water stone, and the $5 clamps you slip over your blade to keep the sharpening angle constant. Good stones are expensive though. I think it's worth it for such a fine knife
So Glad I Bought This Model!. First, I totally agree with the other reviewers' raves. I was kind of spooked by so many negative reviews of similar products, so I am very happy I bought this brand & model. It's washable too! The lowest setting is perfect for overnight after warming the bed up on a higher setting. Now I can use just a light comforter over me instead of heavy, constricting blankets. I often have overnight hot flashes so periodically throw off the covers. With this nice warm pad underneath, my bed remains cozy when the flash ends & I'm cold again. Bravo - highly recommended & only $60 too. A winner!
Throw out that traditional can opener and get a safe edge opener. This is a wonderful high quality safe edge can opener.  The plastic handle feels high quality and the mechanism is all metal, it feels like there is a bearing for the spindle that rests against the can.The open is very easy to use, you set it up against the can and start turning the handle.  It will automatically set the cutter, and you just turn until you get all the way around the can, turn it half a turn backwards and the opener pops off.  Then you pull the lid off the can, and it if is tight, the opener has a built in clamp to help remove the lid.The safe edge openers are so much better, they don't require you to fish for lids and the edges are not nearly as sharp so you are much less likely to cut yourself.  They also engage the lid better so the don't slip like traditional can openers can.  This is one of the higher quality safe edge can openers I have seen, but any should be adequate
according to COOK'S ILLUSTRATED. I just wanted to be sure that potential purchasers are aware that the hallowed experts at COOK'S rate this item as the very best take-apart shears available:  in the Nov/Dec 2006 issue, they say it's "a cut above the rest."  I am not affiliated with the magazine...just a loyal reader
Amazing at this price. Works very well. You'll probably want to pre-treat the carpet and also boil the water to get it extra hot, if the hot water out of your tap isn't that hot. Once you do that it works extrememly well.
Excellent in all ways (But One). I have been very pleased with this product to date. Even heating / cooking. The pans come to temperature quickly and uses less energy (lower gas setting) to get there. The ony downside is that they strongly suggest (voids warrenty) not to put in your dishwasher due to deterioration of and damage to the non stick coating. Most non stick in this range with the exception of Kitchen Aid have similiar warnings. Next time this will be a requirement for me when purchasing cookware
Love this piece. We have been looking for a reasonable priced armoire for a while.  This piece is very sturdy and adds so much elegance to our living room.  The instructions for assembly were easy to follow, however it did take my husband and I about 4 hours to put it together. It is well worth the time and money we put into it. I love it!!!
Soda Chargers. The product is functioning as desired in my soda siphon and creates good club soda
Air Purifier. So far the air filter has exceeded my expections..The purchaing experience through Amazon was great.. Godd service...Good produc
t-fal electric tea pot. This tea pot is great I use it daily.  It heats very quickly, the water stays warm quite awhile.  I wanted the smaller one, but couldn't find it.  This one may turn out to work out better.  The pot lifts off the little base that heats the water so it's cordless.  It's very convenient to use
Finally a dripless syrup dispenser. We heat our pure maple syrup which makes it thinner than store-bought syrup.  We have tried numerous syrup dispensers and they ALL leaked until we purchased this one.  The only drawback is its size - it works great for the two of us but a larger family could require at least two of them
Cookware. Great pressure cooker, works perfecly exactly as promised. Stainless steel in the only way to go for a tough and attractive finish that really holds up.
good and basic. Very nicely made. The pots heat evenly and quickly. Although the lid handles get quite hot, so I actually give 4.5 stars
Naturewood products!. Absolutely lovely and country charming with the added wonderful factor of &quot;from oven/microwave to table!&quot;  Very pleasing
I love my L'equip!. It does everything I need it to and more! I'm a raw foodist so I don't need something that will "cook" foods like some of the other high-powered blenders will. However, if that's what you need one for, this will do that, too. The L'equip is the only blender I have ever used without the lid (not advised for households with children). I can start it out at a crawl and go up to blindingly fast with a turn of the knob. I liked my original one so much that I bought one to have at the office so my green smoothies could be made fresh for lunch. Alton Brown was showing off his appliances on "Good Eats" and he has a L'equip, too. Made me feel famous
Pot holder. This is a great product that is versatile and has a convenient magnet installed so that it can be readily available for use. Good quality product that I use for trivet and for pot holder. Material is strong and heat resistant so is safe for use on wooden table
Great Match. Even when I bought the Fiestawere Cinnabar creamer I loved it right away, but to order the Cinnabar Covered Suger Bowl from a nother seller and have them match so well.  I am so happy that my sugar bowl is such a perfect match. Thank
Pomerantz Beaded Stainless Bread Box. This bread box is the perfect size....just what I needed
Great knife for a great price. This is an amazing knife for the price.  It fits beautifully in your hand and the weight is perfect.  It is heavy with great leverage.  I absolutely love to chop with it.  I have Wustoff knife that i also like, but i have to admit for half the price this one is the winner. I can't imagine a better knife for this price on the market
Easy & Quiet, Great for "Quick Pick-ups". We purchased this product at our local home building center store after having difficulty finding it at the large discount stores.  We wanted to be able to do "quick pick-ups" in the entry area in-between our weekly vacuuming.We've had this product for just a few weeks now but have no concerns or problems with durability, quality or ease of use as some others have mentioned.We have a new berber carpet with a multi-level pattern that I thought would be difficult for the sweeper to handle, but even that doesn't seem to affect it.Sweeper operation is easy and quiet, the same words I would use to describe emptying the clever spring-loaded dust catch bins;  No problem.The amount of cat hair that this handy sweeper picks up is tremendous and the sweeper does a great job of giving our carpeting that "just vacuumed" look.In short, no problems or worries...so fa
Cal King Sheets. It's hard to find sheets to fit my bed.  So that's why I shop at this site. They flannel is soft with a great fit and price.
nice gift. Gave the platter as a housewarming gift.  I think it will be used often
Great product. I looked around, 100 bucks for a deep fryer is a lot of money.  This one comes highly recommend (even by Alton Brown in his book on kitchen stuff).  I use it, I hand wash it, I love it.  The only thing I can see is I have feeling I will have to replace a screw thats rusting before long.  But this, compared with all other deep fryersI have seen, its like there isn't even a choice....
Quick Cutting. This knife is lightweight.Don't be deceived by the size of this knife..   it was made specifically about half the thickness of the standard Wusthof blades.The thin blade allws it to be able to flex slightly like Asian knives.Also the greatest attribute is the ability to use the full length of blade.Most European knives have the annoying tang in the way.This blade is subtly curved to allow you to rock the blade ofer the food.This allows faster cutting and seamless motion of the hand.The weight, being light, could deter you from buying this but actually this knife is very durable and gains advantages from knives of Japan
Very nice towels. Nice size, good thickness and have remained color fast through many washings. They have not puckered or pilled.An excellent value, not the best towels I've ever owned, but certainly fine quality for the price
As Good As Adverstised. Initial setup and first use of the SSP200 are very easy and fool-proof.  I was very impressed by this unit after the very first shirt was done.My only concern is bunching the fabric up between the plates by the hinge.  The hot plate is very easy to accidentally brush when doing this.Otherwise, for anyone wanting that neat, clean, creased appearance, I highly recommend this product
Reviewing Toddy Maker Replacements. I am pleased with my order in the delivery and items.
Excellent Knife. This is an excellent all-around knife.  Slices extremely well on meat and vegetables.  This 4-star handle has a great feel.  The pro-s handle is okay, but I do not like the 5-star handle
excellent dehumidifier for my basement  not much noise. I love the dehumidifier it is so much quieter than my old one and I love that a hose can be connected and put into my french drain so I never have to empty it. My basement is very damp and this dehumidifier really does the job well
Good, Cheap, with one  small reservation. My only reservation is for safety sake, it would probably be better to get the version that is wireless, because when you fill this in the sink you must be very careful not to get the electrical prong that connects to the cord wet.
The BEST tea kettle EVER!. This kettle ROCKS! It has a HUGE capacity, doesn't look dirty because of its brushed finished, and the whistle....so cool! The handle is great, you don't get burned when you lift whistle to pour. I'm very happy with this purchase
Nesco. Truly a versatile product.  Roast, bake, steam, and slow cook.  The 6 qt. is ideal for a small family.  It will hold a 3 to 5 lb chicken comfortably.  The chicken comes out moist and tender but the skin doesn't brown all that great.  I rotate the bird so the breast meat and the back can be exposed to the sides of the cookwell where the heat is generated.  That helps a lot.  I made my first batch of ribs in the Nesco and they were fall off the bone tender.  I debated on browning them under the broiler first but decided to just put them in to see how they would do and they browned nicely.  I started them at 350 degrees and let them cook about 45 minutes and then let them slow cook at 250 degrees.  I took them out when they were about done, poured off the liquid in the pan, brushed them with sauce, put them back in the cookwell, topped them with orange slices and let them finish cooking.  Delicious!The roaster also performs well as a slow cooker.  I have slow cooked turkey wings, beans, and chili with excellent results.  I wish I had known of this product before I bought my slow cooker because the roaster would have been the perfect substitute.Since the Nesco heats from the sides, you have to keep the food items off the sides if you are roasting or baking because they will burn. If you want to make gravy from the pan juices, keep the temperature around 300 degrees and stir it away from the sides to keep it from burning.The cookwell is non stick and cleans up easily. Baked on food comes off quickly with a quick soak.  I am very satisfied with the roaster and have been using it at least 3 times a week.Make sure you set this in the garage, outside or in a well ventilated area to smoke it out before the first use as indicated in the use and care guide.  I set mine in the garage to smoke out and the smell lingered around for awhile.
good product. good product but too heavy for me to use but otherwise it serve the purpose
Peels like a dream!. This peeler makes short work of my dreaded chore-peeling potatoes! It peels nice and thin and quickly. It is also comfortable to hold with the rubberized handle
Very Good Product. I gave these as a gift to my mother for Christmas. She could not have thanked me enough. A very good product for the price
So easy to clean. I love this pan.  I don't use any spray or shortening and the scones slide right out.  It evenly browns the scones and is a cinch to clean.  A great buy
No Problems and Works Great. I've had my Brita Ultra Faucet Filter System for over a year now without any problems.  I'm very happy with this product
Soft and Warm. This is a very cozy flannel duvet cover. The brick color was true to the picture and the fabric is high quality warm and soft. This is a great winter duvet cover for cuddling up on cold nights.
Almost, but not quite. Appears to be their regular coffeemaker except a thermal carafe is substituted for the glass one and WATCH OUT FOR THAT HOT PLATE BURNER! It's a bit tough on the fingers if you weren't expecting the carafe to be heated. Basically, this is a good coffeemaker; just not quite worth the price tag. For that amount of money, I expected something more
Love it very much. This set is really very "heavy" duty.I have used the round cake pans. They are non-stick even if you don't spray pam or flour it. Also, they are extremely easy to clean
A great little pitter!. A great little pitter at at great little price!  Does its job quickly and well.  Cleans up in seconds
love it. My neck has not hurt again since I started sleeping on this pillow. It supports me perfectly
Stick waffles ar a big hit. The Cuisinart DIP-8 waffle maker was purchased for my grandkids ages 1, 2, and 5.  They managed to eat 24 sticks the first time we used it.  Ask them if they are good
Fabulous Product. This completely controlled any litter waste odor and made it very convenient to scoop every day!
Fair warning on the size of this. Just to let you know in advance that this log is great but it is way larger than I expected. While that explains the price, it was too large for the turtle container which we have since released to the wild... where he came from. We now use it in a window for our love birds to play in, they love it! LOL..
Super Towel. I was a little worried when I bought this towel for my son,  because he is a very particular person, and only likes good things. Well, here's what he had to say:  "This is a great towel, and it is the best I've ever used". Here you go! He approves of it! I say: "Buy it with confidence"
pizza stone. I've not owned a pizza stone before.  When I got it we fixed a pizza according to the recipe that came with the product.  Everything turned out fine, we all enjoyed the pizza.  Looking forward to doing more stuff.  It sure is heavy though.  I would suggest you not let small children try to store it at a high level
It's a keeper!. This shaker is definately a keeper!  Solid, sleek, and bigger than many at 28-ounces, I can mix for a group instead of individually
sun tea pitcher. I bought this product, because I broke it while on vacation.  I have never used it.  I guess the owner is pleased with it, because they have not requested for me to buy a different picther
My closet clutter is at an end!. One of my New Year's Resolutions was to declutter and organize my home. I started fulfilling that resolution by cleaning out my closet, but no matter how much progress I made it still looked messy due to my many pairs of shoes. (My husband has shoes, too, and his take up even more room.)I saw this and was skeptical, given the amazing price, but I ordered it anyway. Oh, I am SO glad that I did!  It took me less than 5 minutes to assemble it, and even then I could tell by the weight that this was not some flimsy product. Ten minutes later, my closet floor was shoe free!As a prior reviewer noted, this holds sandals as well as regular shoes. My husband has size 13E shoes, and since the racks are adjustable, his shoes fit perfectly.I bought two of these, so I actually had a couple of spare spaces. Know what I'm storing there? *Handbags*! Just slip the handles over where the shoes go and this turns into an accessory organizer, too!Can't recommend it highly enough. You'll be glad you bought it
Great Filter. Hi..if you are reading this and looking for a new or replacement filter, AquaClears are great. My 70 (300) is extremely quiet and my aquarium is crystal clear. Even though the filter comes with sponge, carbon and BioMax, you can set it up which ever way you want. The sponges can be washed in aquarium water to save a few dollars and maintain your biological filter. Cleans easily. The old number represented the gallons per hour. The new number represents the maximum size aquarium. Good luck
Great for the price. I found it a little hard to get the battery in and the battery compartment doesn't seem real secure to me. Also, it isn't hanging flat on my wall, I think I need to have the nail stick a little farther out from the wall to compensate for the battery sticking a little to far out on the back. Once the battery and hanging issues are resolved, the clock works great. It's easy to read, keeps great time. Be careful to get an actual 10" clock. Some say they are 10" and are actually only 8", which is really small. The 10" is small, but fine for a kitchen or kids room. I think it's a great clock, and I think the price makes it a good buy
Absolutely terrific vacuum. I have used this vacuum only on carpet, as I bought it for my finished basement.Suction is very powerful, it is quiet, and the dirt cup is so easy to empty.  The cup is designed so that you push a lever, and it empties from the bottom - very clever and so easy and clean.  It is a large dirt cup so it holds a lot.Other nice features include a very long cord, and great looks!  The most important thing is suction, and this baby is POWERFUL!!  It's amazing what this thing picks up.Overall, extremely pleased with this vacuum!
Old Country Rose OVAL Open Veggie Dish. This is a perfect dish to hold your side dishes in.Holds 5 pounds of Mashed Potatoe's (I know this personally)Great style, Class & Elegance.The correct name for this piece is the Royal Albert Old Coutry Rose Oval Open Vegetable Bowl.You will love this bowl!
Great knife - but only if price is no object. I agree with the previous reviewer: this is the sharpest, most well made Chinese chef's knife out there. However, I guarantee you won't find this knife in any authentic Chinese kitchen because this knife is just too expensive.If you want to get a good Chinese chef's knife, you should buy the high-carbon stainless Dexter-Russell cleaver (costs around $40). It is only slighly less sharp but the difference is not noticeable, especially if you are chopping rather than slicing.There is nothing wrong with the Shun knife; it's just way too overpriced. It's just a knife, and no mass-produced kitchen knife is worth $170, no matter how sharp it is
Convenient and fast. Used this product on chiffon material.  It was very easy and convenient to use and smoothed out the wrinkles very easily.  It's compact size makes it easy to store.  It heats up quickly and makes a lot of steam.  I am pleased with my purchase.
Great. I really like this product just wish I had bought 4 or 5 when they were on sale.
THE BEST  WINE OPENER!!. My husband drinks A LOT of wine, so any wine opener really gets a workout at our house.  This is the second Vacu Vin Winemaster Corkscrew we've had, and it's worth every penny of its $50 price tag.  We've had many other types of wine openers, and they had to be replaced every few months.  The Vacu Vin Winemaster has lasted for over six years so far
Ended my cat&quot;s scratching problem. I WAS AT MY WIT'S END. I HAD MOVED IN WITH MY DAUGHTER AND HER CAT WAS DECLAWED. MY CAT PEPPY, AGE 4 YEARS, WAS SCRATCHING EVERYTHING! AFTER READING ABOUT FELIWAY, I PURCHASED THE SPRAY. I NOTICED RIGHT AWAY, HE NO LONGER SCRATCHED ANYTHING BUT HIS SCRATCHING POST. THIS PRODUCT IS A MIRACLE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
JUST WHAT I WANTED. I had been looking on Ebay for this turntable but found it a lot cheaper at Amazon. Fast delivery, no hassle and JUST WHAT I WANTED
pull through sharpners and how to use them. i do not currently own this one, though i like the magnet idea. what most people who get these and have problems do not relise is that you DO have to hold the knife correctly AND you must apply the correct pressure.those of us who know the OLD way or just cook alot know this applys to iron sharpning.if you own an electric sharpner you simply pull or stick it in(acording to the make) and the machen dose the rest. with this type of sharpner you MUST hold the knife straight up and push as if you were cuting a tomato(enouph to cut but not crush)and pull it through.depending on how dull your blade is and how hard the edge is will depend on how many pulls this requires.DO NOT OVER SHARPEN YOUR BLADE!this will make the edge too thin and little bits will break off and ragged edges to apper in your knife, that will make it harder to get a good clean cut. hope this is helpful
not very dog proof. I have 2 ten month old labs.  They got so excited when they received the hedgehogs, they loved the size and the noise was easy to produce with a push of the nose on the toy.  The unfortunate thing, is with in 15 minutes they had opened the toys and had stuffing all over the house.  I have repaired and they continue to enjoy but I want a toy to last for more than 15 minutes
Very nice, but Kin nicer looking. I have a Shun Santoku, and it is very nice -- a good, sharp cutting knive. However, I have found something even better for roughly the same cost -- a Kin. The Kin is more decorative, just as sharp, and offers that extra cache of owning a smaller brand (more exclusive). Try a Kin --[...]-- and get Amazon to carry them.
OXO Good Grips Suction Sponge Holder. I bought this when we first moved into our condo last year.  It's great!  I attached it to the side of the sink and it's got great suction.  It's never fallen off since the day I first attached it.  It definitely helps with clutter around the sink area.  I like that the sponge has it's own little place.
This bowl is my best friend!. This is the bowl I reach for consistently. It holds a lot without taking up lots of counter space and stores efficiently. It has high enough sides so that the kids don't slop pancake batter all over. And, the non-slip bottom is a godsend! You have to own this bowl
Beautiful and Versatile. I just cooked the Sauerbraten recipe from Molly Stevens "All About Braising" cookbook entirely in this pan.  The results were fabulous. This pan is very versatile since it is quite wide (12") and deep enough to hold a 4LB chuck roast.  You can crank up the heat to medium high to sear the meat and you will be get that great fond that adds so much taste to the sauce.  The lid fits extremely well so that no braising liquid was lost in the 3 hours that the roast sat in the oven.  The clean up was simple using a Dobie pad with detergent - really as easy as non-stick.  This piece of cookware is so nice looking that we leave it out on the cooktop as kitchen decoration.  So, while a Lodge dutch oven may work almost as well and is a lot cheaper, it can't compare to how great this pan looks in our kitchen.One note of caution.  The enamel has some scratchs on the bottom from the pan being dragged about the cooktop and oven rack.  I can see a little shiny metal, leaving me to think that the pan has an aluminum disk in addition to the cast iron.  Need more time to see if this becomes a problem
best invention since the dishwasher. This machine is the best invention since the dishwasher. It saves so many steps. No vacume or broom or mop or rags needed. I use to cringe when I cleaned the floor and then cooked and got the floor dirty. with the Hoover Floormate I dont mind cleaning my floors. It is as simple as running your vacume cleaner. I can`t get over how easy it is. My hardwood floors that are 47 yrs old shine like they are wet. I was going to cover my hardwood floors because it was to much work. Well needless to say they are staying bare. This is a must for anyone with hard surface to clean. Its GREATTTTTTTTT
Sheets. I felt the sheets and they feel soft.  I have not used them yet.  I liked the reviews it got so I purchased them.  They do feel soft though
Perfect Size Hand Towels. I've have looked for a very long time for this lighter quality and good sized hand towels. So many times the bath towels are huge and the hand towels too small. These are good sized and hang on the rod beautifully.  The colors of the towels are also beautiful. I'm buying more for our guest bathroom.  Thank goodness I searched on Amazon. I don't believe these wonderful Martex New Splendor items are sold anywhere else
Look no further for the best coffee Maker EVER!!. I have been looking for a grind and brew coffee pot for a long time.  The reviews for many of them were poor so I kept looking. After reading the reviews on this model I decided to give it a try.It is worth every dime!!!  I absolutely love it.  Its easy to use and the coffee stays hot for HOURS!!  I have read other reviews on this model and I have not encountered any problems.Take my advice, this is a coffee pot that will be around for a long time!
Great!. I love that there is nothing to clean. The tray is non stick, so the pizza just slides right off. There are no coils and metal trays to clean off. We LOVE this pizza maker!!
Dream Heaven. I purchased this item for my sons twin bed. I cut it down to fit perfectly. I have purchased a memory foam topper for my own King Size bed elsewhere and paid way more. This topper is much better quality. It will give anyone a warm and wonderful nights sleep. I very highly recommend it.
Good Service. I received my item in a prompt manner and it was well packaged.
Capresso. I am new to the world of grinding my own beans but am very happy with this grinder and Amazon shipping.  I also have a Capresso coffee maker and am very happy with that.  My only concern is that a layer of ground beans gets kind of stuck in the bottom of the ginder cup.  I need some kind of brush or something to get it all out. Perhaps this true with all grinders(?)  Anyway, it is a nice push button grind and hold to the level of fine or course grind  you need.
Better than Expected!. I'm a trainer who was skeptical as to whether this rather low-priced collar would be effective on a German Shepherd, but I'm pleased!My dogs aren't nuisance barkers, but are territorial and didn't like getting a new neighbor & sharing our fence with his dog.  I bought one collar for my female - the 'lead' barker.  After just a few zaps from 'God', she got the idea and no longer barks. The gradual correction levels give her warning enough that she sometimes still gets off a bark or two before pushing her luck. and she's still able to whine a grumble a bit without getting corrected.MOST IMPRESSIVE is the fact that the collar somehow wound up in a cooler at our Christmas party, submerged in water for about 3 days before it was found.  It still worked perfectly!I'm getting a second collar now for my male, who has decided to take over where the female left off.  While I still have some additional problem solving to do to keep them from running at the fence with the neighbor dog, this collar at least keeps it quiet and less aggressive.I don't believe this type of collar will solve every barking problem, but for my target issue, I'm pleased.
Brita on-tap black/chrome water filter. It works as promised, I'm very happy with the functionality (clean water, fast, easy, little green light indicator, etc).I only gave it 4 stars because it's a little plastic-ey looking. I'd have happilly paid a little more for one that wasn't quite so "I'm plastic pretending to be chrome.", or if it has to be plastic, why make it chrome colored? It's not fooling anyone. Why not make it translucent plastic, tinted in a bright color, so I could see the stuff inside
Bath Mat. It is difficult to find a bath mat in a color other than white, which gets very dingy and is hard to clean. The taupe color combats this problem and this particular mat is very soft to sit upon, and very stable with multiple grippers. I am extremely satisfied with it and the price was very reasonable for such a great product
Just what we've been searching for!. We have had many kitchen garbage cans and have never been satisfied.  This kitchen trash can not only looks sleek and stylish, but holds alot of trash.  One of the many problems in the past have been capasity.  We no longer have to empty the trash everyday!  And it holds up to the kids test.  It's been 2 months and it still works!  I especially like the hydrolic dropping lid and foot pedal that is still working!A definate investment in our house
Once you could only get this gem from western state vets. Now, they even have them in the south!The Gentle Leader should not be confused with other head collars like the Halti. It is FAR superior for any dog breed or temperament.I've trained both my Golden Retrievers as well as the dogs of several relatives and many friends over the past six years using the Gentle Leader. With the possible exception of toy breeds, this is a God-send for any dog owner with a rambunctious, head-strong or hard to handle canine or if you just wants more control without the extra work and even trauma associated with neck collars in general.I had my first Gentle Leader dog and then my second, walking and STAYING at heel, sitting automatically upon stopping, turning both left & right and no longer lunging, pulling, jumping or straying...and all within less than 15 minutes for EACH dog! Golden Retrievers are, of course, wonderfully easy and willing to train anyway, but this was SO incredibly fast, it was almost like watching some magic trick being performed.It was my vet at Fort Lewis, WA who first taught me how to fit the collar and use it. Application is simple once you see it done for the first time. Just place the nose strap short of the flesh on the nose (allowing the dog to breathe, eat, drink and even carry items) and tightten the head strap about one finger tight behind the ears (base of the head, really). This gives you control (nose strap) and the dog a sense of well-being (head strap). Nothing at all is on the dogs neck or throat. I strongly encourage you to have someone experienced with the Gentle Leader's use show you hot to fit it properly the first time.For all dogs I've since trained or assisted in their training there has been the short-lived "leader dance". This is where, after placing the leader for the first time, the dog hops in the air and then bows to the ground all the while with both front paws over it's nose while trying remove the collar. As you continue to give short firm tugs on the collar while continuing to walk the dog, the dance quickly disappears within just a few yards. I was amazed at how consistant this behaviour and its let up always is.The leader basically uses the same physical restraint that a mother dog or pack alpha male uses to control a puppy or young dog. A grip over the nose and pressure at the back of the neck. It's purely coincidental that it looks like a horse halter.The control comes from the strap over the nose. The leash clips to the bottom of this strap (under the lower jaw). A short, quick (but not violent) tug on the leash leash brings the entire head under control. The head follows the nose and where the head goes, the body must follow.There is NEVER any need for jerking, pulling or strangling of the dog. There is never leash rope burns from having the dog take control and lunging away with you. Your arms stay in their sockets, palm blisters are a thing of the past (especially if you use a cotton leash, or at least a leather one...NEVER use chain or poly-fiber leashes).Some breeds with huge necks and a high pain tolerance, such as Rottweilers, are easily and gently brought into line. My brother's was 2 years old and completely out of control. He was at heel, sitting and turning within 5 minutes or so and after I turned the dog over to my brother for about 15 minutes I took the dog back and let his 6 year old daughter lead him around. My cute tiny niece was less in control than the dog, yet they both performed as a team with ease.The coolest thing about the Head Collar is how the dogs get really excited when they see it, knowing that it's going for a walk, training or just out in public. They LOVE the Gentle Leader.The Gentle Leader is only used for training or control. The dog STILL wears its own neck collar, but only to keep his tags on, since dogs don't normally come with pockets.The Gentle Leader is also a huge facilitator for "off-leash" training. The dog is so comfortable in taking properly given commands on leash, that doing so "off-leash" seems to take only one half to one third the normal time I was once involved. That, my friends, is a super endorsement, alone!One last caution...I pray you are in no way a person who "stakes" out a dog for ANY reason. Regardless, the Gentle Leader should NEVER EVER be used to keep a dog attached to a stake or wire run. Running out to the end of the line and coming up short by the neck/shoulders is one thing with a neck collar. Staking a dog and KNOWING that a head collar will actually jerk and twist the head to snap the neck is nothing less than cruelty, if not out and out murder. Use the Gentle Leader ONLY with a leash with YOU on one end and the dog on the OTHER, please.I hope you found this useful, as I KNOW you find the Gentle Leader to be. Take care and pass a good time with your canine friend
Pet Gear Happy Trail 30# capacity pet stroller. I love the pet stroller.  I was concerned because it has plastic wheels and I expected rubber but I have been using it for 2 months and haven't had a problem.  The handle extension is a little short and you have to get your pace right so you don't run into the stroller because you are a little too close.  Also, I have to hold the stroller with one hand because I have two other dogs on a leash.  There is some mechanism in the middle of the handle that makes it difficult so I have to hold it close to one side or the other.  Neither of these issues has significantly affected our total enjoyment of the stroller.  My dog loves it.  She can be totally zipped in or I can leave the front wide open.  She doesn't have any problem what-so-ever using the stroller.  The stroller was actually delivered within about a day and a half of the order.  My son put it together and didn't seem to have any problem doing so.  I absolutely love it and would certainly order it again if I needed a new one
Nice Press. I gave this a a gift and she loves it!  Mom said it has cut her ironing time in half. If Mom likes it, it must be good :-
Best Hooks Ever. I learned to crochet on the Boye hooks and I couldn't understand why I was having trouble, then I realized it was the hooks.  As soon as I tried these hooks, I immediately noticed the difference.  In my opinion, you can crochet much better than with the other brands.
So Comfortable!. I wish that I had purchased the sheet set earlier so that I could have enjoyed them all winter,  they are so comfortable, even with flannel pj's I didn't have any problem turning over.  I completely recommend this sheet.
The Ultimate Meat Cleaver. The Henckels Four Star High Carbon Stainless Steel Meat Cleaver is the ultimate meat cleaver. We like it a lot - it's heavy; the balance and fit are perfect.  The only difference between the Four Star &amp; Five Star meat cleavers is the shape of handle; and we're much prefer the Four Star's handle
Your closet will finally be perfectly neat and everything will fit in it!. This item saves space because it folds everything to the same size.  It is god's gift to those of us who have small closets and hate messes.  I first saw it when a clerk at a store was using it to put clothes back on the floor for sale.  I tried to buy it off her and she told me the name of the company.  I LOVE the flip-fold.  You won't be sorry if you buy this item
Inexpensive, but not cheap. This pot has outlasted every other piece of cookware I own.  It cooks evenly and cleans easily.  Although it's inexpensive, it's very well made
Not for lightweights !!!. Wow! Hang on ! ... those magnets are powerful!  Actually a great improvement over competitive items I tried and returned.  One caveat .... for expensive and carefully sharpened blades, it takes care to avoid potential damage as knives are attached and removed. These magets are so strong, I would like to see a thin layer of soft material added somewhere on the surface to 'cushion' fine cutlery (even at the expense of slight magnetic strength reduction).  Still, much better than alternative products (with weaker magnets) which can allow some knife shapes and sizes to fall when bumped.
Makes loose teas a joy to use!. This tea ball makes it simple to enjoy loose teas.  The stainless steel design and little hook make it a cute ornament for the utensil rack when not in use.  The large size makes it perfect for brewing a pot of tea, but a little impractical for a single mug. Cleanu-up is a snap - just twist, dump, and rinse. It's about as wide as a soda can, so you might want to check out your favorite tea-pot's mouth to be sure it will fit
Great Cooking Item. Great Emile Henry item.   I would recommend for any cook or cook to be.  Super for creme brulee!  Cheers..
memory foam pillows. I don't understand the reason for the bumpy design of these pillows. I guess they're supposed to fill in the space between your neck and shoulders.  I've tried them both ways up, and I still haven't figured out which way I like them; however, they are comfortable and don't fight back, putting pressure on your cheek or ear, and that must be the reason I can say asleep longer on these pillows than on the many other kinds I've tried in my quest for a good night's sleep that seems to come with aging.  The wonderfully soft cover is a plus!  I still revert to my down pillows sometimes, but it's great to have these as part of my ammunition against wakefulness
Both versions nice, but the stainless steel one is better. I bought both the blue & red cup, and also one stainless steel.  When they arrived, they were not quite what I expected.  I thought the colored ones would be the same, just with color, but the SS version has a different lid and is much more substantial. Although the colored ones are really pretty, we like the SS version better, and it's the same price.  These cups fit in car cupholders, they're pretty leak- and spill-proof, and it's nice that (with a little effort) you can move the handle around if you're a leftie or have a non-standard position you like, and then it will stay there (mfg. provides specific instructions).  These are 18-oz mugs, so they hold more than most, and coffee stays nice & hot
A little expensive, but great!. These are a bit expensive, but turned out to be fantastic - compact, sturdy and not too much of an eye sore.  They hold quite a bit so you're not having to refill them too often and keeps the food fresh.The lids are a little tricky to close.  Because they are at an angle, they tend to not line up w/the grids well, but I don't consider that necessarily a manufacturing flaw; perhaps a design flaw, but the angle makes getting the food out easier.I'd buy them again
PHENOMENAL PANS. I'm pretty new to cooking, but these pans exceed any and all expectations....especially compared to my old non-stick and Revere aluminum pans, all of which have now been donated to charity.  I've been experimenting (OK, I watch Racael on the Food Network for ideas: ok, shoot me...I still have hormones!), and these pans (I also have an 8 inch (pan that is) and 10 inch), are the best.  They heat uniformly, so cooking is a breeze...well, at least easier than I expected, given my limited talents.  Hey, my dishes are somewhat (for me) complex, yet still taste great.  Now if only I could stop cutting my finger to the bone with the new ultra sharp knives I've bought!  As for cleanup, the pans are unbelievable....the wipe clean with a paper towel dealie really works, though I do wash them lightly afterwards.  Guys (and you gals too), for the price you owe it to yourself to get at least one Calphalon non-stick pot/pan.  With the new non-stick technology, cooking and ensuing clean up will never be the same again....and now it's all good!Too bad I can't rate these pans higher...they deserve it.  One of the best purchases I've ever made
Excellent value. What's not to like, for that price? A simple, well-made knife that keeps a sharp edge. Doesn't look as stylish as those fancy European knives, but it does the job
Excellent organizer. This item is a great way to organize the PDAs and cellphones of your household. My only complaint - it isn't very attractive
Great cart!!. I have this one and the taller but thinner cart, one each on each side of my stove. They look great and have lots of storage racks. These carts are very sturdy and easy to put together. I am ordering extras to use at work as printer stands and one for the bathroom to storage towels and other stuff.I like the fact that the top is made out of wood, overall very good quality.
Excellent glass to compliment Riesling wine. I would recommend this glass to anyone looking for a casual way to enjoy the best white wine in the world - riesling!!I use it multiple times throughout the week and love it.  Sturdy, nice grasp, and enjoyable!  Cheers!!!!!
My cats love this thing. I got it, threw it on the floor as the cavern/tent style and all 4 cats went crazy exploring it, and chasing each other through it. They all took turns sleeping in it, or should I say that when one cat would finally leave it, another would see it's chance and run straight over for their turn. After the initial excitement wore off, 2 of the cats would mainly use it, and then one of them (which is more shy and doesn't like to be held very much) took it over.She has 2 other places she likes to sleep and so when she's in the other ones, sometimes one of the other cats decide to steal it from her. She would go to the tent as she wanted to sleep in it and find my other cat Ruby sleeping in it and huff a bit and then go back to where she had been before. Then one day Ruby decided to sleep under the overhang of my comforter on the floor next to my bed (the other fav spot of Midnight, the shy cat), so that when Midnight left the tent to find me and get me to pet her (in the bathroom, it always has to be the bathroom for some crazy reason-maybe because she was originally a foster cat with her 2 sisters that had been strays, she did nothing but hiss at first, and I got her to warm up to me, her sisters got adopted together and me and my roommate adopted her. But it all started out for her in the bathroom...) and when she would go back into the bedroom to sleep next to my bed under the overhang of the comforter, she found Ruby there, and you could almost hear what she was thinking, but then she was nice and just turned back around and went back into the tent...The only cat that doesn't really enjoy sleeping in it, does enjoy going into it and clawing it, biting it and just recently has started to tear the foam out of it from the inside corners.Needless to say, it is getting quite trashed but as they were priced at $26 (I got it one of the times it was on sale for $20, in June) I didn't want to spend that much to replace it at first. But now that I see the price is much lower (at about $17), I may go ahead and do that, and will probably buy 2 even (maybe save one for later when the 2nd gets trashed/ruined or just throw them both out so there are 3 laying around for the cats).Even with all the scratching, clawing, biting, ripping foam out, etc... the product is still in fair condition in the way that it still looks great (from several feet away) and it still does what it is made for, being a 3 in 1 combo cat bed...  Don't hesitate to buy this .... Better chance they will like this than some other good looking cat beds...I had also bought a super soft, fake fur, large oval, leopard print cat bed that had a totally separate mattress cushion (with fur too match) and a nice rugged black fabric bottom for $35 at the same time.  Ruby went and attacked it a few times (maybe confused by the fake fur) and the others sniffed it, but they would NOT use it, and would immediately *leap* out of it and run away if I picked them up and put them in it.  I put catnip all over it and under the cushion and *still* they wouldn't touch it. I found a little lost kitten in a parking lot a week or 2 later and she is the only one that will use it at all. This other cat bed seems like perfection, great to look at, soft and warm, bottom (cushion) that can move and be flipped over to a basic black fabric, and it is large enough for a fair sized cat (15-20lbs) to sleep comfortably curled up or stretching out over the sides (using them as a pillow), or even space for a cat and kitten (maybe 2 smaller adult cats) to sleep in it together. Still nothing from them. I had it on the couch and used it as a foot rest while lounging on it watching tv, and when my feet got cold (fur was already helping to warm them) I would tuck my feet in under the mattress cushion.  I can recommend that product for humans and their feet... soft, warm, cushy.  Heh
gotta love coffee. practice makes perfect.  At first it was hard to get to the right point of being what I would call good at using the Mukka.  But once I achieved total knowledge and awareness of the Mukka it was great.  Good Coffee, Good times
Good Product. I find this product very useful.  It cleaned my laminate floors beautifully.  I also like that you can store the fluid in the clean tank for the next use and the pads are machine washable.  The only downside I can see is it's a little difficult to push forward because of the squeegee. It does take some practice before you get the hang of it's action, but once you do, it's quick and efficient. Spray on forward stroke, return stroke is the fluid take-up.  I think a good tip to offer is to also buy extra pads as you can then switch before hitting the next room since the pad will be rather dirty from the previously washed floor. I did not use the dry vacuum as I figure it works much like an electric broom, which doesn't work in my home since I have 3 rather large, shedding dogs.  I just whipped out my Dyson and vacuumed with that first.
An Essential for Family of Four or More. This is a big saucepan!  I got it for Christmas because I needed a large saucepan shape with a long handle to make pralines.  This has become my favorite pot for many things; from cooking pasta to whipping up a large pot of chili on a cold night.  The see-through lid is great for monitoring food as it's cooking, and the second loop handle gives stability when carrying and pouring.  It is traditional Calphalon quality with a modern look, and I love it
Best of the basics, buy pricey for what you get. My brother and each got one as a gift about ten years ago. I currently have both of them. While they definately have some limitations, the asthetics and ease of use balance them out. Reasonably reliable: after 7 years of use and three years in a non-climate controlled crawl-space, the motor in one of them gave out. I am ordering a replacement as soon as the marineland website comes back online.If I were going to buy this myself, I would instead opt for a traditional setup of seperate glass aquarium, filter, and hood. You would get more for your money. However, if you want a sleek system that looks great and runs silent, this will be a fine choice. Just be careful not to scratch the acrylic tank. \--Also, instead of buying expensive filter cartridges, I remove the blue filter and charcoal, and use far cheaper boxed charcoal and fiberglass floss. --Saves about 75% off the cost of the cartridges
Salad Shooter -professional. Now I can chop or shred anything for my salads!  Great product, I recommend it
No Kitchen is Complete Without These!. I love these dishes!  The proportions, color vibrance, surface wearability and chip-resistance can't be beat for the price!  I suggest buying a few colors to mix and match, these dishes come in so many great colors!  If you're considering a lesser-priced set (I was), spend a little bit more, the extra quality and classic style are definitely worth it
works great. love this product, excellent cheese cutter, three choices of thickness.  highly recommended
The ultimate bath pillow for me. I ordered this pillow after having tried several other expensive ones. The Pretika one that vibrates, did not work from the day I received it.  Others were too stiff and did not stay adhered to the tub, but slid down under my back.  This one is perfect.  It is about 3 inches thick and filled with a very soft foam.  The unique and best thing about this pillow is that it melds to the bathtub rim and the suction cups stay put.  Plus, it cushions your neck and head perfectly.  My baths just got longer!  Sometimes, simple is best.  Spa wishes everyone, Candace
Five Star Desk. I have had this desk for about a year now and feel this desk is perfect for anyone who does not have a lot of space and wants to add style and function.  The desk and hutch are easy to put together and sturdy.  I have all the matching pieces.  I recomend this product and trust products that come from Target
DON'T BE MAD!!!!.....SORRY ?. I bought a new house and finally got enough money to buy a table. After running around to all the stores I found this same table at Shxxxx on sale for 179.99! (Yikes!). Hey what can I say times aren't easy. Well I endded up getting two. I have 5 kids and the table sets we were looking for were as much as 800.00 and up and that's just with 6 chairs! So what I did was turn the tables sideways put them together to make it look like I big table and put the 8 chairs all around giving the effect of a large 9 pc. table set people can't tell the difference since most tables have a split going thru the middle looking as though there could be an extra leaflet. So the 2 sets together costs under 400.00 total. Our floor is blond oak and walls are oatmeal so with this beautiful table sittng in the middle of the floor under the designer ceiling fan it looks like we paid over 1000.00, seriously! I was actually looking for extra chairs to make it a 10 seater by turning the tables the long way and putting the 8 chairs along the sides and two on each end so I thought I would check amazon.com and ran into all the reviews. This table is still worth the price you all paid but I had to say something I just couldn't belive this is exactly the same set. Put it toghether took my time due to the chairs and all the screws but oh so worth it. Rich dark walnut finish easily scratched but easy to maintain. Everyone loves it and can't believe this table was purchased at Shxxxx. So again sorry for ruining your day but this is an awesome table. We all agree.
Great for pet owners. This is the best "small" size vacuum I have ever owned. It was simple to put together & ready for use in minutes-no tools required! I have a short-haired dog that sheds constantly & the hairs get embedded in the carpet. This vacuum picks then up without any problem. I have an in-wall central vacuum system, but I don't want to get the central vac equipment out for everyday quick cleanups-the Eureka 437AZ rivals that system & my carpets look great in minutes. It works great on hardwood floors as well. This was truly worth the money
Wonderfully Plush. Oversized barely begins to cover the huge size of these fluffy and plush bath sheets.  They're wonderfully decadent.  You won't regret treating yourself to these when you step out of the shower and wrap yourself if their luxuriant folds
Excellent Lenox!. I love this pattern.  I have been collecting it for years.  Amazon seems to have the best price going for first runs.  Also, I had no problems with damage in shipping, which was my only concern.
Makes a Happy Puppy!. This kennel is great! it folds up like a brief case then effortlessly pops up into the doggie home.  I bring it everywhere so my puppy has a safe place to be no matter where we are.  my 30lb dog is a perfect fit, he loves this little space and snuggles into the soft cushion floor whenever he is tired wherever we are
JUST AS GOOD AS NEW. I got this for my daughter as a wedding gift and she loves it. Uses it all the time and has no problems
I'm Happy. The vase I purchased is just a little smaller than I was looking for, but it is a very pretty vas
Well-dressed bed. These are very high quality sheets and such an incredible bargain!  We are extremely satisfied
Barbie Vacuum is great!. I bought this for my 3 year old because my niece loves hers.  And, my 5 year old got the Scooby version for Christmas.  It is great!  I use it too.  Instead of driving me crazy to run my big vacuum, we now have three going at once!  And, they loved cleaning up the pine needles that had fallen from our Christmas tree, especially as we hauled it out.  (But, we did have to empty the vacuums often!
SOOO FUN!. I am starting this collection for my mother. It is so adorable. I love that it can be dressed up or down
A great everyday wine glass. We bought these glasses for my Son & Daughter-in-Law for Xmas. They have wine with dinner every night and these were perfect for them. They look a lot more expensive than the actual cost and have a wonderful feel to them
A Good Toy For A Dog Who Likes To Chew. When I got my 8 week old Golden Retriever puppy I bought him a small sized kong.  He liked it although it didn't intertain him for very long.  The liver and beef treats worked well and he liked them alot.  At least he couldn't chew it open!  I would rate it a 4
Nice little oven. I am renovating my kitchen and needed a little oven to do basic cooking and warming up of food. This little oven works well.  I've never owned a toaster oven before so I was a little hesitant to use this the first time but I've gotten over that.  The one thing I don't like is, the baking tray is a bit small and there is no utensil to pull the baking tray out, other than that, all is well so far
Get your lazy cats moving!!!. My cats are fat. They needed excersize. Before we got this toy, the only thing that got them moving was the sound of us in the kitchen, or running away from the vaccuum cleaner. It was sad.Now, they can't get enough of this great toy! They run and leap, falling over each other to get to the soft ribbon swishing over their heads. It's completely adorable, and we're glad to finally see them being active, and having fun ~ :
Works Great!. This napkin holder really does let you pull out just one napkin, even if it is down to the last few.  In fact I find it lets me pull out five at a time leaving the others still in the holder.  For an upright napkin holder it is ideal
Women's After-Shave. Get rid of razor bumps and ingrown hairs with this revolutionary after-shave for women.  It smoothes and calms skin just irritated by the razor
exactly what I hoped it would be. This three Shelf Natural Canvas Hanging Sweater Organizer was exactly what I hoped it would be.
These are great. I use these Ramekins for many different things.  The are a great size.  I also love the color
Hutch review. This was exactly waht I wanted as far as design.  The only problem I see is that you have no way of attaching it to the desk.  My husband had to drill holes in it in order to attach it to the matching desk.  I quess you could just sit it on top, but not very secure that way.
best nonstick skillet on the market. I've been a devoted cook for the past thirty years and I can truthfully say that this is the best nonstick skillet that I've ever used.  It has a nice heft without being unduly heavy and has very even heat.  Best of all, cleanup couldn't be easier.  This is the first Swiss Diamond product that I've tried - and I look forward to purchasing more
Very nice product. This table top press is the next best thing to having clothes pressed at the dry cleaners. If your a person that wears a uniform, then dry cleaning can become costly; so then the steam press is your answer. Not only does the steam press perform as exactly as described, it also comes with an audible alarm to warn you the clothes are ready. This unit can become hot just like a traditional iron and care has to be given when using this product. For a professional look, and a unit that will pay for itself in no time, this product is for you
Super Great!. This bowl is very durable and I love the different colors that it comes in.  The bowl is dish washer and microwave safe and my kids have banged them in the sink what seems like hundreds of times.  We basically use them for eating cereal but have used them for eating ice cream, popcorn, nachos, etc.  I love these bowls and am going to buy a set of Fiestaware for my mom
Great presuure cooker. The pressure cooker works really well. The most notable advantages are very quite and big internal space. As suggested by other reviewers, the thermal fuse is a problem. The power off problem also occurred in my cooker. But, you can buy a replacement thermal fuse from RadioShack for $1.49. It took me about 40 minutes to replace the fuse. The fuse is located at the bottom of the cooker. Replacement is not a big job if you know who to do it
Excellent Product and Transaction. The KitchenAid KFPW760 is exactly as advertised. It has three nested work bowls. The inner, smallest one takes a special blade (a smaller version of the standard processor blade). It's perfect for pulverizing/mixing small quantities of things. Pulling the used bowl out leaves the next one ready for use without having to stop and clean something. The same is true for the next one until you reach the largest, 12 cup bowl.A number of blades come in a well designed transparent and strong storage box (finally, a way to keep everything together). The unit even has with a fruit juicer accessory that replaces the bowl. It's the kind with the rotating hub (two hub sizes are included, one for lemons and a larger one for oranges, etc). While it seems to work, it's not as convenient as a low cost dedicated version such as the Black & Decker, but what the heck, it's worth trying.The motor is quiet and you get a real feeling of professionalism when using it. At first I was disappointed that there weren't any fancy front panel switch options, but after thinking about it, you only need the provided On, Off and Pulse.Would I buy it again? Absolutely. Would I buy it again from Amazon? Again, absolutely. The transaction was without difficulty and the shipment actually came earlier than promised
Surprisingly Good. My roommate has one of these pizza cutters, and when I first saw it I was skeptical.  It doesn't have a metal blade, only a beveled wooden edge.  However, it cuts pizza quite easily, and it is long enough to cut from one edge to the other in one slice for a straight, clean cut.  As an added bonus, it doesn't scratch up my non-stick pizza pan like metal pizza cutters do.  I highly recommend it
exellent product, exellent company. the product is great, though i haven't used it to vacuum anything extraordinary, so really i can't say whether its really strong or not.  but it has an excellent design.  its light weight, the wheels swivel such that it never gets stuck.the company - Witbecks - is great, as i didn't even realize that the vacuum was being sent overnight DHL at no extra charge (maybe it was 2 days, but i got it much faster that i expected
More Henckels. Since I had always loved Henckels, this new addition is a must!!!!  Love it!!
What a product!. Boyfriend loves it.  I love the peach cobler he made in it!  I had heard that this is the best brand for dutch ovens and it is great.  The pre-season feature was wonderful
Calphalon Black Dish Cloth. The price went down from $6.95 to $3.95.It's very nice looking,you will be pleased with it.Approximately 13 and a half inch square.I was expecting a black cloth loop to hang it from,but the loop turned out to be the sewn in label.That's okay
deni ice crusher. It does a pretty good job on crushing the ice, tends to "bounce around" on the counter while performing the job
Very bright light but limited to small books. The led is very bright and more than enough to read small books. But if you are planning to use for a laptop etc, this might not be the one for you. If you are using a decent sized book, its very difficult to get the light away from your sight and be able to read the book properly. This is because the flexible stem is very short. I mean its like just 10 inches or probably less
The perfect Champagne glasses. As Riedel wineglass users we were looking for some Champagne glasses, and pleased with the Riedel quality we decided to take these ones, and the galsses met our expectations. They look very nice, have the right shape to get the best out of your Champagne and of course they have the Riedel quality, like everything else from this Austrian manufacturer
Pyrex. A great storage container.  Since it's glass you can store without worry of discoloration
great for the nursery!!. This glider is perfect for my baby's nursery.  It is affordable yet still strong and sturdy.  The color is a little light, so I covered it with a coordinating blanket and I get tons of compliments!
These are a cooks dream. I love to cook;  I cook everyday and I got these for cooking and baking.Having nesting bowls that allow me to pre-measure before I cook is a plus.  The spouts make these easier to use than my previous set by Duralex.  It is easier to get liquid and some powdered ingredients into your dish because of the spout.When baking the spouts are a must.  Pouring ingredients into batter when using the stand mixer is so much easier when the bowl has a spout.  The small bowl is perfect for adding eggs to batter.These clean up easy and are also priced nice
Wonderful fiesta go along...... I hesitated to use these mugs when I first received them.  Now I use them exclusively as our everyday mugs.  They are a nice heavy weight ceramic that helps keep our coffee warm, they do not chip and wear beautifully.   I and my husband do not have a problem with the size of the ring to hold our mug as the other reviewer did.  I would have given them five stars if they held more coffee as I prefer a big mug.   These are simple and elegant in their design as all the fiestaware pieces are.  You can't go wrong with these if you are a fiesta fan
Excellent Performance. I bought this 2 months back at Amazon. Its performance in cooking time, and safety is highly admirable. Compared to the one that I bought from India, it is much much better
Works for me. I had a Sharp microwave for years that finally conked out.  I wanted to replace it, and tried about 3 others before I settled on this one.  The size is right (not too big) and the sensor (which I decided I had to have) seems to work fine.  Was a little disconcerted by the front "window" - it's plastic and seems flimsy.  But works like a charm, so far.
great for protecting your floors. I have 3 mini wiredhair dachshunds, and they are litter box trained, and this product is better than the dog litter box.  It's so easy to use, and the dogs no longer go over the edge and onto my floor.  It's so much cleaner.
Excelent Purchase. This item is wonderful.  We bought this item for our trailer and have not had a chance to use it.  We do have other calphalon pans that are great.
Double Leash. Love it.  This works great for me as I have a Boxer and a Boston Terrier which are quite different in height.  The leash allows me to set it longer for the little dog so that each of them has the same amount of lead.  Much heavier duty than I thought.  Love the swivel - no more getting tangled
Only narrow over-door shoe bag available. This shoe bag is THE ONLY ONE I've found that actually fits a narrow hallway closet door.  It's durable, washable, simple, and the pockets are just the right size.  One caveat:  the over-door hangers do NOT permit the door to be closed, because of the trim.  I attached my bag to the door using hooks instead.  The sturdy grommets at the top of the bag make this an easy fix.  Mine is stuffed with dog leashes, umbrellas, keys, tote bags, cellphones -- all the stuff you grab heading out the door.  It's a lifesaver
Great Timer!. We liked this timer so much, we bought another, so now we have red and black.This timer is quick and easy to pick up and set. We use it all the time at home, mostly to time tasks for the kids (and us), such as to clean up the clutter downstairs, or in their rooms. The kids like it and think its fun. Its amazing how much you can get done in 15 focused minutes.Yes, its made of plastic, but I don't think it feels cheap at all. Our two work great.The instructions say to always turn the timer at least 1/2 way first, and then set it to the desired time - this ensures it is wound sufficiently to work correctly. Perhaps this is why some had trouble. If you overwind it could be a problem as well
Presto 01370 8-Quart Stainless Steel Pressure Cooker/Canner. This is the first pressure cooker I have owned. I'm using it as an autoclave so far but I plan to cook with it eventually. The quality seems very high. The instruction manual is well laid out and easy to understand. Parts are easily available. It's very easy to use and seems very safe. I recommend it
They weren't kidding!. I purchased one of these cookers after reading many glowing reviews about them.  I have been using an old switch cooker for several years, and eventually I learned to make plenty extra so I'd have some "good" rice above that crunchy brown layer (yeah I know some people love it).  Even so, sometimes it would turn out too dry or too mushy.So after buying this cooker, I read quickly through the manual and tried my first batch...it was perfect! No, really! People have said that there is a huge difference between rice from this (and other zojirushi) cooker and their old ones, and were they ever right!  No more gummy, starchy-tasting mess.  I've tried two different kinds of rice so far and they both came out perfectly, with no brown crunchy layer. (If you like that layer, keep your cheap cooker!)  It's really foolproof.  Just make sure to wash your rice thoroughly, add water up to the line and poof! you're done.It does take longer than my old cooker.  From 45 minutes to an hour for the rice I've cooked so far.  But the results are well worth the wait, and the timer function almost makes this a non-issue.  Set your rice in the morning to be done at 7pm, and it'll take care of the rest.  Very easy, and foolproof.  Hey, even I could do it.
Made me a decent cook. I've never used a slow-cooker before, but it made me an expert after the first time.  I cooked a delicious pot-roast one afternoon and it cleaned up very nicely, too.  The removeable crock is very convenient and cooled down relatively quickly after turning it off and removing the food.  No scrubbing was necessary and that was what I was most impressed with.  Nice clean look and I'm sure I'll make use of the two smaller &quot;dip&quot; trays that were included.  Package included a few recipes which is great for a beginner like me
I like it!. We had an ancient Kitchen Aid and I loved it... but always had to store it in the cupboards since it was so big and clunky.  Our daughter now has it and is happy with it.  We bought the Hamilton Beach mixer and I like it almost as much as the Kitchen Aid.  The best thing about it is that the mixer lifts up, making things a bit easier.  The only slight complaint I have is that the medium to high speed is a big jump... it's a little too fast for what I want, most of the time.  Another plus is that it sits beautifully on my counter
Great deal!. I purchased this set after doing some online researching. Good Housekeeping considers this one of their favorite cookware sets. I paid $80 and I cannot tell you how happy I am with this product. I love the lids and the spouts on the pans so you can pour/drain out the water. Clean up is a breeze with the non-stick surface
Great Speaker, really impressed!. I was very skeptical about this when i got it as a gift, read some negative reviews on other sites and didnt expect much. Wow was I wrong! this thing has really great bass (which was the negative on other similar items) and pretty good reception. Get one, I love it. I hooked it up to my TV Receiver and anything that comes out of it, comes out of the Wireless speaker. i cant say enough about it - what a pleasant surprise
Excellent for hardwood floors. This is gentle on my wood floors.It comes with a power head for carpets but I don't speak to that. The hardwood floor attachment is highly maneuverable. A twist of the wrist and it fits almost everywhere negating the need to move stuff. It goes all the skinny way under the bed. ALL the way!Great vacuum.Mariann
Great purchase for everyday drinking!. We have been using Riedel crystal wine glasses (and still do on occasion with the handful that we have left), but I finally decided to buy Spiegelau glasses for our everyday drinking glasses.  Because we drink wine and entertain regularly, our collection of Riedel glasses has been diminishing --- although the crystal Riedel's are beautiful glasses (and still used for the right occasions), they are extremely fragile and I have personally destroyed several while simply hand washing them.  At any rate, after years of attrition via visiting friends and family, we needed to stock up on new glasses.  Because I hate to hand wash dishes, I began to look into the dishwasher-safe glasses from Riedel and Spiegelau for the new replacements.  I was going to just buy the dishwasher-safe Riedel glasses (name recognition of course), but I couldn't get over how much better the Spiegelaus were priced.  Moreover, all of my favorite restaurants use Spiegelau (and come to think of it, I don't think I've ever seen Riedels at a restaurant). Therefore, I took the leap and stocked up on the Chardonnay, Cabernet, Riesling, Port and Champagne glasses.  I'm really glad that I did --- all of them are terrific! Although not as elegant as the fine crystal versions, these are excellent for everyday use and large dinner parties.  I've already bounced one off of a granite countertop and it survived the collision without incident. I've also washed them all in the dishwasher several times and they've come out great.  I am very, very happy with this purchase.  I'm sure that the comparable dishwasher-safe Riedel glasses are just as nice (possibly nicer?), but you can't beat Spiegelau's price!
Nice drainer, easy to clean. I have only used plastic drainers in the past.  They always end up cracking or staining.  I have been using this stainless steel drainer for a few weeks and it is wonderful.  It is easy to clean and use. I think the quality is pretty high and the piece appears to be very sturdy and durable
Terrific Trivet!. This trivet is one of my top favorite pieces by Pistoulet!  It is a true work of art with its creative shape and raised 3D design.  I was delighted it was designed with the adorable Pistoulet farmouse on the front.  The colors are soft and easily blend with most Pistoulet pieces.  It's almost too nice to use as a trivet.  I ordered a second one just to display in a china cabinet.  It would also make a great housewarming gift as it would work in many kitchens
Beautiful, and should last a lifetime. You don't need anything fancy to drain pasta, but this colander is a beaut, and its steel construction means it'll last forever.  It's also quite large; if I had known how large it was, I probably would have opted  to buy a smaller (and slightly less expensive) one.  If you're looking for  a nice &quot;splurge&quot; kitchen item without setting you back too much  dough, this would make a nice choice
Could use a finer filter. I bought the funnel to put fry oil back in its bottles after each use.  It turns out the filter that comes with the funnel is not nearly as fine as I would like for such an application.  Otherwise, the funnel is fine.  The side handle is useful
Classic Holiday China, an Heirloom Set. Like fine china from times gone by this is a wonderful set. Whether you start with a few pieces and add on every year or start with a full setting it is a great holiday tradition. We use ours for all our special meals from Thanksgiving to New Year's Eve. Lenox has added some wonderful service pieces over the last few years as well. One of my favorites is a two bowl set with seal tight lids. The bowls are refrig, dishwaher, oven and microwave safe. The lids when on will not spill a drop and look lovely on the table. (They do lack the gold trim of the other pieces so they can be more go in the microwave, etc). Another plus is that most every department store carries it so it is easy to find and is always on sale before and after the holidays. You can spice it up with the plaid accent plates or the scenic dessert plate set - all are beautiful. I hope you enjoy them as much as we have
Proud to own 2. We know have 2 10 inch Analon Titanium skillets.  We like them all very much.  We had some earlier analon skillets and they are very good, but the titanium series is better.  An earlier Anolon skillet still is non-stick but is starting to lose something.  The titanium does not seem to be losing it.  Great skillets
Not too big and not too small. Great item and easy to clean. Well made and looks good. What more can I say?
Great Product - Shakey Business Practices. This is my third unit. Each one works great. It is very easy to install. They even provide several adapters to cover most models of faucets. Use some Teflon tape when installing and don't tighten with anything other than your fingers. Do this and the unit connection will last a long time. I also got a plastic swivel aerator from Home Depot that makes this just perfect. Too bad they didn't think of that. The filter indicator light is a nice feature so you don't have to remember when you replaced it last. It let's you know when to replace the unit. I always keep an extra filter on hand.It's great for coffee and tea, less frequent cleaning of the coffee pot and no build up in the tea kettle. The water tastes great too.I am a little concerned about Amazon's business practice with this purchase. The contents were previously opened. The components were complete and a new filter was included, but, the parts were loose. If they hadn't left the opened bags in the box, I might not have known. I would assume the manufacture was sloppy in packaging. The bags the parts came in were opened, and the parts were loose within the box.
convenient but weak. Easy to use and convenient, this espresso maker can produce a drink with a crema like golden cumulostratus clouds glimmering in the sunset.  The only fault I've found is that the espresso doesn't seem that STRONG.  I use a dark roasted bean, which I grind each morning to a fine espresso ground, yet still the results aren't as potent as I would like.  This is probably better for my stomach lining and ability to type coherently at work, but otherwise, not as much fun.  Overall good coffeemaker
Wonderful product. Very helpful for a cold home. I love this - it keeps the bed toasty. I takes some time to warm up the bed. I turn it to 5 and leave it there for an hour. When I get it, it's very nice and I turn it down to 1 or 2. I find if I keep it on 5 all night I roast. I do prefer this product to an electric blanket. It hasn't made a noticable impact on my electricity bills, and it was worth the purchase price.If you have a big pillowtop mattress, the pad doesn't quite fit like a generously sized fitted sheet. Otherwise, I would have given the product 5 stars
Very nice towel. The Grand Patrician Bath Towel is very soft and absorbent.  It's also a nice big size.  Very nice towel
Hamilton Beach Cool Kettle 40898 is great/safe!. I agree with good points from other reviews!To help you make your buying decision!-FIRST, I want to share my BAD experience with an inexpensive "plastic" hot water heating pot!Hope this helps?!-I first tried the,  Sunbeam Hot Shot 6131 (plastic pot), and it had dangerous/awful plastic water taste!? YUCK!Several other revierwers also complained about the awful 6131 plastic taste!I returned the plastic pot!From Google search...!- "Heated plastic will bleed toxic substances that can be carcinogenic"!Don't ever heat/microwave... ANYTHING in plastic!Rule-of-thumb!- Anytime you drink or eat..., and taste plastic.../TOSS IT!Want to be REALLY horrified!- Google " microwave cancer "!Ok, so I can't safely (?) heat tea/coffee... water, in plastic... or microwave? Now what!?SOLUTION!- What I did & LIKE IT!I bought the insulated stainless steel pot " Hamilton Beach Cool Kettle " 40898.Safe, Works GREAT, 5 cup capacity (to MAX line?), and FAST (about 60 sec per cup! Even faster, on smaller... re-heat!). Screen inside pouring spout keeps floating mineral in pot (see tips below)! Insulated so water stays fairly hot/warm (fast reheat).TIPS!- Fairly quiet when clean (no mineral buildup- gets bad!), and full of water.To EASILY clean add 1 cup of white vinegar to water (I always fill to just below open lid), and run 1 full heat-up cycle. Rinse out 3 times with fresh water, and CLEAN!
Great Everyday Wine Glasses. Upon reading the glowing recommendations of these glasses,we promptly ordered them and now use them almost daily!Excellent for all types of wine,a nice value and a great &quot;beginner&quot; set.A word of caution;they DO scratch easily,treat them with TLC
Good Everyday Knife Set. I really like this knife set.  I have been using it for months now and the blades have stayed sharp, just as promised.  They stay sharp because they are not straight edged, the edges are like a serated edge but done really tiny.  I was worried that I would not be able to slice as thinley or as evenley as with a traditional knife but so far no diffrence.  I am terriable about sharpening knives, so that and the great price is why I chose this set.  The steak knives are also great, so much better than my old ones.  I did not realize how bad some of my old knives were untill I started using these.  There is a noticable diffrence when using other knives when compared with Henckles.  Great set at a wonderfull price, I would recomended them to anyone who is as hard on thier knives as I am
AWESOME. I JUST LOVED IT, UNFORTUNATELY MY DAUGHTER DOESN T LIKE THE FOOD AT SCHOOL, SO I HAVE TO PREPARE LUNCH FOR HER EVERYDAY.NOW, I M MAKING SMOOTHIES, TUNA SALADS, FRESH GREEN SALADS.IT MADE MY LIFE SO EASY.IT CHOPS NUTS AND ICE PERFECTLY. EVEN SOUPS ARE CAME OUT GREAT. I REALLY LOVED IT...I TOLD MY SISTER ABOUT IT AND SHE ALSO BOUGHT ONE...ALSO I WOULD LIKE TO ADD THAT THE PRICE IS UNBEATABLE..
Excellent. I ordered these as a gift and love them. There are 6 different patterns and you can use them as a set or mix and match. They are sturdy and seem very durable
Great gadget to keep the kids happy. This is a must-have for a house full of kids. It works exactly as advertised, but it does best when using the ice blocks. However, one must use considerable pressure to get it to shave the ice correctly, which makes me wonder how long it will last. Other than that, it's great for those hot summer nights, or just plain fun
Very pretty spoons. There's not much to say about this item. They're just spoons--but very pretty, dainty espresso spoons. I've enjoyed using them
8+ years of outdoor "soccer". Well I'm ready to splurge and buy a new one for my big girl.  We have played our version of soccer on the cement driveway for more than 8 years with the 6" ball, and although the ball is raggety and faded, it has endured the test of time.  My dog is not a chewer, so I haven't had any issues with it getting holes.  If you have a chewer, just don't give unlimited access to the ball and give some other kind of chew toy.  It has been indestructable, but we're just ready for a pretty, new one
One of the BEST investments I've made. After owning a traditional wok for about 20yrs, it was time to try something new. The real test was stir frying dumplings and flat rice noodles (hor foon) because they require constant movement and moderate amount of oil, and if they sit for 5 seconds or more they will burn and stick. This stir fry pass with flying colors and with less oil. The added bonus is its shape; it makes it a breeze tossing the food like a professional. I only wish they had made it a little bigger, like 13 or 14 inches.
Great quality however... My mother bought my family the coffee table in this set and two end tables.  They were very easy to put together.  They look great!  However, the baskets were not meant to hold anything of to much weight.  We put videos and dvds in ours.  After pulling them in and out a few times they have started to take the black paint off the furniture.  We are covering up the scratches with permanent marker.  Furniture is an excellant find for the money
Great Product!. Makes Steak very tender ,"Melts in your Mouth". Seems to decrease cooking times also.Helps Marinades penetrate your meat for full flavor
It Works as Well as it Looks. I recently acquired this wonderful machine through an offer by Illy, which may or may not be the best way to acquire the machine, as I'm on the hook for a boatload of coffee, but I'm liking the espresso from this machine so much that that may not be an issue.  The pods can make this a great machine for a quick cup of espresso, but I prefer to use finely ground espresso roast for a more traditional (and inexpensive) cup of espresso (typically to make cappuccino or lattes).Pros* pro-style 56mm (not the full 58mm of other machines) chrome plated solid brass portafilter.* Separate pod (ESE) adapter with three different screens for different styles of espresso from pods.* Solid construction and very heavy (relative to its small size)* Fast heat up (1-2 minutes) and a very large capacity for making steam (which is very hot and dry).* After brewing grounds form a solid puck, though with water on top of them, as this machine lacks a 3-way solenoid of pricier machines.* The clock is functional as it has a second hand.Cons* Odd assortment of manuals with really no continuity.* Cup warming is relatively useless (it doesn't get that hot and it takes a while to warm up).  Run water (without grounds or a pod) through the machine to heat up the machine and the cups.* Often the cups will fill at different rates (despite my best attempts at a firm even tamp, but this is a relatively minor issue.Comments* This machine uses an odd tamper which separates with the handle coming off and the tamper head remaining on top of the grounds (remaining in the portafilter while brewing).  Beyond being unconventional, it makes it hard to get 14g of grounds in with the tamper head on top.  Brewing without it seems to work fine.  Research seems to indicate that they sold the machine without this for a while then "enhanced" it with this feature to limit the water build up on top of the grounds after brewing.* It may leak around the brew head while brewing but it is minor and infrequent.* Not too noisy (it does have a boiler and a pump, so it's also not too quiet either)
egyptian cotton blanket. very nice, warm blanket, but too big for a full size bed, way too big
works great. We do a log of pan-grilled meat, and this screen is the best we've ever used at keeping the splatters inside the pan.  Highly recommende
Does the job. A couple of changes would make this a great product.  His paws can get in under the chute to get additional morsels.  In addition, the top can be removed by my cat to expose the prize.  A screw-on top would be much better.  I had to use clear tape to secure it after I fill it up.  A small price to pay for the benefit of my cat being fed without me worrying. Overall, this cat feeder works pretty well.
A must have!. These are easy to use, they do not make a mess, and offer vibrant colors.   They do not taint what you are decorting as some colors can.  I would  highly recommend these to anyone to likes to decorate
Great product, easy to use and my cats love it!. No more fur, dust, cat food in the water bowl. I only have to fill it every few days and I have 3 cats who LOVE it. No more acne on their chins (even with metal bowls they were still having issues) ever since I switched to this product. The power box does get warm, but has never posed any risks. Cleaning is pretty easy, just take it apart and put in the dishwasher. Water is clean, aerated and Gink, Silo and Skittle approved
norelco replacement battery. The company that took my order did a nice job of delivering my battery.  They sent an acknowledgement that confused me since I had a discount on the purchase.  It turned out that the discount was Amazon's and not the sending company and I still received the discount.  Norelco wasn't too swift about the battery replacement directions.  There wasn't any.  I improvised.  The battery is working fine.  I would definately buy from them again.
Great little coffee maker. I have used it for 2 months, it is great to make a small pot of coffee rather than use the 10 cup. I recomend it
Concorde Chair. This is a wonderful chair. I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 because it will not be able to stay as wonderful as it is now. It may last me as good as it is now. I hope it does! Everything works exellent! But you have to wait and see. Kevin Mill
Global 4 1/2" knife. This is best knife I have ever owned.  Ultra sharp edge is easily maintained like new or better
Good quality at a great price. I had looked at several different air purifiers, both in store and online, before finally choosing this one.  I must say I am very pleased with my choice.  The price was very reasonable and it definitly exceeded my expectations, considering all the many options in air purification.  I noticed a huge difference in the quality of the air in my home the next day.  I have always had trouble breathing when I sleep and always clearing my throat throughout the day and after having the air purifier running for just a few days, I have noticed these problems dissapear.  It is also interesting watching how it senses things like vacuuming and burning candles polluting the air and adjusts its speed accordingly.  Definitly a great buy
Luv the light. I have now bought a few of these lights. I have put them in the shed's, closet's, anyplace you need some light. the batteries last a long time. and if the power goes out you not only have a light but a safe light instead of candles
Sunflower Minidisk Pitcher. It is adorable. We had a large picture just like this when I was a child so this is a special reminder of it. The minidisk pitcher is just the right size for an individual syrup pitcher for pancakes. I would love to have one in every color
Handy Little Waffle Maker. I had to replace a heart waffle maker as my grand kids love Nana's heart waffles and I had taken it to the beach and left it there.  They know Nana's heart waffles are the best as they come from her heart.  I love this one even more than the last.  It has great controls that make the perfect waffle.  Clean up is a breeze and it is cute!
Very nice. Okay, these are nice.  Very classy, very tasteful.  If you're questioning the quality, they meet the test.  If you're debating spending $20 for a set that'll last forever (and help guarantee a good impression), don't.You don't have to buy this specific set, but once you have something nice you realize how indispensable it is.  This has suddenly become indispensable for me.  Again, you don't have to buy this set, but buy something nice (and these do fit the bill)
A great pitcher!. This pitcher is a nice size and the only complaint that I have is that Mikasa did not include a glass stirrer with it.  It is not as thick as some of the other items in this line, but it is very nice nonetheless.  I would definately hand wash this item as it may break in the dishwasher. It goes great with the Martini Glasses for a touch of whimsy in your bar!
Pinzon 500 review. Really comfortable sheets.  Looks like they could be high quality and long lasting.  Smooth and soft.  Delivery was good. Value was O.K. at $59
Great for books too!. Undu is a very good product for taking price stickers off of books, video games, etc.!  I use it very often and have had nothing but good results using it.  The scraper included on the bottle is a help in peeling off the sticker without leaving fingernail marks on the book. Undu is a product you can't go wrong buying
Love it. When I ordered it I was not sure about the color but it fits my room colors well.
Easy to use for a beginning cooker!. I'm not the one to cook a lot but I've been making a lot of breakfast foods lately.  Then I found this waffle maker on amazon for $19.99 or so.  I busted it out today and it's perfect. Like someone else said, follow the instructions for the waffle mix and the waffle maker and everything will turn out fine.  Takes only 5 minutes from time you pour batter to time they're ready to eat.  You're supposed to flip the maker so it creates an air pocket and fluff, so I did and no problems! Makes pretty waffles, no mess, and easy to clean.  Also, it's a space saver because it stores upright with the handles facing up toward the ceiling
Soft and thick. These sheets are an exceptional value.  They are very thick and extremely soft.  The color was even nicer than pictured
Great pot-Great bargain!!. I was a little skeptical when I ordered this pot.  The price was so great in comparison with the All Clad price tags I've encountered over the last few years, as I have collected new cookware.  I was very pleasantly surprised.  It is a nicely balanced, heavy, well made pot; one I would put up against any of my All Clad pieces.  I purchased it as my "pasta sauce pot", since that is one of the family's favorites, and "even" cooking of the sauce in such a large pot is very important.  It passed the test! As I said "Great Pot-Great Bargain".  Highly recommend it
Garlic Express Review. My fiancee loves garlic - and now enjoys his roasted garlic in a half hour instead of 2 hours!  He loves his garlic roaste
Exactly what you need to make your Dust Buster work again. This is the exact replacement air filter (and bracket) for the older Dust Buster models (check listing to make sure your model is listed).  If your Dust Buster is slow, loses it's charge quickly and doesn't seem to work right, it might be that the filter is clogged, like mine was.  This seems to have fixed the problem
Beautiful. I use my pedestal bowl as storage for my onions and garlic. I leave it out on the counter because it is so beautiful. I love the sunflower color!
My Review... Upclose, this collar looks just like one of those friendship bracelets you used to wear as a child. There's nothing wrong with that.... It adjusts to whatever size you want and removes very easily. My kids take it on and off our kitten at their leisure. It just makes for a simple collar until the kitten's big enough to spend all that money on something more extravagant. Though, it is a bit brighter than the picture
Upgrading the litter box. this stuff is more convenient than Littermaid Mega automatic boxes.More costly but I have two cats and it really saves litter sweeping time.  I am very pleased
Fabulous!. I bought this for Mother's Day for my Mother and Mother in law and they both have said that they are still going strong.  I was a little skeptical at first but they came though.  Oh and for the other reviewer who wrote they are cheaper on Wal-mart is correct but shipping is almost $20, so this is a better deal by far!  I liked this so much i am sending it to someone else
GREAT VALUE AND VERSATILITY. I GOT THIS OTTOMAN IN RUST AND BLACK TO GO WITH MY RUST AND BLACK CHAIR, SAME MAKER AND MODEL, AND IT IS FANTASTIC. I FEEL A LITTLE STUPID RAVING ABOUT FURNITURE, BUT THIS COMBO IS GREAT, AND A GREAT DEAL. WORKS LIKE A CHAISE, WORKS LIKE A FOOT STOOL, AT THE FOOT OF THE BED, IN FRONT OF THE FIRE -- AT A SAFE DISTANCE OF COURSE. IT JUST HAS MADE MY HOLIDAY TO GIFT MYSELF WITH MY FIRST ARMCHAIR AND FOOTSTOOL, AT AGE 51. I COULDN'T REVIEW ON THE PROPER PAGE, AND FELT COMPELLED TO COME TO THE ESPRESSO PAGE TO JUST REMARK HOW SATISFYING THE PURCHASE HAS BEEN. ON TO THE LOVE SEAT!
Hot pot!. While I am more than happy with the pot itself (heavy cast-iron, nice big handles, purty color), I don't think it's too much to ask a manufacturer to produce cookware with heat-resistant parts. The lid has a metal handle. Metal, as we all eventually find out to our dismay, can be a fantastic conductor of heat. This is the case with Mario's pot.Using a material that doesn't produce second-degree burns should be a no-brainer.
Work well so far. * Purchased at PetSmart* Seems to work well* Very quiet when operating properly* Took our cats a little over a week to get used to it* The flow isn't very good when the setting is low.  We keep it at medium.* I clean it out about once a week. Cat hair from our medium-haired cat builds up and can clog the motor and scum forms on the sides of the drinking well
Good hangers. These hangers were exactly what I was looking for at a great price! They're the first hangers I've purchased in a long time that don't leave bumps in the sleeves of my clothing. I would recommend these hangers
Diamonds are forever and cost more than Teflon. My wife now prefers diamonds in her cookware instead of Teflon.  After years of eating out of Teflon cookware and ingesting how many pounds of Teflon over the years, I have finally seen cookware that lives up to the name of nonstick.  Instead of using Pam spray or butter on old used Teflon frying pans, I can now cook without butter, (or maybe just a touch of butter, I still love the taste) and get a perfect egg.  Throw away all those old wooden utensils.  You can now use metal spatula's or that old spoon to stir the pot without getting hollered at for scratching the pans.  My wife is happy so I'm happy and cleanup is a snap
Great for espresso. These little glasses are great for espresso.  The shot stays hot due to the insulating  air between the two layers of glass.  Very neat design
Excellent Cat Food and Tastes Good. My cat asked me to submit the following review:"Hi, my name is Obadiah, and I am N Lim's cat. He has been feeding me Purina Cat Chow Indoor formula for over a year. I must say that this is excellent cat food and tastes good. Before Purina came out with the Indoor formula, I was getting the regular Purina Cat Chow and always had an overweight problem. Weighing over 15 lbs, I never went outside and slept most of the day. This sedentary lifestyle caused some concern with my veterinarian, who said I should be down to about 12 lbs. Then, I started on the indoor formula and lost those three pounds. I am lighter on my paws and can still be just as lazy as I want to be.
Bark Free Works, but not 100 %. We bought one of these almost three years ago and it has helped us tremendously. I confronted our neighbor about three years ago about his dogs barking, he told me if I had a problem with his dog barking to call the police, I did! He tried to have a restraining order put on us so we couldn't call the police, the judge quickly threw it out and told him to keep his dogs quiet, which he never did. So when he saw me putting this thing up he went balistic. The dogs kennel is about 7ft from my garage where I hung it. The barking is down to less than a quarter of what it used to be. I have had my best results putting it on the setting so the neighbors hear it also,apparently they don't like to hear it ! Too Bad, so sad! The dog gets used to it so every once in a while I unplug it for a day or so. When it is unplugged you definitely hear an increase in barking. Plug it back in and you definitely hear the difference. It has really helped us where the neighbor wouldn't do anything and the cops always showed up after it stopped barking
DC14 Low Reach. I bought this vacuum two years ago due to having two long-haired pets, not to mention my own shedding.  It's been WONDERFUL.  Absolutely wonderful.  As much as my mom makes comments - and has for the past 2 years - about how much I spent on this thing, she has yet to complain about it since we've stayed with her.  In fact, when we discussed my children and I coming to live with my parents while my husband was in Iraq, one of the first things my mom "suggested" that I bring was my Dyson.  They have a dog that sheds quite a bit, and their vacuum cleaner wasn't doing the trick.  Our first day there, my vacuum picked up a canister and a half full of dog hair and dust in their living room alone.  They had *just* vacuumed the prior day.Really, the only complaint I have with this vacuum is the hose.  I with that it was more flexible all the way down, though I see how they can't really make it that way.  It can be a little resistant when pulling the flexible part out, and sometimes it has pulled the vacuum cleaner over, which is annoying.Overall I absolutely LOVE my Dyson and have no regrets in buying it.  I highly recommend them to anyone who asks
Very comfortable. I love my curiosity Mogu pillow, its very comfortable to sleep with and it is very cute. A must buy for anyone who ever likes Mogu in the slightest.
Great, but... I needed a saucepan to cook oatmeal in that would let go on the bits that stick to the bottom.  Sounds silly, but I love oatmeal and hate cleaning the pan afterwards.  This cleans up easily and cooks evenly.  I have used it for cooking rice, gravies and other foods that seem to stick and it always cleans up well.  Now, for the lid.  There is a black band on the inside of the lid and it scrubed off one night recently.  I sat down, wrote an email to the company and by the next day, they have a new lid on the way.  They asked only where to send it, nothing else.  I like companies that stand by the product they sell.  So, if you are going to buy from this line, check that black band, it should be between the glass and the metal, not on the inside of the lid.  If you have a problem with the product, ALWAYS notify the manufacturer, they will almost always make it right, like Calphalon did for me
7" Clip on Fan. Exactly what I wanted. Arrived fast. Easy process from order to use
cool gift for my groomsmen.... this was a fun gift for my groomsment.  the product works great and I got a great deal on it.  thanks
Great desktop heater. This is a great little heater for what it is intended for.  We try to minimize our "global footprint" and conserve energy by heating localized areas (not big empty rooms) and wearing an extra layer, problem is if you work on a computer most days, your hands get cold and you can't wear gloves at the keyboard.  Most compact heaters are 1,000 to 1,500 watts which is fine for heating a small room, but WAY too much for a hand warmer.  This little guy only uses 150 watts and is super compact, the perfect hand warmer!  The funky blue light is a great reminder that it is on, so you don't walk away leaving it running.  Bottom line, if you expect this to be like all the other 1,500 watt heaters, you will be disapointed, if you want a very low power heater that will not suck every last drop of moisture from your body, this one is great... and it is the only one I have found
Great griddle!. I have never written a review for anything before but just had to for this great griddle.  Everytime I get it out I comment to my husband how much I love it!  This is perfect if you make pancakes, eggs, french toast or grilled cheese as much as I do.  Nothing sticks to it and it is an absolute breeze to clean
The best hand crank ice cream freezer out there. This ice cream freezer makes the best homemade ice cream. I made the exact same recipe that I make in my old freezer and the texture comes out so much smoother and fluffier.  Even after hardening it is easier to serve, not rock hard.I bought this freezer to do ice cream demonstrations at two state historic parks and two living history groups. I had young visitors helping churn the ice cream while telling them about early ice cream making, ice harvesting and earlier versions of ice cream freezing. Unfortunately, I am not able to serve the ice cream to the public, but I served it to the other docents and one of them who seldom talks much came over to tell me it was the best homemade ice cream he had ever had, and his neighbor makes a lot of ice cream, but never with the consistency and texture like mine.  I was asked to make it again for our next event.I made a batch of chocolate ice cream at home it seemed as if I was eating frozen chocolate mousse.I am looking forward to my next batch.Be sure to rinse the bucket well and dry all of the cast iron pieces including the centering dimple in the bottom of the bucket and the crank case, salt is very corrosive and cast iron rust so easily. I rinsed it, but forgot to dry it, and with only two uses it is showing a bit of rust.
best buy. I looked at lots of machines because I wanted quality but didn't feel like paying for balls and whistles.  This coffee maker does what it is supposed to.  It makes great espresso and great coffee.  If you can live without chromes and brass and all that jazz, this is a great buy
The perfect fan. I'm one of those folks who can only sleep with "white noise" in the background. I used to use big Lasko box fans, but the cheap plastic blades on those would eventually weaken and flap around, making a roaring sound. Plus the poorly designed and made screws that held the grills in place would eventually weaken and cause the grill to bang against the metal box, making a tapping sound all night long the would wake the dead.I was a little nervous about getting this fan as I'd only been used to huge box fans, and this one seemed too efficient and quiet to make a real difference in the air and making "white noise" to fall asleep to. I actually purchased it at Bed Bath and Beyond (not Amazon) for $100, so I'm not sure if there is lower price out there somewhere. Anyway, I wanted to try it at home to see what I thought, thinking if I didn't like it I could return it.The fan was incredibly easy to put together, and you can make it two different heights ... short near-the-floor height, or "my bedroom is so hot I need a fan blowing right on me as I lay in bed" height.On low, you can barely hear that the fan is on, however it moves about as much air as a big box fan does on high. When the Vornado is on high, it makes a pleasing white-noise sound, and REALLY moves the air around in the whole room. It's easy to adjust to point it where you want the air to go. I point it at the upper corner of my room so the air bouces off and travels everywhere else ... it really works!The grill is extremely easy to remove (no screws at all ... just four secure clips), and the fan blade slides right off the shaft (no screw there, either). This will make it simple to clean just under the faucet in the sink or bathtub when it inevitably gets dusty and dirty.If you are looking for a whole room circulator or a white-noise sleep aid, I couldn't recomment any fan higher! Good quality construction and well-engineered thought went into every aspect of this product. You won't go wrong
Great To Use Item. I gave this as a gift to my daughter-in-law. Then I decided to purchase one for myself. I have never thought about wanting or needing an electric peppermill before, and now I don't think I could be without it. I would definitely recommend it to all
Sleek design. I like the stainless steel look of the microwave, a little larger than your typical dorm microwaves so make sure you have room for it and a stable surface (I use a $12 Ikea cofee table and it's perfect).  Only problem is this Micro makes a racket!  It's got loud beeping and a loud power ON noise when the microwave is zapping your food on high.  Overall, it doesn't look flimsy and I didn't have to worry about carrying it home, it was delivered for free!
Ultimate use. Let's face it, you make an effort to have your home clean and coordinated.  Nice furniture and practical book shelves.  But you do not live alone; there is probably a canine or feline lurking around.  It may seem novel to buy a bowl with a picture of Garfield on it or some cutesy saying.  But in the long run this durable, multi use, dishwasher safe, bowl will look much better and your companion will not have to look embarrassed every time he/she wants a few laps of water.
Rice Cooker works. Panasonic rice cooker does what it is supposed to: cooks rice and keeps it warm. I find that using the water line in the bowl tends to make the rice a bit soggy for my taste, so I had to find the right level by trial and error. Otherwise no complaints
Great knife tray!. I really like this Henckels knife tray.  The design is perfect and it holds all of my knives & steak knives in one drawer.  It's so much neater than a knife block that sits on the cupboard in the way.
Perfect for french onion soup!. I only bought 2 and now wish I'd purchased 8. They are heavy and appear very durable. The lid is fairly thick and has a tight seal, actually much better than expected. Wait for them to reappear on the Friday sale and save a couple of bucks. I assure you you won't be disappointed
INDISPENSABLE. I own a laptop running Intel Pentium 4 - M at 2.20GHz with 1 gig of memory and 200 gig drive and after trying other products---  THERE IS NO WAY OF USING IT WITHOUT THE LAPINATOR ---  because all I have to do is turn it on and in seconds it becomes intensely hot, and, just in case, there is no problem with the computer's cooling system. Lapinator does what it says, and more than that: it FULLY insulates ALL heat between the computer and my lap, it allows air circulation for the benefit of the computer, and it also allows air circulation between it and my lap. WHOSOEVER "says" this product doesn't work, has no idea of what they are talking about --they deserve to have my computer placed on their lap for just one minute without the lapinator....,though needless to say, worse than torture. By the way, this is the only review I have ever written about any product I have purchased in many years of dealing with Amazon or any other store, and it needed to be mentioned; my time is money, I can't squander my time for every Tom, Dick, or Harry.
Ibis White Cordless Water Kettle. I bought this kettle based on its description. I am pleased to say it works just as it was described. The Ibis Kettle boils water as fast as it said it would, the water is extremely hot for making a good cup of tea or hot chocolate, and I think it is well designed. I would highly reccommend this Ibis brand to anyone thinking of buying a cordless water kettle.
Very Happy. I like my new glasses. Thank you all for replacing the set that I received that were broken
High quality knives. You never know just how much a good set of knives will make cooking easier until you try them.  These knives were shipped very sharp and have been great ever since
fun but fragile. This is a great way to cut back on Starbucks trips.  But the blade at the end of the wand was very loose after a few uses.  I have to be sure it is tight before each use.  But it works well
My cats would not leave this alone when it was new. When this toy first came home the cats loved it.  My husband and I would swing it by its tail and then let it go and the cats would run after it.  Sometimes they would bring it back to be thrown again, and sometimes they would bite, kick and lick the toy as they rolled on the floor with the toy in their paws.Once the catnip smell wore off (approximately 60 days) the cats were not as enthralled with this product.  I found that if you make catnip tea from fresh or dried catnip and soak this toy in the tea overnight the cats love it again like it is new.  This same trick works for all catnip filled or sprayed toys when their appeal wears off.  I have not tried it with the furry toys, only the fabric toys.
Sheet set. The best buy I have ever found on 1000 count sheets! They are excellent quality
bbq king. easy to use and food comes out great while you are out working or having fun.  easy to clean
Perfect for serving brunch. I purchased the turquoise and sunflower a while back and just recently ordered the cobalt and cinnabar.  I loved this carafe especially when serving weekend brunches--even with just my family of four.  We feel fancy using the different fiestawares--and that is really special to my 5-year old.  I use this for water, orange juice, or whatever kind of juice you want.  And it just makes the table a little more festive.  The only thing I was surprised when I got this was I thought it would be a little bigger.  Other than that, it is absolutely beautiful and I don't mind having it in more colors than I already have
Great for picking up animal hair. I just used by new broom vac today for the first time. The first thing I noticed is how lightweight it is. I suffer from lower back pain and have always dreaded lugging out my heavy vacuum. This was a nice change! I have wooden stairs that were always a huge pain to clean but my new broom vac made it so much easier.I have three cats that love to shed. I could fit the broom vac into smaller areas in my living room that I normally could not reach with my regular vac. The suction is not very strong but it is great for picking up pet hair. I would recommend this item to anyone with pets that shed.I had ordered the vac in pink. It is more of a purpulish/lilac pink but is still a pretty color. I really like my new broom vac. I searched online and in stores. Amazon had the best pricing especially with the free super-saver shipping. Both Target and Best Buy do not carry the Dirt Devil Broom Vac in the color pink
good quality product. This sheet set is nice.  Deep pockets make it easy to get onto the thicker mattress and being fully reversible was a plus.  Quality is excellent
Does the job very well, but is feature-poor for price. I recently reviewed the Gaggia espresso maker I bought when I got this grinder, and mentioned the grinder in that review. My views on this grinder are simple: buy it if you are the type that is hands-on, because this grinder requires it. You need to be right there, watching, tamping the beans (especially if they are oily, but usually even if they are not) into the unit, making sure the grind goes into the pockets inside the catcher and all that, the entire time. Much like the espresso maker itself, it does what it's supposed to do and does it well. But for $200, I would prefer a more automated process
Brother ES2000 77 Stich..Easy for the novice. I am a total novice with sewing. This machine is so easy to use it is amazing. Fool proof...
Guiness Bottle Opener Review. Exactly as advertised. The item was promptly shipped and arrived in excellent condition.
great for wool rugs, upholstery. This is the tool for those surfaces that seem to suck in pet hair and refuse to let it go.  It's not a quick removal tool (think more along the lines of scrubbing a floor than vacuuming), but for things like wool dhurrie rugs, it saves the expense of frequent professional cleanings or and is quicker than trying to pull the hair up with those sticky tape fur removal things.  It really does pull up tons of fur, even from deep in a rug
Great Product. I had gotten this product as a birthday gift for my best friend. I asked her how did she like the sheets, she said that she loved the way they feel and that they fit her bed perfectly. She has asked me to see about purchasing some more sheets, this time for her daughter's bed
Great Rival Fountain. I bought this item for my daughter quince. I was a great buy!  The motor is quite, and the light is great.  However, it does splash a little when it gets a little low on liquid, but if you put a garland around the base it will catch the small droplets. It really looks pretty.  I am sure to use it at the hollidays and other birthdays.  But I do have to point out this fountain is a 2.5 gal not a 3 gal
The Best Mop Ever. This mop does an excellent job, just with plain water.  I think it is easier two have two that you can rinse at a time, so it goes quicker.  I am impressed with how much dirt it pulls from linoleum.  It glides easily, and rubs off hard spots.  I highly recommend it, as well as the dust mop
best pillows. We used to have 6 or more pillows on the bed to sleep.  Now we have 2.  They are so comfortable
happy customer. I own a Hoover Savvy that is going into the shop for the third time in the eight months I have owned it. I bought this little Eureka to get me by while my Hoover is in the shop. What a great little vacuum! It is picking up all the dog hair the Hoover has left behind. If the Boss lite works this good I can only imagine what the full size will do
Good but.... This is a good strainer but the piece that comes off the side opposite the handle makes it hard to skim things like fat out of a except for off the top of the liquid
I love this fan!. I am confused by the other reviews.  The fan makes some noise when on, but is not noticably loud by any means.  It is small in size, but is a powerhouse.  Our living room is very large - over 400 sq. ft. - and this fan moves the air around it and does a great job cooling it down quickly.  I'm buying a second one for the bedroom
Great PaperTowel Holder. Very solidly built paper towel holder and nice looking. I actually hung mine vertically (they don't make a point of mentioning that's an option and I almost didn't order it since that's the only way I could mount it).The one-paper towel per tear feature really works! I spent 2 years looking for something like this locally without success, glad I finally found this.
NordicWare Microwave Microwave Popcorn. Item was what I wanted.  Arrived in good order
Quickly roast garlic for a restaurant quality snack. I bought one from the Sharper Image store for $35 and it was well worth the $$$.  The roasted garlic is just like the appetizer you get at nice restaurants -- buttery texture / lightly caramelized flavor you can easily spread with a butter knife. This machine is great for making garlic bread or roasting garlic to put with mashed potatoes.  I've been spreading the garlic from it on my hamburger buns when I make burgers and it's awesome.  It works really quickly (1 button press and 27 mins) and cleanup is super easy.  My only complaint is the "cooking area" for the garlic is a bit smaller than you'd think for the size of the unit.  It says you can cook three bubls in there but the garlic I buy must be bigger because I can usually only get one large garlic bulb to fit at a time
helps with certain bladder problems as well. My cat did not have an actual UTI, but she did have blood in her urine.  I give her a capsule every other day which is reducing the inflammation in her bladder and all litterbox problems have been resolved.  Can't live without it
migrator plush wild bird dog toy. My Granddoggie loves this toy so much...it is her favorite!She especially loves the wild sound it makes
Not too bad for the price!. I've had these sheets for 2 months now.  I LOVED them when we first got them.  They are very thick sheets.  They are much heavier than regular sheets.  We've washed them several times over the last 2 months and they have only gotten softer.  The sheets fit deep beds.  We have a pillow top on our sleep number 5000 bed and the fitted sheet is actually a little too big for the bed, however the sheet does not come off while sleeping. There is only 1 draw back I've seen with these sheets: they pill.  Once we wash the sheets the pilling is less noticeable, but it's still there.  These are by far the best sheets I've purchased, and would've given a 5 star rating if the sheets didn't pill
cold water coffee brewer. My wife can now enjoy coffee again, no upset stomach!Simple to use and clean
great Saucier. The is a great pot.  Handle stays cool, heat is even.  as good as Allclad (I have them both) and looks as good.  This is a pot that you need in your kitchen.  GReat for sauces, the sloped sides make it easy to incoporate ingredients.  You will be please
A very good compromise. This item is a very good compromise for obtaining a soft serve ice cream machine for use in the home without the monster size and expense of a restaurant machine.  Easy to use and clean and comes with recipes or uses powder mix. The manual and video are informative and should be reviewed prior to first use of the machine.  This machine is not easy to move and is somewhat noisy (but sound signals when dessert is nearly ready).  Finished product is tasty and soft serve-like when dispensed from machine.  Cannot leave product in the machine for long but packaging materials can be obtained and product stored in freezer but while still tasty, takes on the texture of frozen ice milk.  Product will make other desserts and frozen drinks which is a plus.  Glad I purchased it, products are quick, easy, inexpensive, fun to prepare and a big hit at parties
Best Power Filters in the Market. The Aquaclear power filters are the best in the market. These filters provide a HUGE surface area for an efficient biological treatment of the aquarium water. I own four of these filters and have been running continuously for more than three years! They are extremely quiet. I have experienced only two problems with these filters. First, the filters drain into the aquarium during power outages and will not restart on their own. Second, if not cleaned frequently the foam blocks will be pushed upwards and displace the cover. Overall, these are great filters and I would not replace them for another power filter
Great knife for smaller hands. While looking at cutlery for a wedding present a couple months ago I stumbled on Calphalon's new line.  Being cheap by nature I was intrigued by their prices on chef's knives.  This led me to get myself one of their 8" models.  It is a great knife with only one drawback - it's almost too big for my small handed wife.  Although it almost killed me to pay more for a smaller knife I recently purchased a six inch version.  This knife we both love.  Fit, finish, and balance all would make you swear that this is a high grade tool.  Although priced nearer the cheapened up versions of Chicago Cutlery found in the Marts this is a knife that feels like it is a high grade piece.  On the downside the knife is not German or American made but is another Chinese product.  Unlike a lot of stuff from over there this time they got it right
Great sweeper for it's purpose!. This sweeper is a real bargain. It makes a perfect backup for a full blown vacunm. (It is a little iffy on hard wood floors.)Well designed and easy to use
weird start up but then fine. when I first plugged it in it had a problem and shut down. Something with it's saftey system I'm sure. After unplugging it and a five minute wait, it worked perfectly and seems to be fine
Great Set. My mother in law purchased this set for my husband and I as a housewarming gift and they are just great. Easy to use, they heat up nice and evenly and so easy to clean. I love them. My husband has always been a fan of copper bottom pans and these are great for any couple.
Double take. You have to look twice to notice these aren't silver. I bought them even though my daughter said she didn't like them in the picture, but when they arrived she fell in love. Also, I might mention, they are large pieces so my husband likes the way they feel in his hand. Their beautifully feminine pattern balances out their size. We had a bunch of macho guys over for dinner with their wives and, male and female alike, they all thought they were awesome
best cake pan ever. Perfect results when baking and cleans up easier than non-stick.  Doesn't darken or warp in the oven
Best Waffle Iron Yet. I really love this simple waffle iron.  Have tried other, fancier ones and never been completely satisfied.  This one does one job and does it very well, it cooks waffles.  Handle design could probably be better because you can burn yourself if you are not careful, you just have to pay attention to what you are doing.  You can't beat this one for this price
A 'Must Have' for Garlic Lovers!!. Being a collector of kitchen gadgets, I purchased this a few years ago and it disappeared among the other items in my collection. I found it recently and bought some fresh garlic, drizzled it with olive oil, and sprinkled some fresh thyme over it. About 45 minutes later, the house was filled with the aroma of roasted garlic....YUMMM!!! I have used roasted garlic with mashed potatoes and will never again do it any other way. The Norpro works much better than foil as it bakes the garlic more evenly. I use this item all the time now and just toss it in the oven when I'm roasting another main dish or casserole. It's so good that you may find yourself wanting more than one, as there is nothing that tastes better than food smothered in roasted garlic
HUGE recommendation!!!. This machine replaces a semiautomatic Delonghi, which, I thought, was decent.  Well...after using this for 3 weeks, I can honestly say that my old machine was barely competent.  The Titanium is a wonderful machine.  Not only is the espresso excellent but the panerella wand makes awesome froth and the thing looks great.  It's fully programable and, once set, it's just a matter of pushing a button to brew a delicious espresso - every time!  It warms up in UNDER A MINUTE, has a large bean hopper, large water resevior, very cool blue lcd display...i can't rave enough.  I've had no problems at all with this machine and I recommend it heartily
For the right situation, it's perfect. At 950 watts and with a footprint of less than 1 sq ft, this is especially suited for a studio apartment or for a kitchen with limited counter space and a limited number of electric circuits. It's also a true gem to put in a guestroom breakfast bar, or a vacation cottage, if you are lucky enough to have either one.  It works well for an elderly relative in assisted living. (Contrary to what the technical specifications state, this appliance does have an automatic shut-off feature. The timer shuts off after 15 minutes.)As a toaster, it's relatively slow but it's versatile. E.g., it handles bagels better than a regular toaster, warms up pastries nicely, and you can toast on only one side. On the down side, toasting anything DOES take longer, as another reviewer noted; this may be because it has what appear to be "light bars" instead of metal heating coils or rods.So, no, it's not a down-sized equivalent of an oven, or even a toaster oven. The temperature control is set in the vicinity of 375 F. You can't broil, but you CAN bake just a few cookies. Whether you use one of the refrigerated rolls of cookie dough, or make your own batch of cookie dough, you can freeze the left-overs or divide the whole batch into in pre-cut portions. Then bake 2-4 cookies while you prepare dinner. (What an aroma, to have them fresh! and no temptation later.) You can also let the kids/grandkids take out a portion, and bake them.A bonus is that the Toasty also makes superb English muffin pizza--no soggy bottoms, like in the microwave. I also like it for melting cheese on toast. It also reheats a single slice of pizza very nicely.About replacement pans and clean up: You can buy one of the thinner style silicone baking liners (be sure it's 100% silicone, with no fillers) for a small pan and cut it to size for each of the pans. Clean up is VERY easy then, and since the liners are reusable, it's cheaper in the long run than lining the pans with aluminum foil.If you are, or have, a handy person around, you can also custom trim a couple of unglazed baking tiles to make your own little pizza oven.SUMMARY: Downside is that it's slower than a toaster, more limited than a toaster-broiler oven, and a tad pricey. But it's small and it's cute!NOTE: To find a silicone mat without fillers, just bend it. If it turns white, the mat contains fillers, and it should not be cut
Not pretty but very functional. The cone filter holder works well for making single cups of coffee.  It's not really necessary if you do have a coffee maker, but perhaps good if you just have a tea kettle or other means of heating the water.The set of the mug and the cone is an odd pairing of two different shades of red that are not asthetically pleasing to me, but the cone fits on other mugs and travel mugs so I don't bother with the included one.  I don't know why I expected it to match and look pretty!Also, the shipping is a bit steep for such a small, inexpensive item, but it came well-packed in lots of padding
Great addition to my collection of KitchenAid. Love it.  Works so much better than my other brush
My Cat Doesn't Know He Loves This Collar!. I've gone through so many cat collars over the years. They either break, mat my cat's hair, or he scratches at them until I worry he'll hurt himself. Not with this one! As soon as it arrived, I slipped it over his head. He had no idea, and still doesn't. I'd all but given up getting him to wear his tags due to the problems with other collars. Now, thanks to this one, his tags are where they belong. I'm so happy that I'm thinking of ordering more to give them to all the cat lovers I know for Christmas stocking stuffers this year
Finally, a toaster that toasts!. I hate toasters, that is to say, I hate toasters that don't... toast.  In the past, I have returned new toasters along with toasted samples that show how poorly the product functioned. It has been a curiousity of mine that we can put men on the moon, explore the ocean depths, even perform complex organ transplants; yet man can not create an appliance that will consistently and evenly toast a piece of bread.Our previous toaster lived a long, albeit, mediocre life. We would have liked to have replaced it with a similar model since our expectations (low) were already molded by the last one, but it had be discontinued which left us on the quest to find another brand. Arghhh!The search ended with the Breville CT75XL 4 slice toaster. We've had the toaster for about 30 days and have toasted a variety of breads, bagels,and frozen waffles; all to our complete amazement and satisfaction.The unit's footprint is a bit large but acceptable, yet then most 4 slice toasters tend to be on the behemoth side these days. I'm not sure why the darkness control goes to all the up to 10 as we have found that setting it to 4 seems to be plenty dark enough. The digital display has an integrated timer with segments that blink as the toasting time counts down.  When the toast is ready, the toaster will beep just prior to popping up the product.Now, I'm not a professional product reviewer so I won't go into the nitty-gritty details as to the features.  You can read all about them from the manufacturer's website.  I just wanted to let those that are interested, that, for one who hates toasters, the Breville has been a pleasant find
Nice for the price... These are very good for the price.  The handles do feel a little 'cheap' to the touch, but work exactly as designed.  Simply designed, and the attached magnets make these a fantastic space saver, I placed mine on the metal overhang above my stove
Great!. I have two of these and we love them. I have not had any warping, slipping when cutting or chopping. I chop herbs on them and I have no problem what so ever. My life is cooking and I will not buy any other boards except these
I can't live without it. I have paid for my bottle with one little tip - use Un-Du to remove stamps from pre-stamped solicitations from people beggin for money, and then attach the stamp to your own mail. Or use it if you accidentally put a stamp on something you don't mail. In as few as twelve stamps you've paid for the bottle.And here's a tip for those who have trouble with this product; put a few drops on the BACK of the paper, behind the sticker you want to remove. Wait about ten seconds and it will peel right off. Wait another ten seconds and it will be ready to stick to something else as if it were the first time.Do NOT compare this with plain sticker-residue remover. This stuff is awesome because it temporarily neutralizes the stick-um, and then allows it to be re-stuck. Regular removers just allow you to clean up sticky gunk
A "Must Own". I have a very small kitchen, do little cooking, and own few pots and pans. But this is an incredible addition. Heats evenly and quickly cooks my "Skillet Sensations" meals. Easy to clean, and it's Calphalon (for cheap!), so you're snobbier friends will be impressed
ice cream maker. Item was shipped in time for Christmas.  Found ordering on line to be convenient
Jura Capresso E8. Have owned the Jura Capresso E8 since July of 2006. Have made over 750 coffees since that day. Heavy entertaining and daily latte's bring value to the machine.Machine has responded well under all circumstances. Only problem thus far has been with the frother which would jam from the froth to steam position.  Contacted Capresso and the expressed a new attachment. Have had no additional issues with machine thus far.Excellent crema  and good temperature for espresso. ( Warm the expresso cups before hand )As with other machines I have owned, experimentation with coffee to milk ratio takes some time. Once determined the machine makes a consistent brew each time.Have run cleaning cycles and filter changes when prompted. Machine really is super-automatic. The machine informs you when water is needed, when beans need to be filled and when grounds need to be emptied.Would recommend the machine without hesitation. Should this change I will update the review.
Best replacement filter. Great price.  Fast shipping.  No other way to buy these
Yes, I am writing a review on Yarn (is it possible for me to buy a life on Amazon?). Ah, crocheting.  Is there anything better on a snowy day than puffing on a tobacco pipe, blaring Borknagar on the stereo, throwing sugar cookies into the oven, and crocheting a warm blanket?  Sex, you say?  I think not!Anywho, Red Heart may be an inexpensive and all too plain yarn, but in reality it's the only skein I'd probably ever take the hook to (BTW, the 5.00 mm size H is your best bet with this yarn, as opposed to the 5.5 mm which Red Heart erroneously recommends.  As for knitting, I have no idea.).I've never seen the appeal of fancy schmancy yarns which cost about twice as much yet aren't even half the size of Red Heart.  They're difficult to manage and ridiculously expensive.  And while Caron (Red Heart's nemesis) may have a more silky texture, I wasn't as happy with the weave, or the feel I got while making the stitches.One may wonder why I chose to review the color Cornmeal.  Well, besides yellow being my favorite color, Red Heart's Cornmeal is currently the yarn I'm employing to concoct the blanket I'm working on currently.Who am I kidding, nobody's going to read a review on yarn.  I guess I've just wasted my time.  But seriously, I do love crocheting and this really is the probably only yarn I'll ever use
I love my Dyson. When I first saw the commercial for the Dyson vaccuum, I thought yeah right it will get clogged and thrown away like the other one's I've purchased. But, this vaccuum is great. It has not clogged, I feel as though I've just purchased it everytime I use it. When I think about all the vaccuum's I've purchased over the last 4 yrs. I could have bought 5 Dyson vaccuum's. It really is a great machine, and believe me when I tell you I use it a lot. I have a 2 yr old, and an 8 yr. old, so I vaccuum alot. Give it a try you will not be dissapointed
Color looks right to me. I bought these before I read the review below stating that the color was off so I got a plate from my kitchen to compare to the photo above and they look like they match to me.  I think the photo is a good representation of what you are going to get if you order this item.  These are a great set for everyday use and the quality is really nice.  I would recommend them for anyone looking to update their dinnerware with something new and colorful
Hot Toaster. I use my toaster a few times a day.  I usually have to replace every year, because we live in a throw away society where products are not meant to last.  A few hundred dollars for a toaster is a lot of $$ to spend, but I'm hoping it will last for a long time.  So far, so good...it toasts bread and looks good on the counter
I bought this as a gift..... I bought this as a gift for my mom for Christmas. I don't think she has used it yet but I'm sure I didn't go wrong with a KitchenAid product. I currently own the hand mixer and large mixer and love them both. Prices on Amazon can't be beat
Love It!. I love it! I saw this item when it was the in the store but was unable to purchase. I kept visiting target.com, finally I was able to purchase it.  I put it together by myself in about an hour and paid attention to the other reviews about putting the wine rack portion in first before screwing everything down, I made sure to stand it upright also and all the racks fell perfectly into place before I screwed everything in tightly. I ordered it on a friday and it arrived on Wed. Looks gorgeous in my kitchen! Get it before its gone
Great Pan. Great pan. It's heavy enough not to burn things, easily cleans and measure on side is a help. Would not hesitate to recommend
Beautiful, but wide. This is a truly lovely piece of glassware.  I have little hands, so it's a tad big for my tiny digits.  It's great for making cold drinks for a manly man with big hands!!  I love the cobalt color ... as it accents so many other colors
Hints and tips for using this product. Although it has two prongs to do two shapes at the same time, I had problems with the cookies sticking together so I would recommend only using one mold at a time
Even better in person. I saw these and immediately fell in love with them. I cannot wait to use them on my wedding day. Even my fiance was impressed with how beautiful they are. I love the combination of the brushed and shiny silver.If you are looking to send them as a gift even the Lenox box is pretty.
Aqua clear filters. These are by far the best filters I have ever used. I have had aquariums for approx. 23 years, and these filters are so easy to maintain. They do a great job
does what it does. i bought this pillow for my wife.  she sleeps with a teddy bear and is always doing work/homework in bed.  she was just promoted and i thought it would be a cute present.  so far, it's delivered
Excellent intro to a slicer. This is an excellent intro to a slicer -- a very good pre-mandoline purchase.This isn't adjustible in it's thickness, so you get what it cranks out, which is very nice, thin slices, about 1/8". A great in a small apartment kitchen, it's very small and easy to store. It's also top-rack dishwasher safe.The only thing I wish it had is a small guard to clip over the ceramic blade, so that it's stored safely...they are not kidding when they say the ceramic blade is SHARP!!! be very careful (and don't do the 'oh, i'll just run my finger on it to see how sharp it really is' test, like i did! ouch!)
Love it!. I've had this pan for over 8 months now, and I am very impressed with it. First off, it is huge and is very useful for large volumes. It has high edges, a fabulous fitting lid, non-stick finish is great and is easy to clean. I have used it for everyday cooking since buying, and it has proven to be a real workhorse in my kitchen. Some very small negatives - the handle has gotten slightly loose at the join (thereby making it easy for foodstuff to lodge in the very small gap between handle/pan). Mine also had a slight dent in the metal part of the lid, but no big deal. Overall, a fab buy
satisfaction. I have used this type of pillow for years, but have not been able to find the product for a year.  My husband found the advertisement for these pillows in the AARP magazine, I was overjoyed!  We ordered five and have been extremely satisfied.  We both have arthiritis in our necks and backs.  This pillow is perfect, as it aligns the spine, and you get a great nights sleep.  We got some spares and one for the van.  Thank you for this great product, and for advertising in the AARP magazine!  Sue and Jim Hulse
BEST $20 YOU'VE EVER SPENT - ESSENTIAL FOR READERS. I first bought one of these at Barnes & Noble, or maybe through Levenger about 5 years ago, lost it traveling and spent hours and hours and hours searching the web, going to stores etc. looking for another one, but it was out of production.  I bought other book stands in the interim, and looked at countless pictures of others but none came close to the simplicity and effectiveness of this little guy.  Tne design is near perfect.It folds up, so you can flatten it & stick it in your book.  It has little feet that hold the pages of even a realy thick paper back down.  It's flat surface balances on just about anything (I balance it on a pillow when I'm reading in bed).  It adjusts to different angles.  It's is a near perfect design.I've given this as a present and the response is always the same - "How did I ever live withouth this?"If you're a reader, DO NOT HESITATE.  My motive for encouraging you?  If more people buy them, they'll never go out of production and I won't have to worry about losing mine ever again.Absolutely essential for readers.
EXCELLENT PRODUCT. I have the entire set of these dishes and love them.  I am always adding pieces and this platter is wonderful
It works well. I bought this product hoping it would help eliminate the smell from 3 cat litter boxes. Even thought we change our cat litter boxes obsessively every day, we still had a nasty smell. This product works very well. However, it does not clean the air for an entire house, it works for a room or maybe two. And it is not quiet. There are two settings, one louder and more efficient. But even the lower setting is still noticeable when you walk into the room. It does clear the air very well, we run ours when we are not home so the noise does not bother us.
Excellent for the Home. The last microwave I have was great but the problem was it blew up the power in my house. So I need a new microwave and came across this one and is great for the home small and great to use.
Zen Garden. This Zen Garden was just as described, very nice and well worth the price we paid!!  It's not too big but yet not so small you can't even use it like others I've seen.  Very relaxing!
They can send a man to the moon....... Finally, a solution to the multi-cat owner's feline odor problem. This system works exactly as advertised, no hype. It is especially useful to the non-flushable litter user as it can be used in any area of the home, although it's a bit like the elephant in the room. Now, can someone please invent an effective system for diapers?
Great Addition. This Soup Pot is an excellent addition to any cook's set of tools.  Using this pot, there's no need to saute meats of veggies in one place and then transfer them to an ovenproof pot to finish.  It goes easily from stovetop or oven to the table and is compatible with almost any dinnerware.  Can you tell  I really like my new Soup Pot
Perfect Pizza Every Time. This is an excellent product and I highly recommend it. We rarely ever made pizza because it was never as good as what we could order. My crust was always a problem, never crispy. With this pizza grill, the crust now comes out perfect every time. The pizza looks like a real pizza! Just check the dimensions first to make sure it fits in your grill. If it does, and you're thinking about buying it, buy it. It also comes with an excellent pizza dough recipe.
A real "pie" guillotine!. This is the most impressive cutter I've EVER seen, and I've seen lots of them (mostly on their way into the trash because they wobble, or anger me in some other substantial way!)  It's true, fast, sharp-edged, fits nicely in the the palm, and dishwasher too, with no tears - ITS tears, you understand.  I would buy another one if 'small grays' carried this off in the night.  Great price, great tool, fast service.  Highly recommended
Healthier Pets. My cats started drinking a lot more water after I bought this. The intention of this product is to mimic flowing water. Cats love water movement,they are attracted to it and want to drink it. The more water they drink, the healthier they are. Try it, your cats will love it too
3-in-1 Grill a Good Buy. A versatile little machine that offers many food prep options at a good price, the Elite 3-in-1 Grill is a good buy.  The 3 different plates (waffle, sandwich, grill top) are easy to swap out, use, and clean.  The machine is easy to store & does not take up much counter space.  It's small size makes it ideal for meal preparation for 1-2 people, but might be a drawback for larger families.  It would be great in dorms or small apartments.  The biggest problem we found was that there is no drip pan or any release valve for grease.  When using the grill pan the food sits in its own grease.  Unlike many other grills there is no way to pour the grease out of the Elite 3-in-1 Grill easily.  I used a turkey baster (multiple times) to remove enough grease before pouring the rest into a drip jar
A Miraculous Product!. The scenario: my 6 month old kitten adopted from a garbage pit 4 months ago, for many unpreventable medical and physiological reasons reverted back to her feral state; fearful, crying, and creating all-night insanity, making sleep impossible for me, the other cats, and perhaps the neighbors as well.Most alarming was that the stressful condition she was in altered her appetite, and the most she would consume was some warm milk.I didn't want to add to the medications she was already taking, with a prescription of something like Diazepam (Valium), so decided to give "Comfort Zone" a try.I noticed an improvement within 8 hours, and by 36 hours, all her feral symptoms had vanished, and she was calm, slept through the night, ate, and was her charming, cuddly self again. During the first 36-72 hour period, there were some "extras," like her rubbing against my legs while I was standing in the kitchen, but now things are back to normal, and she is behaving the way one would expect a healthy 6 month old to act.The last month has been quite an ordeal, but with the help of "Comfort Zone," I feel as though a miracle has taken place, with harmony and peace back in our humble but cozy abode.This 48 oz. bottle lasts approximately 4 weeks, covers up to 650 sq. ft. and is recommended for all situations that cause stress in a cat, from new environments to the addition of a new pet in the family. It will also treat "urine marking," another symptom my kitty was exhibiting, as she would spray against the wall instead of urinating into the litter, a nasty habit that required a lot of cleaning up and that "Comfort Zone" has cured.Completely odorless, the bottle and plug-in unit is a 1-2-3 simple assembly, and feline facial pheromone that is the active ingredient does not affect humans, except to improve their lives by making their fur friends happier.
Nice cookware, but... I just received this cookware about a week ago and have used it a couple of times. I bought it based on research and reviews. I must say that while it is aesthetically pleasing and durable, it is not as low maintenance as I expected. I followed directions on using low to medium heat, not putting salt without boiling the water first, etc. and I still found that when I made rice, there was residue left that was hard to remove. In other words, the pot no longer had the same shine after washing. Also I find that this cookware needs to be cleaned immediately after using, and I feel it requires complete drying so as not to give the water a chance to settle. Now, I am waiting for Bar Keeper's Friend to see if this will actually correct the residue problem. All in all, it is certainly fine cookware, and I'm quite happy with it regardless of the drawbacks I mentioned. If anyone has any suggestions, I certainly welcome them..
Tote Bag. Can't camp without it! Perfect for carrying my dutch ovens easily to the campsite. Sturdy construction and protects my cast iron from rust
Great toy -- with a caveat, hence 4 stars. I have to give this a mixed review.My cat ABSOLUTELY LOVES THIS TOY!She wasn't much of an active cat, but I wanted to interact and play with her more.  And this toy makes her jump and run and spin and pounce and prance and dance and do the cat-equivalent of laughing and giggling (big wide eyes, slightly vibrating, hunkered down behind a pillow, watching its every move).She knows where I store it, and when I come home from work, she sits infront of its hiding place.HOWEVER --- it is not that durable.She and I play with it twice a day and it last about two weeks.When it breaks, the hardware that holds the feathered part shears off somewhere inside of the pole.  After that, it really isn't usable any more, because if you try to attach the feathers back by simply tying the string to the feather part, the spinning magic is pretty much gone and the string gets tangled in an instant.So, consider this a disposable toy with a two-week-or-so life span.That is what I decided to do and now I buy three at a time.'Cause I've not found a better toy.My cat goes CRAZY over it
We love this toaster!. We've had this toaster for over a year and my family loves it. It toasts consistently. It accommodates all widths. And the digital selector is great
Absolutely Fantastic!. I should start out by saying that I am a huge fan of Fiestaware! A friend of mine had already purchased pieces in this fab Peacock, so when my package arrived I couldn't open it fast enough. I had to see my new ware as soon as possible. And I wasn't disappointed. Peacock is absolutely fantastic - beautiful on it's own and even more gorgeous mixed with other colors (especially Scarlet and Sunflower).As always, the quality of the Fiestaware is way above all other dishes I've ever owned. To top it all off, Amazon's price for this set was well below other places I searched on the net. Just under $90 for this set is a steal.If you already have Fiestaware, this will look great in your collection. And if you are a first time buyer, I'd think this set would be a great start. High quality, beautiful color and a great price - you can't beat that
great pan for the money. I bought this pan about 3 years ago for about$30 and it has performed well.  It is indeed an everyday pan and I liked the nonstick quality.  You do have to be careful of treating the nonstick surface with care, as I overheated mine and caught my husband using metal in it I must now replace it.  But I am pleased enough with the quality and performance to purchase the same thing
My little Miracle. I bought this machine because I HATE to mop, I have a bad back and mopping will leave me useless for the rest of the day. I used this machine on my linoleum floors in my kitchen, WHAT A LIFESAVER. Not only was it easy to use but got up even the most caked on dirt near the front door. When I was done the floor was clean, DRY, and I didn't have the back pain that I'd come to associate with a clean floor
Good value. I waited for a while before commenting.  Yes they do give off some fiber initially but not excessively.  They are thirsty - one wipe and your dry.  Very good value ratio- price/quality
Perfect heater !!!. I bought this heater three weeks ago for my small room ( i was literally dying of cold)and i haven't regretted it one bit. It warms up very fast and the 360 degree function makes it heat up my entire room pretty quickly.The heater however emanates a 'heating smell' when its turned on, which you have to get used to.I strongly recommend this heater for anyone with a small room because of its safety features and performance
GREAT!. Our 'iron test' for any ice cream gadget is a very well-known brand of nonfat frozen yogurt.  For some reason in the freezer it gets hard enough to make a patio out of, but the Zeroll spade goes right through it.  Not sure the liquid in the handle really helps, probably more the excellent design -- i.e., handle size, leverage, heft, etc.  At any rate, the liquid seems to keep the handle from getting icy-cold while scooping, which is nice for arthritic hands. PLEASE note that the box says on the back but in much-too-small print : DO NOT PUT IN DISHWASHER. It rinses off perfectly after use in ordinary tapwater so no problem
Great buy. It took me a while to find this decanter. I purchased it for my boyfriend for his birthday. He loves it. It is a great addition to our kitchen and really brings out the room. It isnt as expensive as some of the decanters I looked at but it makes our wine taste great. We really notice the difference. All wine lovers should make the investment.
Best Kitchen appliance EVER!!. I LOVE this food processor - it is so easy to use, and I don't have to lug out my big processor to shred and slice.  Makes everything go so fast in the prep of meals!  I HIGHLY recommend this for the busy cook
Works everytime. I even use this on my dog stains and it works great. 9 times out of 10 there is no "remarking" of the area, which I found would happen with a lot of other products because the smell was still there
We love it!. We got this corkscrew as a wedding present over two years ago, and it is one of our favorite and most used gifts.  I was a bit intimidated of it at first, but once I figured it out, it was a breeze!  It opens both rubber and cork with equal ease.  The only problem we have experienced is that a little plastic piece of the foil remover broke off and now it doesn't stay locked in very well.  Otherwise, we love this corkscrew and highly recommend it to all
Big and simple. My wife and I both dislike the curlicues that adorn a lot of silverware.  We wanted something clean-looking and inexpensive, and this set is definitely it.One could question the proportioning of the dinner forks and knives; they're truly massive.  But they feel very good in the hand because of the weight.One of the knives got a small discoloration, but everything else has cleaned up perfectly after several runs through the dishwasher.  The satin finish shows detergent spots more than a glossier finish might, so make sure your dishwasher's got enough Jet-Dry
The best $28 I've spent in a while. I got four of these when they were on sale for $7 each. We ordered them just to have backups fro guests and the like. I thought they would be like those thin cotton hospital blankets, but I was pleasantly surprised. They are soft, comfortable blankets of what seems to be fine quality. They are large enough to cover me (I'm 6'2"), and warm enough that that they don't need to be doubled
We Love It. We are very pleased with this vacuum.  It replaced a 26 year old Hoover which finally died.  The suction on this vacuum is amazing; we love it and our cleaning lady loves it too.  What a reasonable price!!  I paid three times this much 26 years ago.Michel
Ionic Pro CA200T Compact Air Purifier. It is working excellent.  I have an two, one in each bedroom and a set of extra collection blades so I can have them operating at all times. I am pleased with the operation of them and would recommend Ionic Pro.
A Terrific Machine for Its Price. I have had my Corner Bakery for 4 months now. On the average, I use it about once a week. So far, I have used it only for bread and dough, and have used the regular, sweet, Instabread and dough cycles. I have found it to be very reliable with both the recipes provided and recipes from other sources. I also like it because it will make loaves as small as 1 pound and up to at least 2 pounds.A few tips:1. In cold weather (room temperature at or below 65), I prewarm the pan and all ingredients to about 80 degrees.2. I measure flour by weight (133g = 1 cup)with an inexpensive diet scale and find it to be much easier as well as more reliable than measuring in a cup.3.The dough is too wet if it leaves traces on the floor of the pan as the kneading blade sweeps it around. Add flour about a tablespoon at a time.4. The dough is too dry if it does not cohere into a single ball. Add water about 1/2 tablespoon at a time.5. I have also found that I can cheat a bit and use the Instabake cycle successfully with recipes that are at least 50% white flour (I haven't dared yet to use more whole wheat flour on that cycle).This is my first review ever, but I found other reviews helpful in chosing to buy this product, and hope to help the next shopper. For more money, there are breadmakers that allow you to reprogram the cycles, run partial cycles, make jam, and recover from power failure, but this one does a great job making bread and dough for half the price. I am very happy with mine
Great pillow. My daughter thought it was the real thing.  She loves this pillow
Great Faucet Filter System. I purchased this in lieu of a pitcher system. It is easy to install and the LED indicator for the filter is fantastic. No guessing when the filter needs to be replaced. I have not used other faucet filtering systems, but this one is easy to install and makes NYC water taste better. I have been using this filter for 8 months now without any problems
Great Scissors for all size hands. I have very large hands,  my wife small hands.  These scissors are comfortable for both of us---sharp----easy to cut with---well worth the mone
garlic roller. I love this -  had seen items like it and so broke down.  Now I am sorry I have not had one for years and year
The glass makes a difference. Lovely glasses, and the price is right. More importantly, the glass does make a difference in your enjoyment of the wine. And these are great
Fiestaware. The fiestaware was in excellent condition and the delivery was prompt.  Excellent seller
Great deal but shipping is too risky... FInally I saw these sold by amazon and not a third party seller which would charge so much on shipping you could get two more sets.  SO i jumped to get these from amazon, good deal esp. with free shipping.  I give this four stars because when this fragile set ships it is extremely vulnerable to breakage.  I don't think it's amazon's fault, they're probably not meant to be shipped.  And that is what happened to my set.  Went and got this set from the store to go with my existing set of Sango Black dishes, bowls, mugs.
Love it when products are simple, easy to use!. We are first time users, and loving this product. We just received this product from Amazon last night, and we right away starting using it early the next morning. The set up process was very quick. There are three parts to this item: the griddle unit, heat control unit, and slide-out drip tray plus the instructions booklet. The recommended temperature heat settings for a variety of foods (and their cooking time) are conveniently printed on the instructions booklet. All you have to do to get going is wash the griddle in soapy water and season it with your choice of cooking oil. We prep the night before to make things go smoothly in the morning.Morning time we used the griddle to prepare three fruit-filled pancakes (7"-8" inch), four sunny-side-up eggs, and 2 slices of bacon in ten minutes flat. It took less than four minutes to preheat to 300 degrees, the recommended temp for fried eggs/ bacon, and just under another extra minute to preheat for pancake temperature (350 degrees).  The eggs took about 5 minutes to cook (to our taste), bacon 7 mins; pancakes 3 mins. The food cooked to perfection, especially the pancakes, perfectly evenly browned and fluffy. If the griddle is preheated at the correct temperature for pancakes, the pancake batter will not overrun all over the place. So you do not need to buy the advertised rings as an extra to contain the pancake batter. You will however need plastic cooking utensils (metal is not recommended).The greasier the food; the greater the smoke, so you may want to place this in a well ventilated area if you are going to be cooking quantities of greasy things like bacon, pork chops, etc.I am planning on making a copy of the recommended temperature heat settings for the different foods, have it laminated, and placed in a convenient location for my family's easy quick reference when using this griddle
Great Product. Well, after trying about every brand of shampoo to get rid of my dandruf problem, none of them helped. So i decided to go with this product based on 1 review it had, i took my chance. After the first use, i noticed the difference right away. My hair was soft, and after about a month of using this Shower filter, my dandruff is about 95% gone. I am really satified with this product, i will purchase another set for my 2nd bathroom
Correct air cleaner model numbers listed here. The "Features:" and "Product Discription" do not list the correct Honeywell air cleaner model numbers that use this filter. Here is the "Replacement Filter Table" on the box of the HRF-11. The first number is the Air Purifier series followed by the # of filters required in parenthesis. The last, right number is for the HEPA filter model # it replaces:10500  (2) 2050010590  (1) 2059017000  (2) 2050050100  (1) 20590As another reviewer has already noted, this is not really a 'permanent' filter because it must be replaced every 3-5 years under normal use, just like the non-permanent filter that originally came with the air cleaner.I'm giving it 4 stars for two reasons: 1. Because I really do not find a difference in the way this works yet compared to the filter that came with my 17000; and 2. My machine requires two of these so the air actually goes through less HEPA material than the one-piece filter that came with the machine [casing and spacer where HEPA material would be if a one piece filter]. Only time will tell if I have to replace this sooner than I would for a one piece filter (yearly) due to it's usage in a room with a wood stove
check prices. This is a very nice knife set.  Consisting of imported German steel but made in China, the forged blades are substantial, balanced and well made.  The attractive block has slots for three additional knives.  It is a good deal even at the listed price, but do some comparison shopping.  I got my set at an outlet mall for only $60.00!  They are not "seconds" and have made cooking even more pleasurable.
Good Mixer. I grew up using a KitchenAid.  I've missed it for 20 years and am glad to finally get one.  It works great!  The only problem is that small batches don't get mixed well as it is more suited to large quantities.  The flour at the bottom never seems to get incorporated into the mixture.  It had the same problem 30 years ago.  You would have thought they would fix it by now. (It seems to be the bowl design.) But I still like the machine
Nice gift. Gave as a gift and she really liked it.  So far, so good
Good product. Good solid, nice-looking holder.  Size of opening works well with the tissue boxes (some covers have openings that are too small).  Highly recommended
Nice juice, easy to use, easy to clean. This is my first juicer.  I love it.  It came without directions, but was easy to figure out.  (Omega promptly responded to my email and sent the directions.) It makes great juice.  Tastes great, nice consistency, gives a raw food "jolt."  I do not notice any change in temperature at all.  I get cold in, cold out; room temperature in, room temperature out.  So easy to clean, which makes it easy to use.  Seeing what happens to whole carrots makes me respect the power of that motor and auger!  I got a hand press juicer for citrus, because it was a hassle to peel oranges before juicing them in the Omega, and oranges are way too bitter and acidic when juiced with the rinds.  Leafy veggies juice very well in the Omega.  What has not juiced well are pomegranites (because I sent a bunch of rind through and it's too much hassle to separate out the seeds; I also got juice all over cutting up the fruit), bananas and figs (both are all pulp).  Melon, apple, pears, carrots, celery, lettuce, kale, spinach, parsley, bok choy, garlic all juice very well.  I let it send the pulp into the sink and send it down the garbage disposal when I am done juicing.  The included "toothbrush" is helpful for cleaning the tiny screens.  It can make applesauce and peanut butter, but the peanuts have to be shelled, so I only tried that once.  I am very, very happy with it and use it every day.  It juices as fast as I can cut things up for it.Note - After a year of almost daily use, I still love it
Lab Rottie Mix LOVES THIS TOY. My dog is an 85lbs, 3 year old Lab/Rotweiler mix -- and this is a durable toy.  She shakes and chews and just loves to play with this set.  This type of fabric toy doesn't usually last this long around our house.  She usually finds the weak link and distroys it. But this is the best $[...]  I've spent on a dog toy.
Nice item. The item is wonderful.  The shipping of the item arrived bent and twisted.  I did not want to send it back because I wanted to make coffee.  The people that packaged it did a lousy job of protecting the item sent
Perfect Jar. I love this jar!  It looks great on my kitchen counter with a batch cookies in it! I am going to order a few more of these and the 2-gallon size too!
Happy Chef. My wife and I received this tagine as a wedding gift several years ago, but only recently have I started cooking with it regularly. The food, without exception, has been delicious. Highly recommended are the honey chicken and Moroccan lamb recipes that come with the Le Creuset cookbook. My only complaint about this product is its capacity: it can really only handle enough food for four or five people, unless you're going to offer a lot of other dishes for your guests
Modern Style Black Finish Metal Eight Hook Coat Hat Rack. Good product for this pric
Perfect Griddle. The Hamilton Beach is the perfect griddle to use on a regular basis. Even Heat, easy to clean and takes very little Space.
The good life. This machine is wonderful! I first tried Flavia coffee a couple of years ago while waiting for my car to be serviced at the Mercedes dealership. Best coffee I'd had in a long time. It's so nice to walk into the kitchen, insert a packet and push a button for a cup of hot......whatever I feel like! This machine deserves a five rating in the ease of use and the flavor of the packets, whether they are teas, coffee or chocolate. I would recommend this to anyone
LOVE IT. the slant of the toaster is ideal for placing this in a tight corner space... it is big, but I do love it's features.
Miniature Donkey Approved. We tried a couple of items but this is perfect for cleaning out the stall and the barnyard.  It doesn't pick up too many wood chips and will work in light grass.  They are also light...as is my wife
Anchor Hocking Oven Basics Baking Trio 3 Piece Value Pack. Was very pleased with the quality of these three baking dishes for thevery reasonable price I paid.  The three different sizes offers a widevariety of recipies that can be baked in them
So I Bought a  Bamboo Rug. I bought this rug thinking I could save my living room wall to wall carpet from spills and muddy feet. It is working. It adds to my decor and seems to be an instant eye catcher. Most ask, "Is this wood?" I reply, "Not just wood, it's bamboo." They say cool, it's different and I think it adds to my table and t.v. stand that are also the same natural color.It seems durable and easy to clean. I have sat my sofa on it and it hasn't broken as well as my computer chair and people's weight has not dented it. It can get scratched but its wood, so I think you could just polish it. We live in an apartment now, but when we get a deck or a yard, this would be great for that as well. It is a pretty large size and gives and Asian feel.All in all, great buy
Easy and Effective!. This sharpener is SO easy to use, and works really well! My knives are all as sharp as when I bought them. And the nice thing is that it works with all my flat-blade knives, not just my Rachael Ray knives.
super. this is the best toster oven,its looks great ,works like a charm,you will love it,buy i
WONDERFUL. THIS IS THE BEST THING FOR YOU SOFA IF YOU HAVE DOGS CATE OR KIDS IT STAYS CLEAN LONG ENOUGH AND IS VERY WASHABLE NEVER LOST ITS COLOR OR SIZ
Pricey, but dang good!. Other reviews go into the details of how easy this machine is to use and how awesome the shaved ice drinks are, so I won't duplicate. But I have to say, being a pina colada connoisseur, this thing makes better drinks than most restaurants and bars! I am thrilled with it! I bought it for a big margarita party I was throwing and it was quite the conversation piece! It was certainly a splurge, but is so well made I know I will be using it for years to come.
Strong tool, good price. I bought this set at Petsmart for $50 for my long-haired rottweiler. Let's get one thing straight here - my rottweiler has THICK hair, about 3 inches long, and she's completely covered in dirt all the time. These clippers cut through her hair (I didn't give her a bath, so they cut through her dusty fir) with no problems at all! I got about 4 good uses out of these, then the blades finally went dull. I searched on the Andis website which is EXTREMELY helpful, they show you a list of blades that fit your clippers and you can buy from them or find a store that sells what you need. The replacement blades are about $16 for the horse/dog type ... I have to admit, I contemplated buying sheep clippers for my dog at one time. The motor runs the same as when I first bought it regardless of all the dirt and hair that has gone through it.I have to say that even spending $50 on these clippers is a good deal, since taking a dog to get groomed can be $40 or more each time! The kit comes with a ton of clipping guides of all sizes, sheers, clipper lubricant, and brush. It also comes with a video which I never watched, so I can't say if it would be helpful or not.I definitely recommend this for any size dog
... ...This pan makes great popovers, but remember to preheat the oven WITH the pan inside
5 piece canning kit. This is the first time I canned tomatoes and the 5 piece canning kit worked just fine. Didn't need the jar opener, though
Great Scissor Assortment. These scissors are comfortable to use, solid, attractive. The sizes bundled in this set were just what I was looking for. Excellent product - great value
Stand Broke Off. After reading the prior review, I was compelled to write. The rack looks great, works great, and does come with a full complement of spices. Unfortunately, my stand was also disattached from the face when it arrived. It is easy to see why as the metal attachments are very small and appear easy compromised. This is a design flaw. Fortunately, I was planning to hang mine anyway so I am staisfied with it
Handy kitchen item. These are thin, lightweight, flexible mats that are great for chopping things on and then picking up and folding up the edges to pour the food into a pot/pan. This thinness/flexibility has a "downside" too: I do agree with the other reviewers that these mats tend to curl up and not lay flat.  However,they clean up easily, the price is right, and I am happy with my purchase.
Perfection. I've used 10" chefs' knives at my job before, but never a good one. Honestly, when I took this knife out of the box, it seemed very heavy and unbalanced. Then I started using it; the balance came through the second I sliced through a hard potato with virtually no effort. I'm amazed at how precise I can slice and dice with this knife, (I also have a much smaller Kershaw 6" utility knife). I think the shape of the blade combined with it's small width guides your fingers perfectly. I can cut foods as well as my Japanese mandeline with it! German style knives have their place, but this knife is pure perfection, beautiful, and versatile
strong and attractive. This blender is outstanding -- powerful and pretty.  Should have been - however -- "dishwasher safe"
Excellent, well-designed product. We bought the Breville TG870XL after returning a George Foreman GRP90WGR Next Grilleration grill. The Breville product is far superior.1. The Foreman grill heated unevenly--hot in the center and much cooler toward the edges. The Breville is far more uniform in heat distribution.2. The Breville grill is heavy-duty; the Foreman is light and "tinny."3. The Breville has a floating top plate that can accommodate thick steaks and sandwiches. The Foreman grill is hinged at the back and has a 1-inch maximum thickness capacity. It tends to mash sandwiches too thin. Not so with the Breville.4. The Breville grill locks closed and can be stored on edge.5. The Breville unit (contrary to other reviewers) does indeed reach a max temperature of 420 F. I checked ours with a candy thermometer.
best countertop appliance I have!!!!. as much as i love my kitcheaid stand mixer, this food processor is wonderful!!  it is quiet and i use it to make icing instead of using my mixer.  it chops and slices and shreds and whips....i shredded a dozen zuchinni in less than 2 minutes.  the 4 cup bowl makes a great mini  processor.this thing comes with a spatula, mini bowl and small blade, the bowl and large blade and 2 disks.  i see nothing wrong with the way they slice in spite of what another reviewer saId.  i just cannot find anything wrong with this machine.  it is hard to believe something with a half horse power motor can be this quite.  it is more quiet than my hair dryer and i only wish my wheat grinder was this quiet.. this food processor purrs like a kitten.there is nothing about this machine that i don't like and i use it several times a week.  it mashes potatoes in no time and they turn out very smooth and creamy.everything about this machine is wonderful..before this i had a hamilton beach food processor and i got a lot of good out of it but this thing really is built like a tank, just like another reviewer said.  this thing will last for years.  it is my all time favorite kitchen toy!!!  have not used the dough blade to make bread yet....
A pretty good canister. I love Fiestaware and these canisters go perfectly in my kitchen. I like that they are large enough to get a decent amount of flour and sugar in them.  The seal seems really airtight, but I did accidently splash some water on the top of them, and the water did get into the canister.  They are easy to clean and look very classic
The Best Knives I'VE ever used!!. I'm no knife expert, but I've never regretted purchasing this set:  they're beautiful and they really do the job!  To be able to easily slice through raw meat, vegetables, tough skinned tomatoes - well, it's a pleasure to work with these knives!  I can't recommend them highly enough
Sturdy, well made, easy to clean.... We built a new house and I decided NOT to move my rusty old bakeware into the brand new shiny kitchen...I bought this pan (among other things) and am very pleased with it.  It is very strong, sturdy, and easy to clean
Love this pressure cooker!!. I have always wanted to try a pressure cooker, but was afraid - heard too many stories about unwanted explosions etc.  After seeing Emeril Lagasse use one, assuring the audience of safety..I decided to buy one.  What a great kitchen item this cooker is!  It's just the right size for my family and I can't believe how fast it cooks..it's amazing.  It also has great safety features which are pretty well foolproof.  It's heavy gauge stainless steel, so it's extremely durable..and the gasket is easily available on Amazon. It's not often that I find something that is a really worthwhile addition to my kitchen..and this cooker certainly is
Wonderful Pillows!!. I was kind of hesitant to buy a pillow online, not knowing what it would feel like, but I am pleasantly surprised.  Ever since receiving the pillows I have had a greats night sleep.  They are very soft and fluffy, and also came at a wonderful price.  I would highly recommend them
Top quality pans. Bought these on sale and am quite pleased.  Totally non-stick but I have not had them long enough to comment on their durability
Great sheets. I love my flannel sheets. They are the softest I've ever owned and would recommend these to everyone
One BIG Platter. This is great for entertaining.  My problem is storage.  It is so big that it doesn't fit in any cabinet.  It is now just on top of my refrigerator (no fiestaware should be reduced to being on the fridge having misc. "stuff" thrown on it :).  I like the other reviewer's idea of using it as art.  It's beautiful and still worthy 5 stars, but consider storage before you purchase
Super Blender. I got this to replace an Oster blender whose motor burned out.  I ordered it without consulting my wife.  Initially she was not happy because this one doesn't have all kinds of buttons etc.  It is also extremely noisy, you have to hold onto it when using it or it will migrate off the counter, it is heavy, takes up a lot of space, it is pricey, and it can draw 12 amps (don't put it on the same circuit as the microwave!)  However, these drawbacks are inconsequential if your principal concern is a product that actually does its job quickly and efficiently.  Throw the ingredients in, put on your hearing protectors, turn it on, hold it down, and after 30 seconds or less, you are done.  I suppose the pulse switch is useful in some situations but I have yet to need it.  The plastic jar is also easier to clean than our old one, which had removable blades.  My wife is now a believer even though she hates having to admit I was right!  If you don't have hearing protectors I strongly urge you to order some with this blender.  I measured the sound at 92 dB one foot away when making a particularly thick smoothie
Gift for a friend - she's thrilled. I ordered several different kinds of Spiegelau glasses and got a great deal on them overall... as they arrived (shipping was weird - didn't get them all at once), I set some aside but had one girlfriend I wanted to gift with the set of &quot;almost free&quot; martini glasses... the moment she pulled them out, her eyes lit up... she has always known quality when she sees it and these are quality... they are SO BEAUTIFUL
Excellent transaction!. Excellent service, speedy delivery, items arrived in perfect condition
Crystal drink glasses. These glasses are comfortable to hold and heavy enough to generate the confidence that even if they are knocked over (which would probably not happen because of their shape and weight), they won't break.  They have the appearance of fine Irish crystal
Great Purchase. Great purchase:  good price, quick delivery, easy assembly, well-made.  The assembly directions must have been updated since some of the previous reviews.  Only, minimal complaint, is as others wrote, the stroller has essentially no padding.  I purchased a cage liner, which fits perfect
Greatly improves your existing bed... I'm not going to go into details, but this is a great product.  I had no complaints about my mattress, but adding this pad made it so much more comfortable.  I'm definitely sleeping better (from night one).  I wish I had known about this type of product earlier.As for this particular product, I think I picked the right thickness and "density."  There are 3 and even 4 inch pads.  But since this goes on top of an existing mattress that is designed to be used without a pad, 2 inches of cushioning is about right, I think.  And the density may not be as high as other products or full beds, but again, it seems to work well as a mattress "topper."  Other reviews mentioned a long-lasting smell, but I did not notice anything that lasted more than a few days.  And the price was the lowest among similar products
Great nonstick pan. The pan arrived on time and undamaged in the factory box.  The nonstick surface is slicker than the hardened titanium one used on Scanpan, and cleans easily.  The rotating vent on the glass lid is a nice feature.  My wife was skeptical at first, but I've caught her and my daughter using this pan frequently- in fact, it's become their favorite pan!  Unlike a pure teflon finish, this pan will brown the food nicely.  As far as durability goes, well, it's too early to tell, but the manufacturer touts the longevity of their product.  I like it
sharp. great stone, i use this item instead of paying a proffessional to sharpen my knive
This juicer is totally sweet and awesome. So, from what I gather, you've pretty much got two kinds of juicers: centrifugal, and macerating; with centrifugal juicers being generally of the high-rpm electric grating/spinning variety, and macerating juicers being generally of the low-rpm auger (think drill-bit)/press variety.The important thing here (again, from what I gather), is that, due to the friction/heat inherent in how they operate, centrifugal juicers tend to destroy the beneficial enzymes normally found in fresh produce; whereas macerating juicers, due to their low rotational speed/temperatures, do not. Additionally, macerating juicers are not only more efficient than their centrifugal counterparts (thus, using less produce/producing more juice), but also extract juice from the nutrient-rich peel of your produce, yielding a 'healthier' juice overall.With that, it's obvious that macerating juicers are totally sweet and awesome, while centrifugal juicers are pretty lame. Or at least, macerating juicers are totally sweet and awesome, if you're ready to drop ~$250+ on one.This, of course, is where the 'Healthy Juicer' comes in. At less than 1/4 of the cost of most electrical macerating juicers, it certainly seems like a steal... but is it all just too good to be true?As for that: I'm happy to say, while not 'a steal', per se, the 'Healthy Juicer' is certainly a good deal. There is some prep-work involved insofar as chopping your produce into the smaller pieces that this juicer can handle, but I've run thorough apples, carrots, beets, cucumbers, grapes, celery, lemons, oranges, and leafy greens; and the unit has worked wonderfully: the pulp comes out dry, the juice is delicious, and clean-up is quick and easy.That said, my only complaints about the 'Healthy Juicer' are that it could stand to be a bit larger (allowing for larger bits of produce), and made of less plastic/more metal.  All-and-all, this juicer deserves a solid 4-stars for being a great deal, and for working 100% as-advertized.The end
Romertopf Clay Baker. I purchased the Romertopf 6 1/2 Quart Clay Baker to replace a smaller clay baker that I have had for years.  Baking in clay pots is my absolute favorite way to cook roasts and chicken and this larger size allows me to cook plenty of vegetables and meat to feed by family of five at family dinners (and have leftovers).  The flavors are outstanding and I highly recommend this method of cooking to anyone who hasn't tried it.  You soak the clay pot, fill it up, and place it in a cold oven and turn up the temp -- then you do nothing until it is done -- it is the most tender, juicy meat you will ever eat.The pot is exactly what I expected it would be, although my old one was glazed inside and this one is not.  I have used it several times already and that has not been a problem.I like it so much I am purchasing the same pot in a smaller size so I can cook dinners for two
so far so good. I just purchased the Oster 6290 this week from a retail store in New York City.  It is my first toaster oven.  So far, I have not had any problems.I have baked calamari and scallops.  I have toasted hamburger buns.  And I have broiled veggie burgers.  These have all come out well even though my own cooking skills are mediocre.When doing my research on sites such as this one prior to buying a toaster oven, I noticed that many models had at least one review that said that the oven broke down for x reason within the first three to six months.  I decided that the best way to avoid this potential problem was to buy from a store that gives one the option to buy peace of mind via a 1-2 year product replacement plan.  The 2 year plan for the Oster 6290 cost an additional $8.99 plus tax from Best Buy.As this is my first toaster oven, I decided to buy a model in the $50-60 price range.  I can always buy another one with more bells and whistles that costs more down the road if I find that I enjoy the toaster oven experience.  Also, by buying the product replacement plan as insurance, there was no need to spend an extra $50 to $100 on a better-reviewed Cuisinart or Krups just to make sure the oven wouldn't fall apart after the first few weeks
5 stars on the vacuum but I hate the bags. My old "Dirt Devil" died of old age and I needed a replacement.This Eureka product does a better job of cleaning than my old one did --even on the carpet.  I only have one complaint; one unexpected problem --  the dust bags.  They are much larger than the ones I've used before and hold more dirt, and I like that.  The problem is with the rubber flange around the opening that keeps it from leaking dust.  It works fine, but I am deathy allergic to natural rubber and even touching it could, as have other rubber products, send me to the Emergency Room --or worse.  Like all the other manufacturers on this planet, other than those who make medical supplies, this information is not disclosed in the product information.  This failure annoys me very much, but is hardly unique to the Eureka Company.  Thank goodness I do not live alone, so I am able to get my husband to change the vacuum bags, but for a Latex allergic peson living alone this would be a very major drawback
heater. heats up my garage enough to keep things nice and cozy ! Does a real GOOD job
Great product, poor shipping. This is a very nice piece of furniture.  Well built, good quality.  It was shipped via UPS and the box was quite damaged when it arrived.  Thank goodness for good packaging, or it would have been destroyed.  One of the doors did have a crack in it and a new door is to be shippped shortly.  A new mode of shipping should be considered.
THE CUTEST AND BEST PILLOW. This is a great gift because there fun,cute,and usefull so when you come home from a bad day at school or work there alaways there.To me there like a special friend that you can cuddle.So for kids and adults this is a must have
Great Product - beware the dishwasher. My dog (Shi-Tzu) loves this. The main purpose of this review is to warn everyone that the reservoir bottle may get damaged in the dishwasher. I turned on heated drying and the bottle came out in an "interesting shape" and unusable (this might explain why I'm shopping for a new reservoir). I've washed the main unit in the dishwasher several times with no ill effects.
super sanitary, easy to clean. Found this in a kitchen store while traveling. Wish I would have bought more. Great at the bbq. Safe in dishwasher. No more loose bristles in my sauce. A most get for Father's Day
Cleancaf Cleaner & Descaler is excellent. This product renewed my espresso maker to "new" condition. The beverage tastes fresh like it did when the machine was new. And the seller was a pleasure to deal with....Quick to ship
A MUST HAVE. Recently our refrigerator broke resulting in food spoilage. We bought this item because it was the smallest thermometer availabe and it works well. a true money saver
Perfect for small rooms. I had been looking for a small upright vacuum for my dorm room. It had to be cheap, compact, but powerful.It was incredibly easy to assemble. Well...there actually wasn't any assembly involved. Pulled it out of the box and plugged it in. Cleaning the filter and dumping the cup was very simple as well. Perfect for a simple dorm lifestyle.This little guy delivered. The first time I turned it on and ran it over my seemingly clean carpet, the filter was thickly covered in dust, hair, and other little dust bunnies. So it was sucking up things that I had no idea was there.All in all it's been a great tool for my small dorm room, and would be ideal for a small apartment. Plus it kind of looks like a little Dyson and that makes me snicker.
Great product - error in description. This is a fine dehyrator. It's quick and powerful. The description says the trays are 13.5 inches but that text was lifted from the description for the FD-50/60. This model (FD-1010) has 15.25 inch trays which adds almost one square foot to the area of the 13.5 inch tray. Multiply those larger trays by 30 (the maximum capacity) and you got a huge amount of drying surface
Shower curtain. After searching the net for a lavender shower curtain I found it on Amazon.com.  It is exactly what I wanted, solid color, and well made.  It has metal gromets to prevent tearing by the curtain rings and is sturdy enough to stand up to the two teen agers using the shower.
Very rewarding!. My husband bought this for me as an anniversary present (I have been wanting one for ages)!  I absolutely love it.  Even though it is time intensive, standing at the stove, you get rewarding results!  The wooden  handle prevents you from getting any burns; just make sure you don't touch  the other handle--ouch!  Unlike a waffle iron, you don't need to grease the  krumkake iron.  It seasons itself during the first use!  I would recommend  this product to anyone who loves good, old-fashioned taste and who doesn't  mind spending a couple of hours achieving it
Love It. Easy to use.  Makes a great pitcher of tea...  I have the green color and it looks great in the kitchen
one of My boys bought this and.... This table is BEAUTIFUL the pic doesnt do it justice!!!  its well made as well! great price too
Paid for itself in 2 months. I have been using the Wonder Washer for several months.  Before I was going to the laundry-mat every week and spending about $10 each week.  Now I only go once every 4 to 6 weeks to wash the larger items.  This machine paid for itself in about 2 months.  The loads are small, only 2 blouses at a time (maybe 3 if they are very light weight).  I tried washing 3 medium weight blouses and the machine started moving all over the counter and was having trouble swirling the clothes.  The knobs are hard to turn (only about 1.5 inches in diameter) and lifting the wash-tub (the manufacture calls it a bucket) on & off the base-unit takes some doing as it is heavy when full of water (total weight approximately that of a 3 gallons bottle of water).  The machine washes by spinning the clothes one directions for a few seconds and then the other direction a few seconds back and forth for the duration of time you selected.  A little like the front-load washers, only this machine spins the clothes clock-wise and counter-clock-wise.  It only washes, you must raise the soap out by hand as well as ring-out the wet clothes and hang to dry.  The size of the machine is about 20 inches tall and 14 inches across.  If I could suggest improvements they would be: 1. Larger knobs with deeper indentations making them easier to turn,  2. A drainage spout on the side so that after washing the water could drain out into the sink.  Lifting the wash-tub full of water and wet clothes of the base-unit and turning the whole thing upside-down to grain the water out is the thing I like the least.  Overall, I am happy with my purchase.  It gets my clothes clean and it saves me time & money.  This was a good investment
Innova Cast Iron Dutch Oven (5qt). Extremely delighted with this product. Not only does it perform flawlessly, it's beautiful to look at. Combine that with the best price anywhere, thanks to Amazon and Target, and you have perfection! Thanks.
Heavy duty, non-stick and dishwasher safe. It just doesn't get any better. The price is competitive, and service via Amazon is consistently good
The Perfect Mop. I was very dubious about the glowing reviews that this product received from other buyers, but I bought one anyway, despite what seemed to be a rather hefty price tag for a mop.  Well, you can now count me as a true believer.   This is a great product!  It is very sturdy, well manufactured, and built for years of service, yet during use it feels like half the weight of a traditional cotton head mop.  When other reviewers say it does a great job of cleaning your floors they are not exaggerating.  To top it all, it couldn't be easier to keep clean; just toss the easily removable mop head into the washing machine.  I can't imagine anyone being disappointed or regretting the purchase of this fine product.  Don't let the cost scare you away.  This is truly a very pleasant exception to the cornucopia of third-world junk littering today's marketplace.  P.S. My friends tell me that I am always hypercritical and NOT a person who is easily pleased
Makes life a little easier!. I found this product easy to use, and a wonderful way of keeping my house smelling that much fresher.  While the replacement cartridges tend to be expensive, if you order a bulk quantity online (you have to do your searching), you can find them much cheaper.  I pay approximately $5 for a replacement cartridge.  I am a clean person, but I am also incredibly busy.  Therefore, I do not empty the bin quite as much as others have said in their reviews.  With 2 cats, I  clean out the box every other day, and I empty the bin about once every three weeks. I have to replace my cartridges about every other month, so it only costs me around $30 a year, and that is well worth it to me. I also would highly recommend purchasing a booda catbox for your cat, the way that it is set up eliminates litter tracking, and also keeps odor from entering the room.  If not for the waste of the plastic cartridge while changing out the "sausage" (emptying the bin), I would have given this 5 stars.
Great Coffee Maker. This is the second one of these coffee makers that I have purchased. It makes great coffee. Is easy to clean. Timer is always on time. I hope that they will make this Coffee maker forever. Looks great. Works Great
Easy to use and works great. I hated cooking rice on the stove, so I cooked noodles instead. Now I can cook rice with one touch......I love it. Now I cook extra rice and I re-heat the rice with one touch. Clean up is kind of tough, a-lot of little nooks and crannies to clean, but worth it!
Great lamp!. I purchased this lamp about 2 weeks ago and putting it together was a cinch! I did it by myself and it took less than an hour. It is very heavy and sturdy so it won't tip on carpeted floors (that's where mine is!). It's great by the couch in the living room in my new apartment! I would definitely recommend this lamp to anyone. It's really great because you can chose how many of the bulbs you'd like to be lit: 2, the other 3, or all 5. Just don't forget to buy 5 60W bulbs
Fantastic popover pan. I have a family reputation for making fine popovers, and I love this popover pan. The popovers come out easily, provided I have remembered to grease the pan first. I used to use an extra large muffin tin, which worked fine, but for that classic popover shape, high and narrow, this popover pan is the best. Compared to muffin tin popovers, these are much airier on the inside, and not as dense.BTW, I am in the "cold oven" camp - the popovers come out great every time.
Good for its class. I have a small home with mostly tile floors and wanted something that is quick, efficient, and doesn't take up a lot of precious storage space. I feel the DirtDevil is a good product in the class of mini-vacuums. It does fine on the tile (the cannister needs to be changed after each use) but it doesn't do as well on my area rugs. I like the upholstry attachments and it is quick and efficient to use and store
Best covered butter. This is the best covered butter dish I have ever owned. It is very durable, dishwasher and microwave safe, and has a handle on the lid which most do not
Quick picker upper. I just love my little Eureka bagless vacuum- it's lightweight,picks up cat hair and crumbs easily. No need to drag out the big heavy one. The price is easy, compared to the big ones, many of which don't do as good a job!! Can easily be taken upstairs. I heartily reccomend it
Leakage issue with carafe. There is leakage issue with the carafe.  It is a bad seal on the top of the plastic of the carafe.  The same situation with other reviews, coffee was spilled on my countertop.  I was so frustrated that I wanted to return it, but I didn't want to give up this coffee maker.  I looked closely to the carafe and found that there was an opening inside the carafe (align with the handle) didn't have the black plastic surrounding the glass.  Since I use paper filter, I cut a rectangle piece of filter, which is small and long enough to block the opening.  I change it every time when I brew coffee.  Now my problem is solved.  I don't have coffee on my countertop anymore.
Great Scales. Excellent for any kitchen duties, would have rather had glass for the face plate but so far the plastic works great and still looks great on my counter, I've used it for several months now before placing the review, have even used it to weigh in my turkey from the freezer when I lost the tag with the weight, I was albe to cook at the appropriate times.  Just love my new scales
Electric skillet review. We have had the skillet for several weeks, and have used it often. We are very pleased with the operation. My wife is the user, and she likes it very much. She appreciates the ease and convenience of using it.One thing I'm not happy with is,  After ever use, I have to tighten the two handles on the pan, and the handle on the lid. They refuse to stay tight. I will probably get some Loctite to see if i can prevent any further loosening.Other than that one problem, we love the pa
Shun Santoku - Will Not Regret. I have never been happier with a kitchen knife.  It is sharp, weighted perfectly, and elegant to boot.  If you purchase this knife, you can throw away all of your other kitchen knives of comparable purpose
Elegant. I was hesetant about ordering these after reading some of the other reviews on how fragile these glasses are.  I am very pleased that I did order them.  I am enjoying them very much.  They are fragile, but if you handle them with care, I'm sure they will last a long time.  I even put mine in the dishwasher and have had no problems
Wusthof Knife Tray. Although my Wusthof set of knives came with a knife-block, I wanted the ability to keep this fine set of cutlery in a drawer instead of on the counter top taking up my space. This tray fits the purpose to a "T". It easily holds my entire 11 piece set of knives plus the sharpening tool. The only piece it won't hold are the poltry scissors, which I just place in a tray next to it. It is not a big deal to me that the scissors won't fit. I was a little afraid that children could get ahold of the knives if left in the block. Being concealed in a drawer is "Out of sight, out of mind". The tray fit in a basic drawer and the knife blades are protected and secure. It was well worth getting. And yes, I would buy it again
good for the $. Nice and sturdy silicon spatula. Scrapes great in any situation. Recommended
This was a trial version!. We wanted to get us a new dinnerware, something colorful and happy, that would bring a smile to our faces everytime we use it.We agreed that Santa Fe collection might be a great choice that would match our southwestern casual style.That said we ordered the cookie jar first in orther to see how it looked like.It just so happened that we loved the shape, the colors and above all the size, which fits a decent amount of cookies.Now we own the entire Santa Fe Collection and we're very happy with it.
A toast to this toaster!. This toaster is the perfect mix of style and funtion.  It looks great on my counter and tost's bread to perfection.  I couldn't resist this pun in the title
Heads up if your application is to "block knitting". Just used the steamer for the first time and was impressed with how well it got up to temperature.  It produces a good amount of steam for dewrinkling clothes, but keep in mind this is for short term use i.e. you will have to refill several times if you need to do several articles of clothing.The reason I purchased this was to block sweater pannels after knitting.  I will need to send this gem back because the instruction clearly specify that you must keep the steamer verticle i.e. you can't use this with your clothing article on a table.  Your item must be hanging
Cuisinart Rectangular PrepBoard. These are my favorite cutting boards.  Cuisinart makes 3 cutting/prep boards, round, square and rectangle.  I bought them in a set all together, I use at least one everyday.  They are dishwasher safe so clean up couldn't be easier and they will not dull your knives, absorb odors or collect bacteria.  They are all slightly raised around the edge so liquid will not spill on your counter, perfect for tomatoes or anything else you are chopping.  I actually just ordered a second rectangle one.  You can even use them for outdoor serving, fruit, cheese, etc.  Highly recommended! A+
This is a great little knife. It's nothing fancy...just a sharpened blade in a walnut handle.  The blade, though, is sharp, well shaped and the knife is very easy to hold and use.Incidentally, this knife seems to have attracted quite a following...used samples of the older version, stamped "102S" on the handle, sell consistently on eBay for more than this one does when new
One Weakness. Owned this unit for 8 months. I use it about 5 times a week and I think its the best kitchen gadget ever.However last month it stopped working and I was not happy because I needed it for a dinner party the next day.So in desperation I took it apart and in the bottom of the unit in a plastic box the one that has two spring loaded buttons you will find a fuse like device called a (tco) or thermal cut off. It looks like a diode in a plastic tube. They're installed on alot of appliances that have heating elements like coffee brewers. The (tco) used is rated at 128 degrees fahrenheit. I happen to have the exact (tco) from a Bissle carpet scrubber. Replaced the (tco) with that one and viola I'm back in business.I would not recommend this fix for those who aren't mechanically inclined.
Works for Me!. Just completed a 25 day cruise and used the LightWedge to avoid keeping my wife awake.  She is very light aware and the LightWedge lit my books and never kept her awake
Best for the price. Can't beat this skillet for the price. It's a no-frills skillet that does the job well. I bought it based on my shopping around and reading the opinions here. It's heavier and I think better quality than the other Presto electric skillets that you can buy in all the department stores. Heats up quickly, cooks evenly, cleans up easily. A pleasure to use! I have fried fish, fried chicken, cooked omelets, done tempeh-veggie stir fry, etc. and all have turned out well.
Works Great in an "Animal House". This is our third Floormate in about 10 years.  The only complaint I have about it is that the lifespan of the machine only seems to be about 3 years.  All three of our Floormates stopped suctioning up the water, and we could never seem to fix the problem.  We ended up just buying a new one.  That said, the Floormate is a terrific cleaner.  We have tile floors, six dogs, and eight cats - all indoor animals - two with cronic health problems.  Needless to say, someone is always throwing up, peeing, or pooping.  We use the Floormate on a daily basis and have never had a problem with it cleaning properly until it get old and stops vacuuming up the dirty water
I love my new Fiestaware!. These are great dishes.  I've had no problems.  I'm collecting a place setting in each color and they look fabulous. Do try to see the dishes in person so you'll know what the colors really look like, as computer monitors can be off in their presentation of colors.  These are nice and can be everyday, but still used proudly when you have special occasions.  The vivid colors make everyday meals more energetic and cheery.  We love our "rainbow dishes"! Coffee cups are a little small compare to most modern mugs, but they are still fine.  The bowls are a perfect size :
High quality for low price. This grinder is good enough for a french press fa real fa real.  Love the hopper.  Haven't tried to clean it yet but looks simple enough.  Feels solid, good engineering
1200 count sheet set. Beautiful sheets for about the same price of 450 count sheet sets at my local dept store
Great humidifier. I have 2 older Holmes humidifiers that are designed almost identical to the 6012i.  The problem is, the humidistat is so sensitive that they cycle on and off frequently.  The 6012i does not do that.  Also, the Holmes does not have caster wheels, so they are a pain to move out of the way to clean.  The Honeywell rolls out of the way using your foot. And no, it doesn't fall apart in a pile.  You have to use a little judgment where you push from.  Push from the base, not from the control unit or the water containers.As far as the other bad review, I don't know what to say.  I've got one 6012i and one 6011i.  They are both on carpet.  They do not leak.  However, I'm sure that an accident could happen that could cause a leak, which in turn could cause some minor water damage.  However, I've had the Holmes humidifiers for about 4 years and never had an accident.The Honeywell is much quieter than the Holmes unit and easier to fill.  I have the 2 units running in a 3000 square foot home.  In the dead of winter when the furnace is running a lot, I have to fill them about every 36 hours.  I keep the humidity at about 35%.As far as having to re-wet the filters each time, that's only if you run it completely dry and the filter becomes dry.  You don't 'have' to re-wet the filter, but it will make it begin humidifying much quicker.  I check mine every day or so.  That way they never run dry.Also, the replacement filters are about half the price compared to the Holmes filters.One last comment. I do like the 6012i over the 6011i because it has a digital humidistat.  You can set it at the exact humidity you want.  It will show where your house humidity is, plus where you are set.  The 6011i has a knob that you turn to run more or less often.  If you buy this unit, you need to have a humidistat in your house so you can see just where the humidity level is.  They cost $25-$40.  So, just get the 6012i and forget having to buy the humidistat.All in all, it's a great unit.  Far better than anything else I ever used.
Sakura. I love the dinner set, it is simple,casual, yet elegant. Most of all I received all the pieces in perfect condition. I am happy with the choice I made.
Sparkling, Clean, Modern. These wonderful jars are a bright, sparkling addition to my kitchen. They are see-through, so they need no labels. The very wide openings allow a cup measure inside easily. No more ugly bags of flour and sugar in the pantry - these clear, attractive jars stay in plain view. No more spills from ugly bags of flour and sugar - no pouring! If you are a serious baker, you shouldn't be without these excellent storage solutions.
Lifesaver!!!. We bought this bed for my [...] daughter as she is too big for a pack 'n play (and can also climb out!).  It inflates and deflates in just a couple of minutes and is small enough to fit almost anywhere.  My daughter loved it - it is her new "big girl bed" for traveling, of which we do quite a bit.  The banked walls keep her safe, unlike some of the inflatable princess beds I have seen where a child can fall between the bed and the "side-rail."  I highly recommend this bed to all who consider it for their child.  One word of advice to new buyers - let it air out, if possible, before using it as it has a very strong plastic smell
phenomenal buy. I love these sheets.  they are QUALITY!   wash well.  stains come out.heavier than 600 thread count....very comfy!  will look for this brand again
Excellent!. Had it for a month now and it's excellent! Paid $57 and it was a steal
Terrific Slotted Turner. I have been looking for one of these slotted turners everywhere, but never thought to look on Amazon.com.  I happened to be shopping on Amazon's website and saw it.  It came in the mail two days later.  I tried it that very night and was so happy.  The shape makes all the difference when cooking fish.  I highly recommend i
At Last!. At last, a practical way to preserve our wine. We have tried many systems and sprays. These stoppers are durable, effective and easy to use. The best we have found! Thanks
Stoped the driping. It looks nice, it pours nice and evenly and it did not drip.   We  even put it to the test trying to make it drip, not 1 drop
Spa Washcloth Weight. Columbia towels are especially luxurious to use and for a long time I didn't use them because they looked so lovely and new hanging in the bathroom. The color is especially pretty and reminds me of a deep lavender, they call it Plumberry. The weight of the towels is especially luxurious and they absorb water so well, that the towel at times can still feel almost dry after you use it. When the washcloths are completely drenched, they do seem a little more heavy than most, although they have that "spa feel" to them and they retain heat very well, which makes them sort of comforting. I've tried many towels and these are the most absorbent I've found. They are made with 100% combed cotton and have a heavier feel. The edges are sewn especially well with a nice fabric border so they don't fall apart the first time you wash them.~The Rebecca Review
Bamboo Steamer. It works very well, BUT... It smells like bamboo every time you use it.  I have tried washing it with lemon juice and even left it outside in the sun for a week, with no luck. Any suggestions?Other than that, it's a wonderful way to cook. My husband loves the steamed food
Good for quick cleanups. This vacuum does a pretty good job.  It is lightweight and easy to use.  It stays charged for quite a long time.  The purpose is not intended for general housecleaning but for convenience and quick use it is great
Allton touch Free Soap Dispenser. I bought this for our children's bathroom.  It is very nice. The kids love it.  I have hand sanitizer in it.  The dispenser would not work well with any thing thicker in it.  It is easy to clean,too
Beautiful, but check top openings. This is a gorgeous tank, but be aware that the top is partially enclosed (an advantage overall--looks nice and prevents evaporation and fish jumping out).  The 36 g bowfront has a 2"x15" space 3/4" from the back for your filter, plus a 1 1/2"x2" hole in the back left corner for your heater. The main opening, 5" by 23", is under the light, and includes an acrylic shield which is easy to re-use if you upgrade your fixture. I had no problem fitting anything, but an unusual setup might require cutting the acrylic.  I've had no scratches. The thin strip of acrylic between the filter opening and light opening has warped a bit, probably from the heat of my two T5 retrofit lights, but not enough to be a problem.  Did I mention it's a gorgeous tank
Heavy duty pan. Since I have been pleased with my T-Fal pressure cooker, I purchased this pan based on the quality of craftsmanship. I like this pan for frying. Its stainless steel with the thick aluminum heat diffuser bottom makes it robust (it is warp free). Other aluminum pans tend to warp over time. The nonstick surface seems to be less prone to scratches. However, I always recommend non metallic utensils for piece of mind. The center heat indicator is helpful to know when it's ready.
Performs beautifully for most cakes and molds. I gave this as a gift and the recipient was very happy with the product.  Like most Nordicware pans, it works best when used for traditional cake recipes.  Things get a little sketchy when you start using non-standard flours and high-protein recipes although this pan is more forgiving thanother Nordciware pans with deeper patterns.for best results, grease the pan well with Crisco and follow up with baker's Joy spray before putting batter in pan.  This mold makes a wonderful lower calorie cake when you omit the frosting and simply dust with confectioner's sugar.  You can also drizzle a glaze on top.  Regular frosting will obscure the lovely pattern.Recommended for lemon cakes, deep chocolate, vanilla, spice cake and other recipes that an stand up well without heavy frosting.  it makes a nice jello salad mold as well.  For EJllo molds, do not grease or spray - that would be yucky
Chef's Choice 685 International Deluxe Cordless Elec. Kettle. This is a fantastic product. It heats quickly - is convenient - turns off when there is no water or you lift the kettle - it is also attractive and easy to handle.  I can't believe I didn't buy one years ago
A nifty little butter dish!. I like this butter dish very much. Butter is so difficult to spread when it has been in the refrigerator. I used to have to put my toast in the toaster oven with bits of butter on it for a few minutes in order to melt the butter so I can easily spread it. But, with this butter dish, I do not have to put the butter in the refrigerator at all. Even in the summer, when it gets warm in the kitchen, the butter stays fresh and spreadable. My hands are small also, but I have not had problems lifting the top. My husband has big hands, and so far he has not dropped it.Before putting the butter in the butter dish, make sure that the butter is slightly soft. I just use a spoon to get the butter inside the lid, and then put water in the bottom part of the butter dish. It is different, and at first I thought it was tricky because the butter is inverted. Sometimes butter will get into the water. Just make sure that the butter is always evenly spread around the inside, and bits of butter will not fall into the water. The water also has to be changed at least every 3 days. These are minor inconveniences compared to having to melt the butter first in order to spread it onto the toast.
Henckels 13-slot in drawer knife tray. I am completely satisfied with the knife tray. All of my knives fit into the tray. It removes an unsightly knife block from the countertop. I recommend this product
Excellent saucepan. When I ordered this saucepan, I didn't realize how high the quality would be.  When I opened the box and first lifted the saucepan, I was immediately impressed with the weight and quality.  Each time that I use this pan to heat up foods, I am constantly surprised at how much less time it takes for those foods to cook.  Water boils very quickly.  Lastly, the engraved measuring lines for liquids are  extremely helpful.  All in all, the best saucepan that I've owned
great chair. I really like this chair.  Not only was the price very reasonable, but it was actually EASY to put together.  I was rather apprehensive about putting it together and whether I had the tools necessary, but it even came with a little screwdriver which was all that was necessary!  It is a great chair and is very comfortable for sitting for hours on the computer.  I highly recommend this chair.
Satin Sheet Set, Gold. Very pleased.  They look very nice and for the price are a great buy
Be warned... You should probably know that although this is the most exceptional peeler I've ever used, and although it completely removes the pain from the chore of peeling vegetables, it does have a downside.  Regrettably, it has caused fighting amongst family members during holiday meal preparation.  The best solution is probably to buy two if you ever have helpers in the kitchen, or just resign yourself to gracefully relinquishing "the good one" to family members and guests, and asking that they take turns, to avoid those unfortunate holiday "incidents."This thing works so well that you will never again dread peeling vegetables--it's over before you know it--and so easy that you're almost disappointed when you don't have more to do.
if it sticks. if you have a problem with your pizzelle sticking just add more butter or margerine. Also if you use one teaspoon full it will be perfect.  I also just used a flast spatulla to take the pizzelles out.  also if you have a digital timer it makes pizzelle making much easier. it would take me about 40-45 seconds for each pizzelle.  depends on how brown you want them.  the digital timer i used was bought at a dollar store. they are a wonderful gift.  hope you enjoy making them as much as i do.
Holmes Window Fan. This fan is exactly the fan I have been looking for.  I'm very satisfied with it.
No-Problem Cooker. I have been using this cooker for over a year now, my recent purchase being a second and repeat purchase. It is actually a no-problem cooker and requires no attention at all. Except the lower handle, whose screw could become lose after few months and keeps demanding some action with the screw driver, the cooker is virtually trouble free. For the money  I paid, it is a great purchase. As you would see, I have bought a second one
Ultimate use. Let's face it, you make an effort to have your home clean and coordinated.  Nice furniture and practical book shelves.  But you do not live alone; there is probably a canine or feline lurking around.  It may seem novel to buy a bowl with a picture of Garfield on it or some cutesy saying.  But in the long run this durable, multi use, dishwasher safe, bowl will look much better and your companion will not have to look embarrassed every time he/she wants a few laps of water.
great size. We use Fiestaware at almost every meal. This &quot;lunch plate&quot; size is perfect for our family's small meals. We also use them for serving desserts and other dishes. Now we're waiting for lunch plates in other colors
great shaker. this shaker works better than most as its top cover is set so that when you're done shaking all the liquid drains back into the shaker instead of that little bit the spills out like most shaker
The most used cookware in my kitchen. We received this Slow cooking set for free when we bought the Calphalon tri-ply stainless steel set.  It is sad to say but we use this particular piece of cookware more than any of the other pieces from the set.  It cooks evenly, has great temperature control, and you really have to try to burn something to have it stick to this.  It is not non-stick but it does not stick like stainless steel does.  The towel that comes with it is also very nice.  So nice that we bought a couple different sets of them.Jeff
Great Sheets!. Finally a set of well made cotton sheets that wash well and stay cool to the touch - You can feel the quality.  I really love these sheets and you can't beat the price.  They are very simple, straight-forward sheets with no frilly edges and no strange patterns - I bought two sets and got an additional $25 November promo discount (and free shipping!)- For the quality, these are affordable luxury...look no further - these are great sheets
If you French Press Coffee or Drink Tea, Buy One!. I first used one of these in my hotel room in London.  It heats water fast and is easy to clean up.  The unit sits on a stationary power base so you don't have to keep plugging it in all of the time.  I just love it and highly recommend one to all of my friends.  I've bought several now as gifts and everyone comments on how they threw out their stove top water kettle after using this one.  Highly recommended.  If you French Press Coffee or Drink Tea, Buy One
Great pot with attractive looks. I was looking to acquire an enamel cast iron pot that I could use to cook stews and soups with.  I did not want to pay $300 + for the 7 quart Le Creuset pot, so I decided to go with the Lodge.Good cooking - I have made several stews and pot roasts, all tasting wonderful. My method is as follows:  I brown the meat and then add vegetables. I cook the mix for 3 hours (or more) at very low heat before adding flavoring. The meat is always tender and falling off the bone. The dishes also has rich flavor.Easy cleanup - The pot is very easy to clean because of the enamel coating.  I also have a cast iron pot (no enamel coating), and it is tricky to clean without damaging the pre-seasoning layer on the pot.Good looks - I really like the looks of the pot, especially the nice touches to the handles.So far the pot has worn well and I would highly recommend it
Good for all baking. I purchased 2 of these Perforated Pizza pans and they are perfect for baking pizza, also, I found them great for baking breads and other items as well.I would reccomend this product to anyone that bakesThey are easy to clean up and can store very easy.
Van Gogh Bookplates. Beautiful product.  Easy to work with and adheres well to book page.  The seller accurately described the product and sent it in a timely manner
On my 4th Littermaid and still loving it!. I travel a lot with my job, so having 2 cats wasn't always easy. I could leave them a big bowl of food and water, and have someone check on them every 3-4 days or so, but litter was a problem. I got my first Littermaid about 10 years ago. I have since bought 2 more. The reviews below are correct, DO NOT rinse the electric portion of the box. Littermaid has made several improvements over the years, such as a completely detachable top instead of having to slide only the bottom tray in and out like before. I did learn my lesson not to spray the electric part, that one I replaced myself. The motors seem to have improved over the last few models, and I highly recommend the Littermaid Mega for 2 cats or more. The motor on my second one went bad though, and instead of paying for a 3rd one, I called Littermaid. I got through immediately, they were extremely nice and helpful, and exceeded my expectations. They simply asked me to cut the cord and send it, along with a couple of other things, and a $15 check. My replacement was in the mail before I could even mail all that stuff out myself!I have tried the Purrforma by Petmate, and was so disappointed within the first couple of days I sent it back.I didn't know about a "cord that provides more juice" as stated in a review below, but I would recommend it and am going to check into it myself. However, like I said, over the years Littermaid has made constant improvements and I have had absolutely no problems whatsoever with my latest unit they sent to replace my last one, so the "juicier cord" is not really necessary. As stated in other reviews, you just have to be careful not to overfill. I have almost NEVER had to remove poop from the tines, if I did I just used the edge of the regular pooper scooper to knock it back down into the litter. I also use the lining the scoop tray with a bag method. I purchase the smallest (4 gallon) bags at your grocery store, and the scented kind really help! I wouldn't buy the bags made for litterboxes, they're too big and WAY too expensive. A small box of 4 gallon trash bags costs me around $2.50 for 10-20 bags or more.As for litter getting all around the edge of the box, that is true. To avoid that I simply purchased a large mat or rug. I think I paid $5 at Dollar General or something. Make sure it is large enough to extend at least 6 inches from the side of the litterbox, and in front of the paw cleaning ramp. So, when I'm vacuuming I use my upholstery attachment to vacuum around it; or if I'm not vacuuming I just move the litterbox over, roll the mat up, take it outside and shake it off--that does the trick. I put the box in my laundry room so now I can't hear it and because it's pretty well ventilated I don't smell the litter at all.Take care of it, read the instructions, and don't be an idiot and you'll love the Littermaid
Simple, Clean look - keeps bread fresh. We make a bread machine loaf every weekend and this box does a great job of keeping it fresh
Great can, works well. This can does work very well, so far the mechanism works perfectly and quietly. It has great capacity and is easy to empty with its tapered design. My only complaint is that it (like most stainless appliances) is prone to show fingerprints and smudges like a crime lab. Oh well, the high price of style is to polish it down every couple of days
Spa Washcloth Weight. Columbia towels are especially luxurious to use and for a long time I didn't use them because they looked so lovely and new hanging in the bathroom. The color is especially pretty and reminds me of a deep lavender, they call it Plumberry. The weight of the towels is especially luxurious and they absorb water so well, that the towel at times can still feel almost dry after you use it. When the washcloths are completely drenched, they do seem a little more heavy than most, although they have that "spa feel" to them and they retain heat very well, which makes them sort of comforting. I've tried many towels and these are the most absorbent I've found. They are made with 100% combed cotton and have a heavier feel. The edges are sewn especially well with a nice fabric border so they don't fall apart the first time you wash them.~The Rebecca Review
Excellent dishware. You just can't go wrong with Fiestaware.  It's sturdy, durable, attractive, cleans up easily (from table to dishwasher to cabinet).  And if my rough-on-dishes family can't break it, no one can
Great glasses. Just wanted to second the motion that these are great glasses.  They are not too large someone needs to let Dave know that wine glasses are not designed to be filled to the brim unless you're some kind of goof
Nice. I read several reviews about these before purchasing them.  Many people had had problems with them breaking or chipping, but I've used them about a dozen times already and have had no problems.  They are very nice looking crocks, and I've used them in both the microwave and the dishwasher and have seen no flaws as of yet
Great little heater!. Even though I live in Florida, I get so cold at the office with the air conditioner blowing down on me.  This heater works great under my desk to keep my toes warm.  The remote is SO convenient, I would hate to have to crawl under my desk everytime I wanted to turn it down...
Bruan water Kettle. This product is excellent!! It heats water in less than a minute on small amounts
Mine's in 1 piece and works great. I'm with Amalfi girl. I have this pan and it works great- most importantly, the lid is heavy enough to weigh down the sandwiches. (The trick to these panini pans is that you must heat them thoroughly with the lid on before placing the sandwich inside. That way the top gets toasted at the same time.) As for those other two,I can't even imagine a cast iron pan breaking in shipment! The ones that did must have been from a defective lot. Wow! They have my sympathies
Amazing Product. This product works great.  The holder is very sturdy and durable.  The clips hold the pads tightly in place.  And it gave my dogs "boundaries" as to where to go and not to go.  It makes clean up a lot easier.  And rather than get puppy pee pads I use a combination of reusable baby changing pads that I wash, inexpensive disposable bed pads or newspaper.  I highly recommend this product
Roll N Clean Litter Box. I love this litter box.  It is so easy to clean the box now!  No scooping, it's great
Like the Size... ...I purchased this microwave because I needed a smaller microwave to fit in a certain area of my kitchen.  The down side is food takes longer to cook--though dinner plates can fit, just barely
The good stuff. I purchased this set as a gift. I wanted the good stuff. My own set has lasted over ten years. I would give it five stars if it was dishwasher friendly,it's not.It does clean up real easy
Cat Deterrent. This Ultrasonic cat deterrent really does work. The batteries last a couple of weeks. A must if your nieghbor has cats
Great Results!. I couldn't belive how much hair came out of my dog (Lab), especially compared to a conventional comb. Her coat actually felt thinner. I cannot say my house has NO dog hair, but it has decreased dramatically. Less vacuuming, less frustration, and more time to spend with Zeppy!I highly recommend the Furminator
Melitta One, Mango. A very interesting coffeemaker indeed. Funky but conservative colors and a rocket-shaped design lets you know this product is unique. It is not small, however, just because it's a single serve maker does not make it small. It serves about 4-5 cups with one coffeepod and is instantly warmed up and ready to go. The only drawback is buying the pods specifically made for coffeemakers such as these and they can't be used for any other coffee maker
love it. As a first-time slow-cooker user, I have nothing to compare this crockpot to...but I am really enjoying using it and it's served me well. I've made just about everything in it, and it cooks evenly.I love the fact it's nice and large. The stoneware crock is easy to use and to clean. The stainless steel looks great as well. I keep a wooden cutting board underneath it, in case it gets too hot (but it never has).I'd buy it again, in a second
Great style and incredible espresso. Probably the single most important investment I have made this year!  Delivers deeply satisfying espresso with rich crema every time.  I have used the more expensive manual pump machines and the fully automatics--the Gaggia Classic delivers as good or better than those more expensive machines.  And, it's built like a tank--very sturdy construction, feels and acts industrial grade, and looks great in the kitchen.  Fits under kitchen cabinets nicely.  had it for a month and I am completely sold!  Oh, and I have not been to Starbucks once...no comparison.
Great supplimental heat. I have not tried to program the timer yet, but as a heater, this is one of the nicest I have had.   Compact, yet it puts out a nice even heat.  It is save in that the unit itself doesn't get red hot.   The ad says factory reconditioned yet it came in a new box and looks like new.   A super deal for auxiliary heating.   I use it to warm the livingroom to keep oil consumption down, which it seems to have done so far, without too big an increase in the electric bill
cereal dispenser. The dispenser is very nice for storing cereal in and easy to use.  It does however make a little mess when turning the cereal out of it into a bowl. Still it was well worth it
Useful little bowls. I have several of these bowls and use them frequently.  They are the perfect size for snacks.  I also use them frequently for food prep tasks when I'm cooking - they're a good size to hold a half-cup to one cup of a dry ingredient.  And of course, they are the perfect size for their intended purpose - fruit.  I find myself putting fruit on the table more often now that I have these bowls.  A cereal sized bowl seems like a lot of dish for one serving of fruit.  This smaller size prevents clutter on the table - especially if you are serving salad and bread on individual dishes.
Loving my chair. this is an affordable product and looks professional for a whole lot less mone
Best maker i've had. This machine has all the 'complex' features that make coffee makers cool, with the 'simplistic' functionality that makes one button all you need to make a great pot of coffee! (I did not try to make tea.) When this one wears out, i'll replace it with one of the same model.
Best Knife I've Ever Used. This is, without exaggeration, the greatest knife ever made.  I have some decent enough knives that I've used before (Sabatier), but this makes my other chef's knife look like an idiot.  It is so effortless to use, and such a pleasure.  Seriously, your food will practically cut itself with this knife.  Your vegetables will part themselves, and the fat will slice itself away from your meats.  I've always loved chopping food, ever since I learned how, but this raises the act from an enjoyable necessity past hobby and into the realm of culinary bliss
Just a Jug, No Tug. In my search for a toy that would occupy & challenge my 2-year-old Golden Retriever, I located the Tug-a-Jug.  Like one of the other reviewers, at first my dog was not entirely convinced that the toy was his to play with, as he had never been given access to a bottle before.  After the scent of the treats lured him in, he began to play.  It took little time for him to realize that the rope was what was getting in the way of the treating plopping out, so he just set about chewing on the rope until he succeeded in chewing it in half.  After this happened, the shorter knotted end fell into the jug, and the treats came out easily.  Now I am left with an -a-Jug, as the "tug" is missing.  We left the remaining 1/2 of the rope in the jug so that there would be some resistance to the treats just falling out.  A tennis balls works well too.  I'm hoping to find a replacement rope to string through the jug, however they are often knotted so tightly, I've not yet had any success there.  Overall, a great toy that continues to entertain my dog, despite the fact that he re-engineered the main mechanism in the first 30 minutes
Some flaws but a good deal. Well, I was a little wary purchasing this, having read all the reviews about desks being chipped, poor staining, etc.  This desk is pretty cheap, so I wasn't expecting perfection. One leg was badly stained, but I put that one in the back, where no one will ever see it except me. There is a small gouge in the front, but you wouldn't notice it unless you were looking for it. So the verdict is...yes, there were some flaws but you get what you pay for
Great insulated bottle toe. This bottle tote meets all of my needs as it is easy to carry with the handle or it can be snapped around something (such as stroller bar)and it keeps my Sigg water bottle cool. I also enjoy the fact that it folds flat to store and even when it's on it doesn't take up much more space than the bottle itself. Colors are great too
A Must Have ... I have both the mini & full-sized kettles, I use the mini size @ work & the full-size @ home (all electric high-rise).They last a long, long time as long as you use them properly (fill to cover coil especially important).One thing to note, I try to use either warm or hot water when boiling to speed up the heating process (but hardly a slow kettle to begin with).  Also, bottled/filtered water results in less mineral deposits on the coil & further prolongs the life
Cusinart Automatic Coffee Burr Mill CCM-16FR. This unit is awesome. Best looking and best working for the money. I couldn't ask for a better working item for the money. Put the beans in and set and you get the ground coffee in seconds.
pleasant setting. This style flatware provides a simple elegance when entertaining, or as attractive day to day serviceware.  They have a nice weight to them, balanced handling and are comfortable to use.  They are prone to spotting a bit after going through the dishwasher. It simply reguires a soft rubbing with a dish towel to bring them back to their original sheen when setting them out for guests to use. Manufacturer enclosed directions were handy to instruct how to properly care for this flatware.  Overall a satisfying purchase.
Good product!. I am potty training my son, so I needed a good waterproof mattress pad but didn't want to spend a lot of money.  This fits the bill.  It's lightweight but sturdy, and has already stopped one naptime accident from soaking through to the mattress, and held up well in the wash so far.  Has a nice feel, and it doesn't seem to make him overly warm as some waterproof pads do.  Our mattress is old and thin by today's standards, but the pad seems roomy enough that I think if we got a new thick mattress, it would still work.  Very pleased with this purchase
THE VERY BEST SPATULA. The Le Creuset Spatulas are the very best I have ever used. They will withstand extreme temperatures and with the handle removeable it saves the wood and makes it last even longer. A very very good product. Everyone  should have at least 4 in their kitchen
Easy and attractive for first-time fishkeeper. Let me begin by saying I've never been interested in keeping fish. Ever. Aquariums seem like a huge hassle to me. But then our daughter was given a goldfish as a birthday party favor (don't get me started on my annoyance at that episode!) and in the interest of keeping the poor critter alive, we trudged to the pet store to see what we would need. A fishbowl looked like a slow but certain death sentence for Swimmy, so we sprung for this pretty little three-gallon Eclipse tank. Setup was very easy. All we needed to buy was some gravel, fake plants and of course a castle, and water conditioner. We've had Swimmy living in his new home for about a week now, and he seems happy and active. The bright lamp keeps the tank plenty warm, so we have not bothered about finding a heater. All in all, we are pleased with our first aquarium and first pet
LOVE AT FIRST TOAST. I got this toaster almost 7 years ago while living alone and subsisting on bagles as a primary food group. Once my husband and I married and moved in together, the toaster got twice as much use; and with the addition of our daughter and her love for toaster waffles, it has seen even more wear and tear. AND, after all these years, we have not had a single problem with it toasting properly. We have been very happy with it! I see that a lot of other people have left reviews that it doesn't toast evenly, but we have never had that problem. I love the chrome exterior and the retro style, too. My only complaint is that it is a little difficult to clean, but since we only use it for bread items, I don't get overly concerned about the crumbs that I can't remove. WE LOVE OUR TOASTER
For the Franciscan Apple Collector. This little Franciscan Apple Dinnerware Creamer is so beautifully made. There is a matching sugar bowl and lid, too. I do not use mine to hold cream or half-and-half on an everyday basis because I would have to keep it covered with saran wrap so the liquid would not absorb any refrigerator odors. However, I do love to use it when I use my Franciscan Apple Coffepot or when entertaining at a dinner party. There is also a small milk jug, and there are two other larger pitchers in the Apple pattern. I have also used the Apple creamer as a server for sauces
Add $2 and get the whole machine. I started to purchase this replacement filter for my model 4152 air purifier but luckily decided to see what the whole machine is going for -and it was on sale for $49.99 (this was for sale at $47.99).So I bought 3 spare machines - and even if they're not running, I'll have no regret, because they contain the replacement filters. And I got free shipping as a Prime member.Next time out I'll look for washable filters because these things are expensive
The Sharpest Knives Ever. I was introduced to the Kershaw Shun Knives in a local kitchen store, but decided to purchase a set at a better price through Amazon. These knives are absolutely top quality and make cutting even very thin slices a joy. Because of my appreciation for the quality, I purchased two more knives as Christmas gifts for my son and daughter in law
Great Toaster, Reliable and Consistent!. First, I have to admit that I read some of the other reviews and was shocked by what I saw. It's what made me decide to write a review in the first place. I've found that this toaster is reliable and consistent. I've never had any problems with it burning anything I've toasted, be it a bagel or a slice of bread. It toasts everything evenly and perfectly, every time. If you've ever bought anything from Kitchen Aid, you'll find that, as with most of their products, it lives up to the name. Is it going to revolutionize cooking? No. It's a toaster. But if you're looking to start off the morning with a good piece of toast, a bagel, or an english muffin - perfectly toasted - then this is the toaster for you
Microwave Bacon Fryer. Great size because I have an older microwave with a built in turntable.  I do not like the plastic cover to keep bacon splatters down as it keeps moisture on the bacon.  A better idea is using a paper towel over the bacon.  The plastic cover works great on the flip side to re-heat leftovers
Great product. I am so glad we took a chance and ordered this cat litter box.  It is much easier and, to me, more sanitary than the traditional litter box.  My favorite part is not having to touch the scoop (most of the time, there is an occasional clump that needs to be helped out) and being able to pull out the drawer and dump the contents in less than a minute!  The only gripe I have is that when you roll the box over there does tend to be some litter that leaks out even when all the latches are firmly in place.  Overall, a very good product
Got them at much cheaper price... maybe it's because it is right after christmas, but I just picked up the 2-tier one for half of the price at Target. I actually bought 3 of the two tier ones, making 6 tiers. I just took the tree down, and it holds all of the ornaments, plus lights and ribbons and everything. I like the design, it just seems more expensive here..
YELLOW SAUCER WITH PAINTED LEAVES. THE CUP HAS A BLUE BUTTERFLY AND A LITTLE BEE.  The four different petite cup and saucer sets are priced differently on Amazon.  The pink one is least expensive at $7.20 while the green and blue sets are $11.99 each.  The green one is my least favorite as the set looks washed out.  And the pink is more intense a shade than I imagined.  My favorite is the yellow set although it is the most expensive
liked it so much ordered another. I think this pen is not only nice to look at, but works well for pups,I liked it so much I went back to amazon and ordered another,plus my granddaughter also ordered one for her new  pups. cannot beat it for the price,plus lightweight easy to store
Much improvement after 40 days. My cat is 11 years old, and he was experiencing odd behavior with the rear half of his body, where it looked like he just didn't have control of his legs sometimes.  The vet did much poking and prodding, and she could only be certain he had arthritis along his spine, based on his reaction when she pressed firmly with her fingers.  We started him on Cosequin a month and a half ago, one capsule in the am and one in the pm, and he is doing so much better.  I haven't seen that odd loss of control, as I call it, and he's been running around like we've taken 5 years off his life.  Since my vet charges almost $ (with tax) for a box of 80 capsules, I will definitely be buying Cosequin from Amazon or another online site for the future.  I highly recommend Cosequin for older cats
powerful way to cool down. Fan works great on intake or exhaust.  Quickly pulls air out of the house when on full power for exhaust.  Great breeze from intake.  Also light enough to pull out of the window when we need to.  (Read other review, but have not had any problems with ours.  Might have been a defective model?  The working model pulls well in either direction.
My favorite slicer and cleaning is a breeze. I just LOVE my Kyocera Double Edge Ceramic Slicer!  I got mine for Christmas and have used it constantly ever since.  Everything the other 2 reveiewers said is true: it's very sharp, it's easy to cut yourself, it's very easy to slice vegetables with it, etc.  And yes, it's so sharp that I wish there was a way to cover the blade for storage as I'm sure that one of these days I'll reach in the drawer and cut myself on it.  And yes, the "guard" is pretty useless, so I seldom use it.Here's what I love about it:1 - I can hold it with the handle with one hand and slice with the other - very easy to do and already a familiar motion if you have a standard grater you use.2 - It slices while pushing the vegetable down AND on the up motion, since it's a double edge slicer.  Makes it twice as quick to slice!  Just gently move the vegetable along the slicer and back and it makes beautiful, paper-thin slices in both directions.3 - I can use it for several different vegetables and I don't have to stop in between to unclog it or clean it.  I have salads a lot and I regularly slice cucumbers and carrots fot this.  It takes only SECONDS to slice up what I need for my salad.4 - It takes almost no effort to slice with it.  I don't have to apply a lot of pressure to the vegetable to get it to slice.  The blade is so sharp that with very minimal effort the slicing is smooth and easy.5 - It's so simple to clean!  No moving parts.  It's just a plastic thing with an extremely sharp ceramic blade set in it.  Very easy to clean after slicing - you don't need to scrub and scrub at it - it almost gets totally clean just from rinsing it under the water.I'm going to look for one which makes a slightly thicker slice to use for other slicing jobs now.  And, I probably will think about getting one of these as a gift for my mom and my mother-in-law.  I may try the adjustable one, but I figure that has a "moving part" and will be a bit harder to clean....
Buy yourself the seasoned one if you never owned cast iron. Having bought the no name preseasoned cast iron pans vs this need to be seasoned cast iron pan, as the tittle says:  Pay the 3-4 dollar difference and get it preseasoned instead.  I'm using the preseasoned more because it is just ready.Keep in mind its large and heavy.  Careful in your sink.  Coming from stainless steel and converted over to Calphalon ( mostly bought all pieces from Amazon.com ), if you are use to quick clean up and lighter cookware this is harder to convert over for me.Heat kills everything.  If you can accept the fact you are not literally washing everything off if you follow the hot water / salt / scrubbing..  and rubbing a paper towel on the pan comes off dark, then you can get some amazing steady heat to sear with.  But we all pay for convience and these pans I use mostly to sear meat.  With a perference to wash and dry quick in our hurried lives, get the preseasoned.
cheap and cheap -- but adequate. For under ten bucks, you can't go wrong.  Note that the timer only counts down, not up.  Also, the magnets are in the middle of the back of the timer, so when you attach it to your fridge and press on the bottommost buttons, the timer wobbles or falls off.  The workaround is to attach a couple of little rubber feet or a stack of masking tape to the lower part of the back of the timer to stabilize it, but the buyer shouldn't have to solve a design flaw like that.But again, you get what you pay for, and as long as you're not paying all that much for this, it's perfectly adequate.  Cheap workmanship is fine, as long as the price is also cheap
Clean New Grill. This is the best way to clean a grill. I use one each time that I clean the grill.  This is a must buy. It is a great idea
Get a grip. Excellent styling and design - and it works. That's all you can ask for in a small kitchen tool
The Best Lidde Griddle there is!. We have really enjoyed our liddle griddle.  Its convenient to cook anything.  It's especially good for breakfast - pancakes, bacon & eggs.  But we have also ended up cooking hamburgers or porkchops on it when the gas grill has run out of fuel.  The size makes it easy to clean and store. We are ordering our third griddle shortly - we use them so much that the surface wears out.  Now, don't get me wrong - our first griddle lasted about 5 years, the last one about 2 years.  Again, we use it all the time.  It really is one of the best purchases for our kitchen we have ever made.
GODINGER/SHANNON CRYSTAL. I OWN 24 PIECES OF EACH OF THE GODINGER CRYSTAL IN WINE, GOBLET, TOM COLLINS, SHORTS, MARTINI AND CHAMPAGNE---THEY ARE BEAUTIFUL! THE SPARKLE AND SHINE OF EACH PIECE IS MAGNIFICENT. I PURCHASED FROM EVERY STORE I COULD THINK OF TO RETAIN THIS COLLECTION OF OUTSTANDING AND DURABLE CRYSTAL. IT IS NOT FLIMZEY LIKE MOST CRYSTAL BUT WIEGHTY AND THE PRICE IS OUTSTANDING. I WOULD INCOURAGE ANYONE TO PURCHASE ANY AND ALL OF THE GODINGER PIECES ALONG WITH THE CANDLE/HURRICANE VASES ALONG WITH THE COMPOTES ARE SIMPLY GORGEOUS! PLEASE BUY, BUY, BUY!!!!!!!!!
Not just for bananas. This banana holder makes a great headphone holder.try it it really works.Ton
DC 14 is a no brainer. For $300 this vacuum was a no brainer.  It works far better than all the others we've had.  Wife is please so I'm happy.  Just wish we would have purchased this one before the last two junkers :)The only issue we have is the hose extention length.  It would help if it were longer but considering the design and where the hose is located, I'm happy.
Really enhances your cornbread!. I just recently purchased three of these (one for myself, one for a friend & one as a gift).  You have to season it first, but there are instructions included for doing so.  So far, I have only used mine once, but the cornbread turned out really great.  I really like it because the cornbread is so crusty and that is the part that I like!!
Amazing. I have been cooking on the Big Green Egg for about 4 years now and will recommend it to anyone trying to cook with a ceramic cooker.  Anyone that ever comes over and I cook for loves my food and can't get enough of.  I will recommend reading the manual because it will explain to you exactly how to cook meats perfectly.  I would also recommend purchasing some kind of starter also.  If you are using this grill to transport, don't buy it because it is very heavy and the more you move this thing around the more probable the ceramic will crack.  If this is going to just sit on your back patio or deck I would suggest buying this item over any other grill/smoker.
Sets the standard for all other peppermills. This is not the only peppermill I own, but it is the only one I'll use. I hate to admit it , but I have walked into the dining room to retrieve this baby even though a perfectly usable mill was right in the kitchen cupboad in front of me. I did not intend to become such a peppermill snob but this is such a well designed tool that I can no longer settle for using the old ones. All previous mill suffered from similar problems which Oxo has solved.In Maryland, humidity is always a problem for peppermills. Not for this one. Through the dog days of August, when other mills are just mashing peppers into a gummy paste and clogging to the point where you will gladly settle to a year old can of ground pepper, this mill produces a talc fine powder. I've read that other people have trouble getting a fine grind. You cannot just crank down on the adjustment nut to get a fine grind. Your have to turn the crank counter clockwise as you tighten the adjuster. This helps clear the mechanism. If you don't do this, the larger peppercorns block the mechanism from closing down all the way.Once you get the hang of how to adjust this mill, it will provide copiuous quantities of pepper from extra cource to super fine. The easy grip handle eliminates all the wasted motion associated with tradional mill. I make my own barbeque rub and always hated grinding enough pepper for the recipe. Most mills only grind correctly in one direction. So, you twist the knob, release it reposition your grip and twist again. Half your motion is wasted. Now, thanks to the easy grip handle I can crank out tablespoons of pepper in seconds. When I'm done, I set the mill back on it clip-on base so there is no pepper dust in my spice cabinet.If you believe that form follows function, this is a beautiful tool. If you need more status from you peppermill get a solid walnut mill or a brushed aluminum mill from another manufacturer. Just don't expect it to out perform this classic.
Great toaster. I like this toaster a lot. It has a substantial feel to it. It stays put when you push the lever down, and the bread toasts relatively evenly. It's worth every cent.
Fiestaware Mugs. In an attempt to get RED coffee mugs, I ordered two "cinnibar" Fiestaware coffee mugs. While they are in the red family, the color has too much brown in it for me. I wish Fiestaware would produce a true red shade.Other than that,they were fine. Price reduction didn't mean much once the s&h were added. Could have driven to the store, paid regular price and still gotten them for less. My fault for being lazy
Love this teapot. After reading the Amazon reviews I decided to order this electric kettle. I had read where somone stated that the kettle boiled too long before the auto shut-off kicked in. Maybe they have fixed that problem because, my tea kettle shuts off very soon after boiling, so I never have to worry about forgetting the boiling water. This pot looks very stylish, boils water fast, holds plenty of water and seems very safe due to shutting off quickly after water reaches boiling. I like the on-off switch, and the lack of cord.  Worth the extra money over the cheaper one. I love mine
Presto 6qt Stainless. Excellent safety features.  I went with the traditional gravity rocker system vs new spring-loaded type because of the old proven design.  The lid closes and opens smoothly and I feel safe with the pressure-actuated safety lock.  Rocker does not pop off when the pot is moved, (unlike my old Mirro unit (ca. 1977) which finally wore out.)  I wish it had been made in the USA vs China, because I still do not trust Chinese metal work
useful/great price/ neat addition to your kitchen. I purchased 12 of these,used them for a chili party.They hold a good serving and dress up the table with the design,the cobalt blue is a deep true cobalt,I put them in the dishwasher,no chipping,I do put a papertowel between them when I stack them away in the pantry.I own a lot of Emile Henry,very high quality,well worth the investment,these will be passed down to my childern
Great air popper. I really like this air popper.  It works just as it should and quickly pops the corn.  Thanks
I have two of these now. And I love them. In fact I also have the computer desk, hutch, an end table, file cabinet, cd rack (no longer available I guess?) and two folding bookshelves. All have been in perfect shape and an amazingly good value.&#60;br /&#62;&#60;br /&#62;I am super bummed that Target stores no longer carry this line. I hate having to wait for shipping and worry about the possible damage. So far nothing has been damaged
cooking made simple. makes preparing meals neater and easier, a must have in the kitche
Great Juicer. The Champion is a strong Jucier. You can  juice for as long as You need without having to clean out the pulp. Very handy for large jobs. I think the Champion is the best for all of My needs
Works like a charm. This is an excellent collar/training system..  PetSafe is a reliable company that takes pet care seriously.  My dogs took to the collars so well, they only need to wear them as a reminder a few hours a week.  They actually go the hang of it after just one doorbell/bark session and actually stayed away from the door the entire time they had the collars on.  If the kids get the dogs going, all I have to do is grab a collar and show them and they settle down immediately.  There is an intimidation factor present and it works wonderfully.  The nylon section is strong and durable and I have had nothing but good luck with the product.  I would highly recommend it to anyone who cringes every time a visitor rings your doorbell or a squirrel passes by.  It truly helps them keep control without you lifting a finger.  Excellent product
Viva Fiesta!. I LOVE my Fiestaware & these bowls are a GREAT price! They are the cereal bowls that come in the 4 piece set.I think the other reviewer thought they would be bigger but they are exactly as they say they are: 19 oz. bowls. (I poured 19 0z. of water in just to make sure!
The BEST Cervical roll-- for me, at least. As a physical therapist who suffers from neck pain, this is the ONLY pillow that I can use without waking up to having cervical muscle spasms in the mornings. This pillow is great for people who do not have the normal curvature of the cervical spine a.k.a.-- straight necks (cervical arthritis etc).I bought one 3 years ago at CVS & have been looking for a year now for a replacement since mine cannot support my neck very well anymore.  It has been a week that I have been waking up to neck spasms & I am delighted to find that it is here at Amazon.  It was here all along, I just have been typing in the wrong name-- cervical pillow, cervical roll, neck roll etc....  I am happy that I remembered what my 5 year old son called it-- BONE, typed it, and boy was he right.
Itty-Bitty Lamp. I have looked over this product (it is a birthday present for someone else, so I haven't actually used it) and find that it meets all my expectatons for size, light weight, design
Perfect for those who value counter space but still need a real food processor. If you spend a lot of time in the kitchen, you likely want/need a food processor. If you are like me and have a small kitchen you also need counter space.I would say this is most powerful small footprint food processor you will find. It isn't too small, it isn't too big. It's the Goldilocks food processor, it is just right. I am guessing that is why it is been rated as a best buy by multiple independent research companies.7 cup bowl (plus a 3 cup bonus bowl so you can switch and do multiple items), cheese shredder and slicer. It will do all the things you really need it to do. Plus it is quiet, not "under powered quiet" more like "well made quiet". It is fairly heavy, like you would expect from KitchenAid. It doesn't move around when you remove the top or switch out parts.It also has a 1 year "call them up, they send you a new one, you return the old one in the box they sent, they pay for shipping both ways, no hassle" warranty.Another thing just to mention, I saw some where, not sure where, but it said that this can't be used for making dough/bread. Not sure why because it comes with recipes for dough.So to close, unless you a making food for 20 people all the time and think you need a bigger model, buy this one.
Beautiful touch for entertaining. It's something I would always forget about but something I needed for entertaining -- an ice bucket. I finally remembered to get one. I chose this one primarily because of its design. It *is* lovely, but it's also functional and convenient. (It's dishwasher safe!) It added a very nice touch to my most recent party, and I was very pleased with the price
get this if you are single. I got mine in April 2003 - after reading review by S Jentsch that said these are a familiar occurrence at family reunions and such.. oh? i had never even heard of them.. I have been using it ever since and hardly ever use the stove oven anymore.  If you can barely cook, throw in meat, veg, seasonings, set to bake and an hour or so later - dinner's ready! (you can take off lid to peek at how things are cooking -i have mine on an old dresser in the kitchen - that's its home)  Can't imagine living without it.. when lots leftover and i can't be bothered with tupperware etc, well i just put the whole liner in the fridge.. easy to clean.. just fab :
Don't burn the macaroni. I purchased this pot in January, and have used it several times a week since.  I love the pot for sauces and other stove top applications, it has worked tremedously on my ceramic stove top (grrr hate the ceramic wish it was gas but that is a different review).  The pot has been easy to clean and the finish has held up very well, and I looked forward to years of use until I boiled the pot dry with my macaroni noodles.  The noodles seemed to have bonded in a blackened brotherhood to the bottom of the pot and no amount of soaking, scrubbing, cleaning can seem to coax them to separate again.  Because this little incident had more to do with being the mother of a teething 8 month old and had very little to do with the pot, I will definatly be purchasing another pot.Overall this is a great purchase at an unbelievable price, so for cooks hoping to take their dishes up a notch I would totally reccomend it just don't leave it on the stove with noodles and no water for over 30 minutes.
no more messy counters , can operate while intoxicated. coffee for lazy people....i love the noise it makes sounds like a jackhammer..and the green and red lights and orange ....i am addicted to the the press the button load noise flashing lights...and the warm disk as you put it into the trash..its like loading a gun...wonderful!!!!only thing i think needs improvment is the the creamers are not sweet..they taste like oil???? i drink them anyway maybe i get use to this creamer???mine is still working over 100 disks this mounthdont get a broke machine is all i can say?
It does reduce odors. I've had this for a few months now and it does work well at removing odors.It came in very handy when out neighbor was having their septic tank pumped out.Within a few minutes of turning it on high the smell was reduced significantly in the area where it was running
Lasts forever!. I always loved the original Fiestaware that my Grandma had.I was very happy when the new line came out.I purchased my first placesettings at least 8 years ago and they are wonderful! They take a lot of abuse as we don't have a dishwasher and not one has broken or cracked. My sister had bought Pfaltzgraff at the same time and has since replaced them all as they cracked,chipped and discolored.I am still buying additions to my sets. Now my kids are buying it for themselves. Great stuff
recommend. Love this grill. Easy to clean and can accomodate more items. Bought this one for son and daughter-in-law. It maybe a bit large for two but they love to cook and have friends over - so went for the larger size
Fun to Use!. I saw these pans being used by Paula Deen to make cornbread to go with the fish she was cooking. I just had to have them and found them on Amazon. They are cute and fun to use, although it is a little tricky at first knowing how much to fill each one. (I had a few disasters with them rising out of the pans at first!) Once you get the hang of it, they make the perfect cornbread to go with any dish - and the kids love them
dragonfly desk. Fast delivery, directions for assembly slightly difficult to follow,  Quality not as good as I would like.  Completely functional
Great little saucepan. I like the size and shape of this saucepan. It is big enough for something like spaghetti sauce or even mashed potatoes, but not so big is overwhelms smaller jobs.Cleans up nice and the lid is good
Very Nice. love this blender. Looks great, was going to get the kitchen aid blender read alot of bad reviews so I went with one thinking I was not going to be happy and I am very happy with it
jokemaster. My son loves to tell jokes but he never can remember them.  He loves hearing the jokes on this toy and plays them over and over.  He took it to school for show and tell.  It was a huge hit.  Jokes are appropriate for younger elementary children
Flour Sifter. I gave this as a Xmas gift - had been looking for a 1 cup sifter like the one I purchased for over 2 years.  I was just delighted to find one on your site and the person that I purchased it for was delighted to receive it.  She has an old canister set that this product will fit in nicely.Thank you
good value. This is a very nice pan for $20.  The non-stick surface works very well, even without cooking oil.  The heavy aluminum heats up very evenly.  The glass lid helps prevent over-cooking.  Of course, non-stick pans are for low-to-medium heat only.  You cannot use this pan for high-heat stir frying
This is a great kitchen helper. Honest to goodness, this is the best $20 you'll ever spend if you like to cook.  No kidding.  So much easier than a blender since you don't have a blender to clean -- the blade end twists off and you can put it in the top rack of your dishwasher.  Ihave had mine for years and it is going strong.  Great for pureed soups and dips and dressings.You need to become facile with positioning so you don't wind up with hot splattering liquid, so be sure you are careful until you get the hang of it.  Try to pool liquid/soup so it covers the blades, for example.  Don't try to do a very small amount of something that is liquid else you might be burned and/or make a mess.  This used to come with a kind of tall plastic cup that made the most out of small amounts and gave you some protection from making a mess.  If it no longer does, I would get something like this.  Then you can also store it in this cup -- standing on your counter
Like a diaper genie for cats. I bought this and it does keep me from running to the outside trash twice a day. Still, my 2 cats must produce a whole lot of waste because the refill cartridges don't seem to last more than 2 to 3 weeks and I the litterlocker fills up about 2 or 3 times a week. Still, it does a good job of concealing the odors and I can pretend that I don't have indoor cats in between cleanings.If I could improve it:The refills would last longerThe container would be a little bit biggerThe blade for cutting the bags would be sharperI'd add a little barrier to the hole where the waste goes so kitty litter isn't easily spilled out when you dump it inOverall, I'm glad I bought it. It wouldn't be big enough storage for more than 2 cats, and as it is, my two give it a run for its money. I guess I should just be glad that my cats are regular and leave it at that. ;)
Pizza Stone & Peel Set 14 x 16. Works like a charm.Great for pizza and homemade bread and biscuits
Still The Best Set Around!. My husband and I just purchased a ceramic top stove. After finding out that we could no longer use our old, much loved, Revere copper-bottomed pots and pans on the new stove, we began to look for new cookware.So much of what is out there is terribly expensive and I don't like stainless steel handles -- they are too long to store the stuff easily and the pots and pans too heavy. In addition, the "sets" of cookware available left too much out - not enough sauce pans -- too many fry pans.Thankfully, we found this 14-piece Revere 2000 set here at Amazon. It has absolutely eveything I want in a cookware set. I like the "pistol grip" stay cool handles and round lid knobs. Everything in the set is easy to store (nice, short handles!), easy to use on the stove top, and easy to clean.The cookware heats up quickly and efficiently - I have been able to boil water in a short time on medium heat - never having to turn the stove knob to "high". Food stays good and hot on the stove with the lids on and the stove turned off.I have had no problem cleaning anything - I just put a drop of dish detergent in warm water and let the pan soak for a short while. Using a "tuffy" plastic scrub pad and a little bit of "Barkeepers Friend" on a sponge keeps this cookware looking new.I am very pleased with this set and plan to purchase more accessories in this line. The set is practical, highly useable and easy to store. Plus, it didn't cost a fortune! I'm delighted!
Just perfect for entertaining!. I am very pleased with this ice bucket. It is what I would call standard size and it has a very versatile style. By this I mean it is perfect for casual as well as more formal occassions. It is very well constructed and it very well may be the last ice bucket I ever have to purchase!
Great fan. This fan works great. I like the height and love the remote control. Highly recommended
Great gift. I bought this particular zen garden for my younger sister because she enjoyed the one I had so much.  I love the tools that come with it.  The only problem I had with mine was one of the small feet came off from the bottom.  My younger sister was very happy to receive this, but hasn't said anything beyond that
Alsome Product. This is a great product to make delectable pancakes. Yum. The only reason I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 is that when you flip it sometimes the pancake batter comes out and it makes a small mess. Besides that it's Perrrfect!
Absolutely Love It, I'm a beginner, it's not hard to use!. My husband bought this for me a year ago, I had never used an embroidery machine before.  I was kind of scared about having to learn the new technology.  I flipped through the manual for about 30 minutes and then got started, it worked easily and effortlessly.  I use the software to digitize clipart and drawings that I scan into the computer, it is so much fun!  Family members and friends are always so impressed when they see what I make.  I'm going to a wedding in a month and I plan on monogramming some towels as a present.I've never had any problem with the bobbin or software.  However, sometimes if I cancel the embroidery transmission halfway through, the machine will start flashing and I wont be able to start a new project until I unplug the USB, turn off the machine, and restart my computer.  But that only happens very rarely.  Also, when I first got the machine I had trouble with thread breakage because I had unknowingly bought very poor quality rayon thread.  I now use good quality polyester and the thread never breaks anymore.  I recommend this machine
Loved it...except for the shipping. I ordered two sets of the dinnerware and upon arrival , about 4 bowls, 2 salad plates, and a dinner plates were cracked, chipped, etc.  However, Amazon made it extremely easy to get the whole boxed returned and replaced with a new set.  Unfortunately the new set had one broken item in it.  But I figured, one was a lot better than 8.  The set itself is excellent.  They are versatile with any decorative theme and clean up great in the dishwasher.
Replaced after 25 years. I finally had to replace my West Bend Electic Wok after 25 hard years of use.  The wok still worked but the electric cord gave out.  I could replace the cord for about $20 but I got to looking at what was a beautiful red wok and it was now faded and the interior was beginning to stick.  I figured they may have made a few improvements in that time, so opted to by a new one.  It was well worth it.  Heats up much faster, cools down quicker, larger cooking surface.  Since I have a pantry, it stored in the same space as before.  I like the metal lid.  It is lighter than my first one so I can lift it with one hand and spoon contents out with the other.  The only problem I have is seeing the temperature gauge because of the electrical outlet location in my kitchen.  The gauge ends up on the left, under the handle
I LOVE IT!!!!!!. THIS COMFORTER IS FANTASTIC! It's light, so you don't feel weighted down. It's very warm, cuddly, soft and comfortable and seems to be very well made. And it looks great on my bed! I can't find one thing to complain about!! I wish I had bought one in every color!!! Great bargain for the money!!
Thank you  Amazon!. I couldn't find this at any of the local Bed Bath and Beyonds.  They said it was discontinued.  I was so happy to find it on Amazon!  It came in a few days and it's perfect
EXPENSIVE BUT WORTH IT!. I'll preface this by saying that I have cooked professionally for almost 15 years.  Before ordering this massive processor, I checked out almost everything comparable.  I am delighted with my selection.  This processor is very powerful.  If you have a large family or do a lot of entertaining, this one is for you.  The work bowl is massive, and batters don't slop out.  The motor can handle multiple batches of cookie dough. You can turn out cake batter in no time, and in big quantities.  I went for a big processor as I have a large family.  Several years ago I catered my daughter's wedding reception, and how I wish I had this processor at that time.  Now it's easy to produce huge amounts of pesto, knead multiple recipes of bread dough, and slice tons of veggies. This product is a TOTAL WINNER
Disappointed but liking it!. I was excited to get my toaster so soon after ordering it.  When I opened it, I was disappointed that the "outer shell" seemed to be made of plastic.  After using this fabulous little toaster, I'm sold on it.  It really gets the job done, just the way you like it
A Perfect Cup of Coffee!. After staying with friends and enjoying a morning cup of coffee from their machine, I decided to purchase my own Jura-Capresso. After a month of now owning my machine, I can not express how much I enjoy the ability to make a perfect cup of coffee.  The machine works very well and I have had no problems with it.  I received the optional siphoning attachment to make latte's and hot hot milk drinks.  This also works well for heating the milk prior to putting in the coffee.  My only question is whether to purchase the after sale factory extended warranty as it is rather pricey
Mikey Likes it!. I like this coffee maker. It looks good and makes great coffee!I can't think of anything negative to say about it other than it's a bit bigger and heavier than I would have liked.I actually bought it for the color, but I was pleasantly surprised to find that it was made so well
Satisfaction Level. I am very satisfied with this product.It made my jam making this year much easier
saucy little pitchers. I have two of these and use them for sauces or dressings that pour easily.  Thick or chunky items don't always pour so well, but cream, herbed olive oil, au jus, etc. work well.  These are good for meals where a sauceboat is too big or where you'd like to have more sauce containers readily available to your guests rather than waiting for the gravy boat to get passed around and around so often
Good Coffee. This is the second Bunn Coffee Brewer We have had, The first one lasted 10 years. I wouldn't buy any other brand
Delivers as promised. I have a 15 year old model #110 which wasn't delivering any more.  I bought the 130 and it is vastly superior.  This is the top of the line
KitchenAid food processor. My wife loved one of her early Christmas presents! She used it to make Christmas cookies and loved it
Kids had a great time. My daughter (12) had eight of her of girl friends over for a party, and for dessert we tried the Fondue Fountain for the first time.  Instructions for assembly and use were clear and the fountain went together very easily.  We melted two pounds of chocolate, poured it into the fountain and it worked fine.  I never saw two pounds of chocolate go so fast.  Clean up was a snap, all the components (except for the motor and the girls) go right into the dishwasher.  For the price, $10.99 on sale, I would definitely recommend it.
great! perfect size for everything. This set is so versatile.  I bought these because I own the red Le Creuset cookware and they matched them.  I thought that I would never use them and they would collect dust in the cupboard, but the longer I own them the more uses I find for them! Great for appetizer containers, for making mini casseroles (or quiches), creme brulee, serving soup, I've even baked mini bread loaves in them!  The only recommendation I have is to buy two sets--I usually end up using four at a time instead of two.
Beautiful Wine Glasses. Despite the modest price, this set of blown crystal light weight glasses is artfully elegant, in the fine tradition of Italian design, and will certainly enhance anyone's enjoyment of the fruit of the gods. Compares favorably with the heavily advertised Reidel and Waterford glassware, except it is lighter
Great little vacuum!. This lightweight vacuum does a superb job of cleaning the area rug and hardwood floors in between regular heavy duty vacuuming.  It's inexpensive and very light, and you can turn the roller brush on and off.  I have two dogs and two birds, and between them they can make a room filthy in one day.  All I have to do is use this vacuum and the room is clean in a jiffy!  As others have mentioned, it is a little loud, the cord should be longer, and the filter could be easier to clean, but all in all it is a good little vacuum.  And, if you clean the dust cup and remove the hair from the roller brush when you are done, it should continue to work well for you.
DC18 Slim - hard to push. The vacuum cleans very well as per the other reviews noted.  The container does fill up after 2 rooms.  Yet, the biggest drawback that I experieced is that it feels heavy to push.  You can't set the height and the wheels in the brushhead are very small and low to the ground.  Thus, the vaccum brush head must produces a lot of drag/friction on the carpet surface.  Th result is that on average height carpet, I had to put a lot of effort to push and pull the vacuum.  My 2 older vacs are much easier on my back and muscles to push despite being 3-5 lbs heavier. Another issue to be aware is that the brushhead housing is made of thin lightweight plastic that is easy to damage.  During my first use I accidently got too close to the blind cord and the little plastic pullcord stopper was sucked up.  It was easy to remove but that small plastic part put a major cut/dent in the bottom of the brush plate/cover.
A Fine Addition to Any Kitchen. This garlic baker is a fine addition to any kitchen. After several weeks of use, it has never failed to produce tastey, roasted garlic, which in turn has proven to be a delicious addition to pizza or pasta sauce
Beautiful~. This is a very beautiful piece to complete the collection.Nice and solid. The color matches the collection
Works great!!. I got two of these. One for me and my wife and one for my sons room.We live in NYC (Queens) and its two floors down to laundry room. The house is old and stairs are very steep, no building codes back in 1901.Carrying a basket down stunk, door ways are narrow in my house so always jammed my fingers. This is great, roll it down & up stairs no jammed fingers. If anything I would prefer a taller handle. I am 5'10" and its just a bit to low. For my wife its perfect height.Gave it a one star ding do to shipping costs. MAN was almost as much as the two hampers cost to buy. Its shipped from Target, but Target doesn't carry them in store, only on-line. And I have seen these in stores for more than twice the price here. So it's about even.Good hamper, takes up minimal space and great for you with narrow doorways and steep stairs
Best fryer I ever owned. The best part of this fryer is it's ease of cleanup being that the oil is easilly drained, and the pan that holds the oil comes out.  Also the element disconnects so you can really clean this thing.  The unit will not turn on if the heating element isn't attached properly which is a nice safety feature.  The outside doesn't get as hot as I thought it would though I'm sure you could still burn yourself if you touched it for any long period of time.
A Great Aquarium. The marineland eclipse 3 is a great aquarium. The filter system works very well. It is great for small fish, and makes a great home for a single beta fish. However, if you want to keep larger fish, like goldfish, then this aquarium isn't your best choice. Overall, I was very pleased with this aquarium
49erbabe. Don't hesitate to buy this light weight blanket.  It is wonderfully made; the reason I'm giving it a 5 rating is that it fits my California King bed.  I've looked high and low to find a blanket that fits....this one does!  Buy this blanket with confidence.  Deffinately a great find on Amazon, and the price wasn't bad either
everyday pan. This is the only place that I could find this pan, I looked everyplace locally that I could think of.  I couldn't find it anywhere else on the internet except Amazon.  I have one like this, and I absolutely love it...use it all of the time.  I wanted another for a gift.  Fantastic price, great quality. Shipping was very fast
Good product!. I am potty training my son, so I needed a good waterproof mattress pad but didn't want to spend a lot of money.  This fits the bill.  It's lightweight but sturdy, and has already stopped one naptime accident from soaking through to the mattress, and held up well in the wash so far.  Has a nice feel, and it doesn't seem to make him overly warm as some waterproof pads do.  Our mattress is old and thin by today's standards, but the pad seems roomy enough that I think if we got a new thick mattress, it would still work.  Very pleased with this purchase
Nice Queen Set. These have been great sheets, and the price was not bad either.  We did not pay a lot for these but the are well worth even more
Nice, bright colors!. I bought these to decorate some dia de los muertos skulls with icing.  The Ateco food coloring gave nice bright, vibrant colors and mixed with the icing very well. I was totally satisfied with the purchase
Great product. This is a great product and although a bit pricey, very helpful.  I bought this for my wife thinking it would annoy me, but I actually enjoy it.  My only complaint is that when you use it at night, there's no way to turn off the lights.  You can turn them down a bit, but it's still pretty bright
Best Knife Storage Ever. We had our kitchen gutted and completely redone. I built a knife holder to use in a drawer. Now, with the Wusthof 25-slot, I have removed my home-made holder. The drawer can be used to store other items. I can fit a huge assortment of the knives we have been using for several years. There is no need to buy a lot of new knives. Just use a sharpener and keep those old friendly knives. Having the knives up on the countertop makes them much more accessible and therefore easier to select and use. You can't go wrong with this super storage block
Quite shocking. The shocking pink is nice and shocking, which I guess is what you're going for if you buy this. It has a great squishy texture and the material feels nice.I guess as a 'decorative' pillow it's not really supposed to be useful, but I like to put it under my head if I'm laying on the floor watching TV.
Reliablie and nice looking grinder... missing features?. This is a grinder that looks great, it grinds beans evenly and it even can handle a larger amount of beans than other comparable grinders. Why 4 stars and not 5? It's pricier than the rest, it doesnt have an automatic setting (u have to count seconds to get the level of grinding you need), it also takes some trial and error to figure out the amount of beans you need to grind for the number of cups you're making. Once you figure that out, and its class
Shamrock rocks!. These mugs were gorgeous... nice and big to fill up with cocoa after being out in the snow!  The color is beautiful - a little darker than the retired chartreuse - but they look wonderful with the cobalt, sunflower, plum, &amp; turquoise I already have
Excellent quality. The desk was not difficult at all to put together and is very high quality for the price!  I was incredibly pleased with it.  It was delivered quickly and in good shape.  The keyboard drawer is great.  I have been looking at desks like this in stores and have seen some of this type for at least twice the price, including shipping, if not more.  I would highly recommend it
I am confused. Is this a fast and easy way to take a pizza from freezer to perfect in minutes? The product features are not clear
For people who have cats and litterboxes. This doesn't exempt you from cleaning the litterbox, it just shortens the duration of odor after your cat uses it.  We still clean the box every other day or so and this works great.  It's not going to go into your cat's poop and remove the components that smell bad
Shun is simply the best!. My wife bought these knives for me last Christmas.  WOW!  Out of the box, they are the sharpest knives I have ever seen.  Vegetables that shine when you cut them, the cut is smooth as glass.  I was astounded.  Beauty and functionality put these knives in a class all their own. One of the best gifts anyone has ever given to me.  A year later, they are still razor sharp and breathtakingly beautiful.  I still have to take a few seconds to look at them every time I open the convenient and attractive bamboo box.  If there is a chef in your life, you can not go wrong with this as a gift.  If you are the chef, and are looking for the best knives in the world, look no further.  HIGHLY reccommended to anyone who needs new knives, or just wants to upgrade.(I don't care what you have in your kitchen, these ARE an upgrade!
Solid replacement but no lid.... The pot itself is the same one that the coffee maker came with so I was very satisfied with that aspect.  I knew prior to buying (by reading the other reviews) that the item DOES NOT COME WITH THE LID which you need. Luckily I had my old lid still but really who does that...sell the replacement in two parts? Apparently Krups does. Because of this once my coffee pot bites the dust I will never buy another Krups product again.  Both because of the pot and lid being sold as separate items and because there is no mention of this essential bit of info in the description.  Thank God for the reviewers
A Filter That Doesn't Get In The Way of Flavor. This filter allows more of the oils of the coffee to pass into the cup than most paper filters. For a more full-bodied cup which is somewhere in between a drip coffee maker and a French press, this is the filter to own.  At least that's what everyone on the home coffee roaster's list tells me.  I am buying one on their recommendation
Very useful shape, same classic design. Bowls are nice, but some foods fit better on these bread trays.  Even things that aren't bread.  My trays get loaded up with asparagus, grilled skewers of shrimp or veggies, and other long items.  Also nice for a couple of potted herb plants
Good, to a point. First: the mats work, baked good do not stick to it if you use the lightest spray of PAM.  Foods don't stick much if you don't use a spray for that matter.The mats lie flater than Silpat which tend to curl.The only knock is they are tough to clean after baking.  They are dishwasher safe and I now clean then in the top rack of the dishwasher, but the Silpat wipes clean easily without needing a trip to the Dishwasher.A small compliant to be sure
Classy glasses at a good price. While they are a bit smaller than the martini glasses I ususally use, these martini glasses are the bargain way add a real "James Bond" look to a party.   Get some sort of martini pick, plus martini olives or onions, and you and your guests will feel like rich playboy secret agent VIPs
PR-D1 Review. Unit should be shipped with a little better packing.  When it showed up, the one burner knob was off laying seperately in the box and that burner did not work correctly. It would not turn off.  Had to take the unit apart to fix the burner knob shaft so burner would turn on and off correctly.  Since doing that, both burners have been working fine.  I have used it quite a bit and have had no other problems than the shipping problem.  It is great value for the money
Nice griddle that will not take up all your counter space!. I bought this for my Grandmother who cooks for two. It is small and compact enough to put in your cabinets and doesn't take a lot of counter space while you are using it. Its the perfect size to make pancakes, eggs and bacon! We used it to make grilled cheese, and they came out perfect! This would be great for singles, college students, and anyone who likes great things in small packages
Wish clean up was easier. I received this for Christmas and I really like it.  Does a great job making paninis. I do wish it was easier to clean.  Maybe if it came with a plastic spatula to remove sandwich that also had cutouts in the handle to clean between the grates, or removable plates.  Still love it though.  Kids love the grilled cheese sandwiches.  Done in minutes.
great buy- hand wash. My husband and I selected these knives based on the J.A. Henkels reputation and the sleek staineless style of the handles and the silvery painted knife block.  I love how they cut and the weight of each knife.  The manufacturer advises that though they are dishwasher safe, you should hand-wash them, which is about the only thing I don't like - although since they are such good-looking knives I really want to take good care of them!  This set is very reasonably priced and comes with a good variety including serrated bread knife and even a tomato knife.  Have had them for about 2-3 months and havent had to sharpen them yet but the large chef knife gets used most often I will probably have to sharpen it soon. Altogether, a great buy
Great Gift. My mom wanted a meat slicer for Christmas.  She reports that this one does an excellent job and is really easy to clean.  My dad jokes that she now slices everything
Sleep in comfort. Wonderful sheets.  It really feels like a luxury experience.  The color "Brick Red" is pretty provocative as well. I like these sheets
No Problems till now. I have had this cooker almost a year now and have not had any problems with it. Rice does not stick to the cooker and is so easy to clean. I usually do not let it remain in Keep Warm for long
Best Bakeware I've Ever Used!. I'm a guy who has been cooking for over 20 years, and I have enough experience to know a great product when I use it.  I got this handy- dandy collection plus a separate, larger Tri-tanium loaf pan for Christmas of '06.  Absolute #1 feature is ease of cleanup.  A quick soak, a few swishes with a sudsy Scotch Brite sponge & it's spotless.  #2 feature is the shiny, slick almost bulletproof finish.  Way far better than teflon because it's not textured, and is metal utensil friendly.  It's heavy and dark, reduces cooking times slightly, has ergonomic type handles, and generally is a pleasure to use.  My experience includes use of glass & ceramic bakeware (can be hard to clean burned or hard baked meats & cakes), commercial type aluminum bakeware (downright booger to scrape & clean) and other assorted "junkware".  The cookie sheet is a dream - fast consistent results (I use parchment paper on the pan for the cookies - I almost don't need to wash the pan when I'm finished.  The plastic cover for the rectangular baking pan is a nice touch, it helps keep cakes fresh longer and holds the heat on a lasagna after it's done. It's a tiny tad pricey but it should last a lot longer than most other metal and all teflon products out there. Buy it, you won't be disappointed!
innovative uses. i use one of mine as a ring! looks lovely, and so unique.
great papertowel holder. We have been searching for a stainless steel papertowel holder for sometime now and we finally decided to purchase this one from Amazon.com.  They truly can make your shopping easier to do without ever having to leave your home.  I am very pleased with the Paper Towel Holder and Amazon.com
Great  product at a low price. This looks great and holds lots of winter coats right now as well as purses & bookbags! Very low price - I love it.
Don't need Starbucks anymore... I am able to make lattes that are just as good as the ones I get at Starbucks with this.  One note though - after using it a couple times, the frothing/steaming tube stopped working.  I thought it was broken and freaked out, but discovered that the tube was just clogged.  You can twist off the end of the tube and clean it out.  Once I did this, it worked perfectly again.  I'm saving tons of money now
Great product for the price. This sheet is great.  Feels great, looks great, and feels good to the skin.  Glad I bought it and the price was great
Still working well. We bought this 9 months ago, still working well.  We bought a 2nd one shortly after first one.  Works well, filters cheaper than most other ones.  Is a bit noisey (white noise), but my wife prefers that for sleeping anyway.  We both smoke, so it does a good job out in our sunroom we smoke in.Well worth the money we paid for them and the filter cost.We run ours all the time, so they seem to hold up well over the long haul too
Great little food processor!. This machine is beautiful in red, it looks great on my counter.  The machine works perfectly, when I pulse it gently pulses the items slowly and gives me a perfect chop.  I used this with mushrooms and onions and celery and each item was chopped to perfection as I orchestrated the pulses.  Then I took some eggs and put them in with some chopped basil and hit the on button and voila beautiful whipped eggs.  This is a great machine.  I have even got perfectly ground almonds and graham cracker crumbs.  Buy this beautiful little jewel.  It works great and makes minimum noise
Great gadget for the active cook. Hang this around your neck and you won't forget that next basting or turning on the grill or stove.  Good loud ring, easy to set, and no batteries needed.  Had one for four years and it keeps on working
Presto 06620 11 -inch electric skillet. Perfect for breakfast and small dinners.Cleans easy ,quickly heats.Fits in small spaces.Ideal for students and RV'sI use it everyday ,best buy for your money
A great starter piece or addition to your Le Creuset collection. Le Creuset manufactures porcelain enameled cast iron cooking vessels as well as other products. Le Creuset casts these cooking vessels from molten iron poured in sand moulds that are used only once. For this reason, one pot may look like another, but each is unique in its own way.Cast iron is a highly efficient material which absorbs and distributes heat efficiently. It is recommended that cooking with cast iron is done on low to medium heat. There are exceptions like boiling water where cooking on high heat is appropriate and okay. Remove cast iron from the heat and it does not cool off quickly. This helps your food stay warm while serving. Beware; iron tends to be heavy so these cooking vessels tend to be heavy as well.Cast iron is an effective material for cooking so why cover it with enamel? Iron tends to rust; iron oxide (rust) doesn't add any complimentary flavors to your food. If your cast iron cooking vessel was not enameled, you would have to season and maintain your cooking vessel. Adding the porcelain enamel not only looks good, but has multiple benefits. The enamel, being a solid coating, is one of the most hygienic surfaces to cook on, does not stain, absorb odors, retain flavors, and is easy to clean. The enamel can be damaged, so limit cooking tools to plastic or wood.The benefits of cooking with Le Creuset cast iron are many, but lets get down to the buffet casserole specifically. 5 quarts can be a lot of space when it comes to casseroles, so consider your recipes when determining the size you need. The buffet casserole tend to do best if at least 3/4 full. Any less and you may overwhelm your food with heat evenly dispersed in the pot.With a large flat bottom that curves up this pan resembles a curved sided saute pan the only thing missing would be a long handle. The tight fitting lid is mostly flat with curved sides. This lid seals in heat, moisture, and flavors and can be used to hold your meat while you are making a sauce from the drippings. Its shape and design makes this an extremely versatile pan.I tend to use this pot for simple braising more than anything else. It easily holds a cut up large roasting chicken and other ingredients very well. But once you get past the basic functionality that lends itself to recipes such as paella, coq au vin, and basic casseroles, you can really open up the possibilities.Keep in mind this is a 5 quart pan, feeding two out if it is ridiculous unless you want plenty of leftovers. With that in mind, how about roasting a chicken in it with potatoes and vegetables all in the same pan soaking up those juices? Pineapple upside down cake or bread pudding for when you need to please many guests, making spaghetti sauce which you can later braise your meatballs in, poaching fish, or sauteing pork chops. The possibilities almost seem endless.One feature that people tend to complain about is the cost. The cost does seem steep compared to other pans made from other materials. Heck, cast iron doesn't seem like it should be expensive when comparing to that old cast iron pan past generations have used for cornbread and camping. However the manufacturing process requires making a mould for each and every pan produced. They then go through the enameling process before shipping these heavy pans. If you take what goes into making and distributing these high quality cast iron products, the cost tends to make sense. Then consider that this pan will easily last a lifetime when taken care of.Here is one of my favorite recipes I use this pan for:JAMBALAYA1/4 cup cooking oil1/2 lb. boneless cooked chicken, cubed1/2 lb. smoked sausage, sliced1 large chopped onion1 large chopped bell pepper1 bunch chopped green onions1 cup chopped celery2 cloves garlic, minced1 16 oz can tomatoes, drained (reserve liquid)1 tsp. thyme1/2 tsp. black pepper1/4 tsp. cayenne pepper1 tsp. salt1 1/2 cup converted rice1 1/2 cups chicken stock or water1 1/2 tbsp. Worcestershire2 lbs. peeled and deveined raw shrimp1) In your Buffet Casserole, saute diced chicken if not pre cooked, remove and hold in the lid until later. Use oil as needed.2) Saute sausage until lightly browned. Remove from pan and hold in the lid.3) Sautee onions bell pepper, green onions, celery and garlic in meat drippings until tender. Add tomatoes, thyme, pepper and salt. Cook 5 minutes.4) Stir in rice.5) Mix together liquid from tomatoes, stock and Worcestershire sauce to equal 2 1/2 cups. Bring to a boil, reduce to a simmer.6) Add raw shrimp, chicken and sausage and cook uncovered, stirring occasionally for about 30 minutes until rice and shrimp are done.PROS:Extremely versatileEfficient absorption and distribution of heatHygienic enamel cooking surfaceDoes not stain, absorb odors, or retain flavorsEasy to clean when not abused or misusedCan be transferred from stove top to the oven to the tableCan easily last a lifetimeCONS:Its heavy, as cast iron tends to be weighing in at about 15.5 pounds
Amazing!. This product is amazing!  We turn it on for about 30 minutes before going to bed (and turn it off when get into bed).  The warmth from the mattress pad is incredible, especially by our feet.  Makes the bed so cozy and easy to get into.  Highly recommended
as described. Makes a little tick tick tick noise but overall as described and nice and small. cant beat the pric
I don't drink coffee, but I love this coffee maker!!. Personally, I prefer a mocha and can't drink a thin-bodied coffee, but my husband loves several cups of coffee each day.  If it were left to him, nothing would ever get cleaned: however, the beauty I find in this Krups maker is that cleaning and maintenance is SO EASY---just rinse the loose parts with water and wipe all with a soft dish rag (it shines up just like new) and occasionally run vinegar through it (I do about every 3 months).  I don't have to worry about coffee messes or spills on the kitchen counter and my husband enjoys the coffee it makes.  Thanks Krups
Nothing else will do...... I attended Tulsa Chef Fest 2002 in November and attended a Riedel conducted seminar sampling a series of wines from around the world. I was skeptical but after the seminar I am rabid convert preaching the word. The effect of these glasses on wine is simply amazing. In the subsequent couple of weeks my wife and I purchased several of the Vinum series - "Bordeaux", "Chablis" (Chardonnay), "Sauvignon Blanc" and "Syrah". We will be adding more in time. The Syrah glasses are particular effective at concentrating the nose of the Australian and South African wines we have already enjoyed. Your satisfaction is guaranteed and the price, even at full retail, is worth every penny for the years you will enjoy with this superb glassware
Everything I expected it would be. This mattress pad does precisely what I expected it would. It takes the awful chill off my frozen bed on cold winter nights and doesn't overly roast the bed to an uncomfortable amount of heat, either. I especially like the feature that there are twice as many coils at the bottom end to warm cold feet.For the price, the build quality of the pad isn't overwhelming. The plastic controls feel a little chintzy and the pad fabric itself didn't seem overly durable. Nevertheless, from a functional point of view, I have nothing to complain about.It's a nice energy-saving luxury during the cold Upstate winter months. I keep the house thermostat at 55 degrees during the night, but with this little 70 watt pad and an oil-filled electric heater in the bedroom, the bedroom is plenty warm at a fraction of the energy costs
Great pans. I've used my Sitram cookware for more than a year with no problems, and customer service was great the one time I contacted them. Don't let one dissatisfied customer keep you from trying and buying this item
beautiful. This is a beautiful bookmark for anyone!  Shipping was fast and packaging was excellen
just what the chef ordered. Have been searching the web for this item for at least 1 year. Just what I wanted -vey happy.Good price to
Very nice wine glasses!. These wine glasses are great! I've bought Riedel wine glasses in the past and have always been very satisfied with them.
Hey critics, as they say in the computer world, RTFM. You need the read the manual for these devices. There are lots of things you need to know: no chrome, screws are loosened, lenses can scratch if face downward, etc.But the most important thing is 3 minutes on, 5 minutes off. If you don't obey that clearly documented rule. IT WILL BREAK. If you do, it will last for a long, long time
Fully Functional!. We ordered 2 of these so we could store our tree pieces across a couple of bags and make storage/retrieval easier.  Great product
It is a bottle opener.... Don't get all excited, it is just a bottle opener.  You get what you pay for, this one is high quality, and more expensive.  If you are a KitchenAid nut, this one is great for you.  If not, it is an expensive bottle opener
Fast service. I got the dog leash for a friend in a quick and fast manner
Good Product. I don't have a full kitchen so I rely on these things heavily. I went through many cheaper ranges before getting this one and it has really lasted. It boils water, stays hot for a long time and is really sturdy.I highly reccomend this burner.
Terrific. Quiet, powerful, and easy to clean, this processor is great. Excellent value as well.
Canary Toaster - Dualit. The toaster works great, a little noiser than I expected but not a disturbance. (The ticking of the timer)  The littlecanary' looks great on the counter.  Though it is on the  expensive side, only time will tell if the expense has been worth it.  For now, it has been in appearance and performance
Size does matter!. These cup are enormous! (Not to mention beautiful, in that fun and elegant way that only Fiestaware can be.) I was looking for a very large, oversized mug because I drink a lot of coffee and tea and am sick of having to refill constantly. I definately got my wish. I have eaten soup and cereal out of these, I even used them to serve coffee ice cream recently. Very cute! I plan on getting them in all of the six colors I have in Fiestaware. Let me tell you again, this cup is HUGE
Nothing else will do.... I attended Tulsa Chef Fest 2002 in November and attended a Riedel conducted seminar sampling a series of wines from around the world. I was skeptical but after the seminar I am rabid convert preaching the word. The effect of these glasses on wine is simply amazing. In the subsequent couple of weeks my wife and I purchased several of the Vinum series - "Bordeaux", "Chablis" (Chardonnay), "Sauvignon Blanc" and "Syrah". We will be adding more in time. The Syrah glasses are particular effective at concentrating the nose of the Australian and South African wines we have already enjoyed. Your satisfaction is guaranteed and the price, even at full retail, is worth every penny for the years you will enjoy with this superb glassware
wonderful weight. First one that I have purchased and it is extremely wonderful in the weight content as well as keeping us warm without feeling smothere
Dog Door Bell. It takes a little patience to get the dog to use it, at first she thought is was a treat machine, but eventually she realized it meant go outside. Works very well.
Nice towel. It could be a little bigger but it really is big enough. At the beginning there was a tiny bit of lint coming off but after one wash it was fine. Definitely worth the price
love this piece. I just bought this piece and tried it out. I love the size and no drip mouth..The color is beautiful and its so pretty on my buffet
It's a pot holder. What can ya say about a pot holder? It does it's job and I easily lose it :). My fault, not theres
20 yrs and just starting to go. I've used my griddle for over 20 yrs for lefse, bacon, swedish pancakes and whatever else I wanted to make.  Its just starting to go and I put a new one on my wish list for this christmas.  I LOVE it and would never buy a rectangular griddle again.  Its amazing how much you can fit on a round griddle
Spiegelau Vino wine glasses. After using Riedel wine glass for many years, and breaking many of them with a flick of my wrist; I decided to go with the better priced spiegelau's.  They are great!  My wine collector husband, who had previously only wanted to have the Reidel's; loves them too!  If you drink lots of wine and want a high quality glass to enjoy it in, these are it
Solid Stem wear. Have used these wine glasses for many years.  They are strong and fuctional well still graceful enough for a fine dinner setting
WORKS LIKE A CHARM. THE ELECRIC KETTLE WORKS VERY WELL. I HAVE NO COMPLAIN ABOUT IT AT ALL. I RECOMMEND IT FOR ANYONE LOOKING FOR AN ELECRIC KETTLE TO BUY.
Good home office cart!. This is great for holding the books and magazines I often need handy near the computer. It is easily pushed out of the way for cleaning or to make room for temporary project items
Great addition to my kitchen. I bought the rice cooker because I just got into cooking chinese food // it is an amazing product
Slick as a whistle. Over time, we've all tried many different types of corkscrews.  Some work a whole lot better than others.  And this is one that works very well.Once the screw bites into the cork fully, the levers when pushed down normally bring the cork right up.  Sometimes, if a body is not careful and if the cork is very dry, part of the cork may stay in the bottle.  But this corkscrew, from my experience, can retrieve the potential mess most of the time under such circumstances if one use a deft touch.In short, this is a good purchase to consider.  Simple to operate and very dependable
Instant conversions. This excellent kitchen tool has metric conversions right next to the US measurements, which makes it a perfect item for the international gourmet/chef.Very affordable, and durable, its shape makes it really easy to hold and handle with bare hands.Using a real stove to heat your liquids in a pan (the good old fashioned way) eliminates any "risks" of getting scalded...
Fantastic space saver. I bought two of these racks and I love them - I had previously stored my herbs and spices on one of those tiered shelving units/racks, and invariably I'd knock over an entire row when I would attempt, however gingerly, to sort through the jars and retrieve one from the back row.  This spice rack is a great space saver, and it's attractive enough to leave out on the counter.  Most importantly, I can find what I'm looking for at a glance.  I enjoy an organized life, but now, even my spice jars are alphabetized!Another reviewed mentioned that the jars are small.  I don't find this to be a problem, as the jars are ample enough to store quantities that I would go through in a reasonable period time.  Herbs and spices tend to lose their pungency over time, so stockpiling isn't advisable.Beauty and function - 5 stars
Great product -- I use it more than I thought I would. I am an avid tea drinker, and I purchased this thermal pot so that I would always have hot water available for a "quick" cup. There are three temperature settings (205, 185 and 140 degrees), and the 185 degree is perfect for tea. I use the 6hr "sleep" setting before going to bed, and I still have hot water for breakfast tea. At first I thought that the 4qt size might be a bit large, but it turns out to be just about right.The unit is very well built, and the features are well-thought-out. Whenever you need hot water -- it's right at hand. I love it
Humidifier. It is so quiet, that you cannot hear it.  It evaporated so much water on medium setting that I had to turn it to the low setting. Best humidifier that I ever bought
A most valuable gadget in my kitchen. As an older person I find this product a miracle in my kitchen.  In the past I often gave up on hard to open jars.  Now I look for jars to open!  I have found it invaluable!In addition to opening jars it does a great job with cans.  It leaves a smooth surface and lifts the can lid off with no problem.The only feature that has not been used is the bottle opener as most bottles have the easy to open twist caps. I do wish it had a wine-bottle opener!
Good pot...but heavy!!!. Okay, first of all...i love Le Creuset french ovens!  I just started using them a few months ago and am now wondering why i waited so long.  I too am planning to hand them down to my kids when i get old and unable to carry them around.  I got this huge oven down at the outlet mall for next to nothing(literally) because it had slight damage to it.  I don't think i would have bought it otherwise.  The oven is so heavy it is hard to clean in the sink.  It is a beautiful pot...but definitely an occaisonal use pot due to it's size
Glad to find this item on Amazon. This type of Ironing board is very hard to locate in local stores.Thanks, for carrying it, Amazon!Phil Coffma
almost as nice. I've been using these knives since the 80s,when they were about $20 and made in USA.they're alot cheaper and almost as good
Automatic Sugar Dispenser. Just what I was looking for.  I also ordered one for coffee creamer.  Great when entertaining
Great. My Boxers just love the little balls.  They like digging them out of the container even though it did not take very long after they got the hang of it.  They carry the balls and container all over the house and yard.  It has held up very well.  We have had this over a year now, and I only had to stich up maybe 2 of the balls once each.  Squeekers still work great - haven't needed to replace yet.  Very happy with this toy
First was a dud - second was a keeper. Don't be afraid to purchase Reconditioned.  The first one came and it had little plastic pieces floating around the box.  I logged on and in two minutes I had told Amazon what the problem was and asked for a new one.  In two days a new one was at my door!  I packaged up the broken one and off it went back.  Shipping paid for and everything.  The dyson works great, though I have to say I have it under glass and we all just sit there and gaze at how pretty it is and that it's finally "home"  AHHHH
Holy Crap, that's a good knife. This knife has made me eat more vegetables, just because it's so much fun to chop carrots.  I was a little concerned with the handle at first, but it's very comfortable, and isn't slick at all, even in soapy water.  I also worried that maybe I should have gotten the bigger version of this knife.  Again, my fears were unfounded, as this was the perfect size for vegetable preparation.  You can't really describe the feeling of using the best tool for the job... but if you've ever had that feeling, you already know how you'll feel using a Global.  When I slice carrots for snacks, they come out as perfect, translucent discs.  Any vegetable I've cut has been a joy
NOT A WET LEAF IN THE CROWD!. The Pedrini Salad Spinner really gets them dry, and it's quicker than trying to do it with towels, actually does a better job.  This is important if you're not going to use all the salad greens at once.  They'll last a long time in the bottom drawer of the fridge if they're stored in a ziplock bag that is sealed tight, with the air squeezed out, and the leaves are dry.  The lack of oxygen will slow their respiration; the cold will prevent wilt; and being dry will keep them from rotting.
Worth the money!. I found this product on sale at Amazon for $79 in the persimmon color.  It's beautiful!  It weighs a ton and so much more for the money than other name brand cast iron.  The first dish I made was a chuck roast in the oven - came out wonderful!  The inside did stain and that just doesn't bother me.  Also, I had a small chip near the rim after my first use, I have been using the rubber clips to store the pot.  I looked at Rachael Ray's cast iron and Le Creuset - for the price and the size this dutch oven is a winner.  I highly recommend it.  I also purchased the measuring bowls - they are Great! I use them every day!  I just need a second set now
Excellent book light... This is certainly not the cheapest or most universal book lihgt and for travelers it might be a bit bulky and sensible to scratches, but for those who like to read in bed and do not want to disturb others, this is the best solution I have found. I like the LightWedge Original LED Book Light a little better than the paperback version that I own as well, since I feel it lights the page more evenly.
a classic. You cannot go wrong with this. You will own this forever, it will become a staple in your kitchen. Nothing sticks to it, it goes from stove top to oven, you can use it for practically everything you cook
Nice set, good value. We have been using it for a few months now & have had no problems washing it in the dishwasher.  The design is very attractive, & the pieces have a solid feel -- not super heavy, but not flimsy like some inexpensive flatware.  The size of the salad forks seems tinier than usual, but overall a great value for the price
Beautiful Set!. I was actually very hesitatant to buy this set since the last Oneida set I got (Satin Garnet) began to get rust spots on it after a month of use. This set hasn't rusted yet but who knows (hence the 4 stars instead of 5).  It is a nice solid set with many more pieces than I know what to do with. And the price is great!FYI - in case anyone is wondering (because I couldn't find this info no matter how hard I tried) - this set is made in Vietnam
very nice addition to my backyard. Purchased these barstools for my backyard. They were very easy to put together, simple enough that even I could do it! They look great and provide a comfortable setting to my backyard.
review re: soap dispenser. It is a great product. The long spout makes it so much easier dispensing soap without getting the soap everywhere.
Kitty toilet flushing gets easier!. I am in the military, and don't always have the time to scoop the cat box as often as I should... this cuts down the time needed by at least half.  No more digging, no more dirty scoop to keep.  Just roll, and remove the waste.  Make sure that you have hard clumping litter though, it doesn't work too well without it
Simple design. I have several of these now and the kids use them for timing homework, timeouts, etc.  I also have one for my kitchen, of course
This is a great product. this is my second Panasonic and I love it. It is simple to use and does a great job
Sango Nove Brown. Easy to handleAdds to an attracted table settingUsefulDurabl
Purple Pleasure. Vibrant purple bathmat with very secure footing. The surface was annoyingly stiff at first, but mellowed out after about a week. And so beautiful! Maybe a trifle small
The ultimate Espresso Machine for the money. I have used this unit for over 2 years now and it's still making great Espresso and Capaccino!  Ultra low maintenance and easy to use.  This is the only way to make and enjoy coffee.  Of course a good coffee helps... I use Medaglia D'oro Caffee' Espresso from Caffe Nero (my local grocer carries it).  I've also enjoy illy and Lavazza.  You will not be sorry with this product
Bread Box--Stainless. The box is quite attractive, and the cutting board is thick and heavy, which helps weight down the box itself, which is made of rather thin metal.  This is a step above the $30 range Polder boxes that don't have the bread board.  I use a plastic cutting sheet over the bread board to keep it in good condition, and am quite happy with the overall quality, and the fit and finish.  It looks nice sitting on the counter.I got the box primarily to keep my Lab mix out of the bread products, and so far it is working for that.
Simply a great sharpener. I have a set of Henckels 5 Stars, and this sharpener brought them from dull to razor sharp in just a few minutes. Follow the instructions, and you can't go wrong.I can't imagine how others who have used this sharpener have managed to fail at using this sharpener, but whatever
Good storage unit. The unit is easy to put together. It is sturdy and holds a lot of items in it. Turned out to be just what we needed
SNug!. I did a load of research before settling into this comfy comforter.  Pretty warm and got it when San Francisco got its first cold front for the winter.  As cold as it's been for this city, I only need to pull a light wool blanket over to keep it perfectly warm. (I sleep warm and like lots of blankets on me) If you're sleeping with someone else, you won't even need the extra blanket. The reason I didn't give it a straight five stars is because I thought it'd sleep so warm that I wouldn't need the extra blanket.  It could be me, who knows?! But I dooooo loVe this thing!  It's like sleeping in a cloud.  Go invest and pick yourself one of these babies
Great Vacuum and Great Company. I gave Witbeck and the product 5 stars.   Witbeck offers exceptional customer service and it is a pleasure doing business with them.  The vacuum arrived within a short period of time and with a follow up call from them.   I'm  very pleased with the product.  This small, lightweight vacuum has tremendous power.I will definitely be ordering from Witbeck again
great full size popcorn popper. This popcorn popper is the BEST!  It was easy to set up and very easy to use.  It has been a huge hit with our kids and grandkids...I would encourage everyone who has ever considered purchasing a full size popper to get this one
Nordic Ware Microwave Tender Cooker. This is great for busy people. It cooks like a slow cooker in just a half-hour. I had one of these for 4 years and my kids broke the lid. I found I have favorite recipes that just don't taste right cooked in anything else. I highly recommend it
a tried and true classic. Fiestaware ROCKS!  The turquoise place setting is beautiful...It is much brighter than the pictures on amazon.com...Fiestaware is functional, calssic and fun- I love to mix and match the colors and the 5 piece place settings are great for this.  I highly recommend mixing and matching Fiestaware. I mix up colors that you wouldn't normally expect to go together and they usually look great
Nice Ladle But too BIG to store easily. I've looked all over town for a ladle that had a nice, ergonomically curved grip and a big dipper. I thought this was the one at first, hence the four stars you see above.  Now, after almost a year of using it, I would only give it a two.  I don't like the bulk of it or the material it's made out of. It takes up way too much room in my utensil holder and pulls other items out with it . . .  Looking back, I would buy a nice stainless ladle and just hold out till the right one comes along, sort of like a man
Pretty good for the job. Just as with the vac filter, these do the job they were designed to do and do it not badly.  More notable is the fact that I've never heard Mrs. Wife cussing when using them, so they must work out OK
Cute As a Button. Perfect size for single servings of soup and veggies.  I like it so much I got two
i love this platter, its a life saver. big sturdy and wonderfull
great for work lunches. I love this item. It is perfect for cooking small portions of rice. I use it all the time at work. I cook one cup of jasmine rice with two cups of water. Fifteen minutes later, perfect rice, enough for two lunches. I also use it to steam vegetables. When I come out of the break room with my rice and steamed vegetables, people look at me with envy. Great for saving money at work and eating healthy.
Good Product Worth Buying. I have had very good luck with this toaster.  It is easy to operate, the toast stays centered and the results are generally good.  The only flaw I have found is that in the single slice toast mode, one side gets darker than the other, but not to the point of charring.  Overall, the toaster is well made and functional
I add cayene and/or black pepper. I used a gift certificate  to stock up on this jerky spice. You can use this as a base and add other spices to it to make it your very own. Teriyaki, soy and garlic are good too. My family and friends are always asking me to make more jerky. We love it
KitchenAid Hard Anodized Nonstick 12-Inch covered Stir Fry Pan. I have a lot of use for this wonderful pan.  It works so much better for me than other similar pans that I have owned.  Stir-Fry comes out fantastic
Sharp 1100Watt Microwave. This is a great microwave oven it is stainless steel steel an really stands out in our kitchen. Has a quick minute button so if you really don't know for sure how long to cook something you can touch this button several times in a row instead of entering exact time. Product was delivered in estimated time after order and in very good condition
Fruit rolls - mmmmm!. My mother has these and I used to make lots of fruit rolls with them - lots of fun, and a good treat!  I recommend mixing applesauce with (thawed) frozen fruit juice concentrate of your choice to make whatever flavor you like.  My favorite was mixing grape fruit juice concentrate with the applesauce.  It makes a very deep purple and fruity treat.  (Ratio was one can frozen concentrate to a big jar of applesauce.  I'll edit my post and add specific sizes soon.
Good alternative. This is a good alternative but has its drawbacks.  I think a britta sink/faucet model would be more convenient but my faucet is not set up for one.  The water from this pitcher tastes very good and I use it for my coffee which allows me to not buy filters for the pot...however....  a full pitcher is just under a full pot of coffee and the refilling of the britta is very slow. (The re-fill rate seems to decrease as the filter gets older) Something to consider if you will be bringing the pitcher to the dinner table for a family...  You really cant pour it till its done filtering.  The filters are fairly expensive but less than buying bottled water.  I also find  the pitcher to be a bit heavy and the lid delicate. altho it has not broken i can see that that might be a problem...    This is a good alternative to a faucet model or bottled water but it isnt without its drawbacks
Good for the Money. For ===$18.99=== you'll be hard pressed to find a better queen-sized down pillow out there.  There are plenty of cheap down pillows at linen/bed/bath stores, but they -feel- cheap.  These pillows are an exception.  Also, the product arrived within 48 hours of my purchase, which was a nice bonus.*NOTE* The fill and spacing of the down is definitely conducive to people who don't want their heads elevated much when they sleep.  Keep that in mind when shopping for your pillows.  This pillow is definitely best for stomach sleepers, providing some support but mostly just cushioning.I bought a pair of these pillows to use at home as replacements for my knock-off tempurpedics, which had proven to be too firm for me.  As a stomach /side sleeper, I really needed something that cushions my head, but leaves me with a low profile so I don't wake up with a stiff neck.  These pillows do just that.My only complaint is that the slip cover/exterior fabric is really stiff, and can feel uncomfortable against your face.  I recommend washing the pillow slip cover and tossing the pillows themselves into the dryer to abate that problem
The Best In Its Category. I spent a lot of time online looking for a 4 to 5 cup coffeemaker to suit my needs.  There are the usual suspects: Mr. Coffee, Braun, etc, that seem to get universally bad to mediocre reviews from people, especially people who know anything about coffee.  I decided to skip all of those and look for something that would make a really good cup of coffee.My choices became limited to two coffeemakers: one made by a company called Bodum (which looks like some kind of laboratory beaker) and the Zojirushi Zutto.  The Bodum model supposedly performed well and made excellent coffee under ideal conditions, but many people who reviewed it said that it was prone to mishaps such as overboiling.  So I went with the Zojirushi.  I was not disappointed.The Zutto is extremely well-designed and functional.  The coffee filter is in the lid of the pot (not attached to the maker, like most autodrip models), and there is a removable charcoal water filter to remove chlorine, etc.  It's very easy to clean, attractive and perfect for a small space.  After running water through it a few times to remove the burned-plastic taste you would get from any new coffeemaker, I brewed up a pot of Green Mountain.  The coffee was excellent, the best I've ever had from an automatic drip maker.  After the pot was left on the burner for 10 minutes, the coffee still tasted good, with only a very slight hint of a burned taste.  I'm assuming this means that the heating element is set to the correct temperature for keeping the coffee warm.There were no problems with pouring;  you just have to place your thumb over part of the lid when you pour.  The Zojirushi Zutto is a well thought-out and sturdy product, far better than anything comparable from any American company.
Worth every penny. I got the same mixer in black licorice and I absolutely love it!  I have had it since christmas.  It is great for bread,cookies and more--double to triple batches.  Kitchen aid stands behind all of their products.  This mixer is easy to use and to clean.  This mixer is not for one batches though--it can not mix it very well.  This is a monster for large loads, so if you don't cook much you might want to use the artisan.  However, this one is better at making breads, because of it's curly dough hook.  Good luck
Absolutely Love It!. As a fireman's wife I am always looking for "fire stuff" that is not too over the top.  Love this!  It is beautiful AND useful.  Very sturdy (especially the bottle opener).  The shaker is also big, enough for two drinks instead of just one drink.  My fireman is so proud.
Liked first one so much I bought another. Lamp is handsome, versatile, easily adjustable. I use one on the piano to illuminate the music and one next to the computer to light the printer and keyboard
Fool Proof Sharpner. I purchased a very nice set of knives while on business in Germany and I have been using the rod sharpener to sharpen them.  It was after a few months of use that I began to feel that the knives were not holding an edge.  After looking around at a number of different sharpeners I found this one from Henckels and being that they are also a very fine knife manufacture I thought I would give this product a try.  I am very pleased with the performance of Henckels product and would not have any problem recommending this to a friend.  One more point, the handle and base make this a very easy sharpener to use and I have found that I can get very repeatable performance.  It is so easy even my wife has taken to sharpening our knives.  My new knifes once again cut with very little effort and are a pleasure to use.
great deal. For the low low price this lamp looks great and functions well. I am pleased
Caveat Emptor. I love the Dyson.  It is a remarkably light, efficient vacuum cleaner.  However, the reconditioning should be a warning.  My vacuum has an annoying plastic part that vibrates on certain types of rugs.  The noise is almost unbearable, and I have learned to turn off the beater on berber rugs.  Still am happy with the vacuum for the price, but realise there may be problems
Great for Vegetables. Very nice steamer - I use it a lot for vegetables like asparagus.  One thing I was worried about was whether it would fit in my pots properly, but the graduated ridges work fine with two of my pots.  The fact that this one  comes with a glass top make it worth the extra money.  The only negative is  that the handles can get hot, so be careful
Great machine. This is our first espresso maker in our home.  We've had it for several weeks now--many many cups worth--and we're still impressed.  It makes a wonderful cup of espresso, and lattes too.  It is well thought out, and well put together; seems very solid.  Instructions were good.  This was a great buy for the money, and I can't imagine the espresso makers costing hundreds more being any better than this
cats love it. my cats have loved this, so much I got a second one. Nelson sleeps on top of the cube and also goes up there to get away from his baby brother, Chance. Stevie sleeps in the lower level. For $20 it's a good kitty condo. I'd pay more for bigger squares. My cats fill the hammocks and then some. A couple inches bigger and it'd be perfect
Great humidifier. The pads seem to completely dissolve within 3-4 weeks, but the humidifier does a great job, so its worth it.  Very easy to clean and set up
When they finally come, they are nice. Too bad no photo -- cute as the dickens!Make SURE it says they are in stock when you buy them.I got two sets of two. I thought by the sound they were broken. But they were okay, just clanking together.Worth the wait, no instant gratification
Mr. Coffee. This is a great product, be wary of other products claiming to keep your coffee or tea warm. Best one I've used yet, a great buy!
Very Comfortable. We wanted a spare set of sheets for our bed, but these quickly became set number one.  No major problems with wrinkling if they are washed right and taken out of the dryer.  I wish I had a set for the guest room
My cat's favorite toy!. Before I moved, this was my cat's "go to" toy when she was board and wanted to shake things up. Unfortunately, it somehow didn't make the move.Finally, after 3 years, she got the new lighted version which she has embraced right away!For some reason she never liked those enclosed versions..I think she like pouncing on the ball. and she'll just lie on the center and bat the ball around, and occassionally appear to try to wrestle!!! It's really one of the few toys she will play with on her own.That's not to say she doesn't like  a playmate!My favorite, is when she runs across the room, gives the ball a swat, the runs back to her hiding place. My turn. I give the ball a swat. And seconds after it comes to a rest, out the cat comes from nowhere, like a flash, to take her turn...and so it goes for about 20 minutes!
greatdeal. It has worked out very well and I like that it doesn't take up much space
Works great-powerful. I now have two of these powerful vacuums.  They are a great value for the money.  Only draw back, and it is managable, is that filter does it's job very well but needs cleaning out often.  I would buy a third one if I needed it
Nice. I really like these plates.  I bought the crocks as well and have no issues with them.  THe go together really nicely if you are serving soup and salad for dinner guests.  I love the colors and I am happy with my purchase.  The price was attractive as well
6 inch Loofa Dog. My dog loved this product.   I wish I would have bought the bigger version.
mattress tool also works on bedding. I have to admit that I didn't originally think I needed a mattress tool.  Then I realized that it's not just for the mattress itself--it's terrific for getting dog hair and grit (and just about anything our 5 dogs track into our bed with them) off the duvet and sheets.  I use it almost daily now on the bedding.  I'd use it on the dog beds, but those tend to stay cleaner than ours..
my wife loves this. looks great and works great too my wife uses this and said its the best one she has ever had . it fits her hand just right and the tapered edge is grea
Fantastic  Cookware. I have tried numerous non-stick fry pans and this is by far the best yet. It is good and heavy to prevent warpage at high heat, and is a wiz to clean. Would highly recommend this to anyone.PS great for cooking rice also...............5 star
Awesome Skillet!. Our family has purchased 7 of these cookers.  It DOES NOT STICK and maintains temperature perfectly.  It sits on top of my cooktop which I rarely use anymore.  A must-have for every kitchen
Makes sharpening foolproof. I think this knife sharpener is great.  I went with this model with the three-stage sharpening process to help out those knives in really rough shape.  It was very easy to figure out, and while Chef's Choice recommended not using the stage three sharpener, I had to for some of my knives.  I am used to taking my good Henkels over to the local butcher to have him sharpen them (for a fee of course..).  He did a great job, but this gets the knives just as sharp and will pay for themselves.  It even worked on my little pocket knife - it just works
Great coffee maker. We purchased this coffee maker to replace a Mr. Coffee that failed after just 4 short months.  This coffee maker is great.  It brews the coffee in under 3 minutes and the coffee actually tastes good.  This is a great coffee maker for anyone who loves coffee
Richell 94124 Wood Pet Pen 09-60 Combo. The pet pen was a welcome surprise prior to Christmas because I was expecting it after Christmas.  I use it for my Pom who has only three paws and had to have a pin put in her left knee area.  With the removable top, made picking her up and attending to her very easy.My Pom thoroughly loves her new home and so does her toy Pom sister.  I am also thoroughly satisfied with the Ricell Pet Pen.I would recommend the Richell Pet Pen to anyone
I love it!. I bought this last night and immediately tried it when I got home on my filthy kitchen floor.  I am so pleased, I can't wait to use it again.  It was quick, easy, a back saver and the floor dried almost instantly.  The best thing is that you're not pushing dirty water around on the floor.  I would highly recommend this product
It really works!. I was skeptical but willing to give it a try.  It really works!  Champagne stayed good for for many days, during which I opened and resealed it several times
love it!. This is one versatile pan, I was pleasantly surprised with its size. I can easily feed 4-5 people , everything I made came out delicious,clean-up is effortless.The pan is gorgeous,this is my first le crueset and won't be my last.It is pricey but it will last a long time
Great seasong kit. I'm a big fan of beef jerky and was gifted with a "works" machine. I was amazed at the ease of mixing the seasoning and meat and the great flavor of the end product
Great Flowers. Hey guys get these flowers and score some points.........!!! they looked good and smelled great. my wife was impressed .....oh by the way send them to her work......
Bake-n-Go. I've tried them all and this is by far the best muffin/cupcake pan ever.  The pan is smaller than regular cupcake pans (13").  The compact size along with the snap on cover makes it very easy to bake and take anywhere.  I wish I had tried this pan first!  The others I've tried are going in the trash
Great for a bedroom and late night snacks. I have this microwave in my bedroom  I got it at Rite Aid for 50 bucks and I brought it on a whim.  Well I love it. It is perfect for warming up food you if you are not ready to eat dinner and want to eat it later or if you are in your bedroom eating a late snack without trudging down to the kitchen.  The add minute function lets me add the minutes while it is working.  I read that on someones microwave it didn't.  The popcorn function is useless and it takes almost 4 minutes to pop a full bag of popcorn.  The one in my kitchen with all the bells and whistles pops it  within 90 seconds.  BUt I never expected it to work like my kitchen microwave.  This works just fine, I did break the turntable plate and I am looking for another one because it is a must with a microwave  with such little wattage. I Am having a hard time replacing it and it might cost  almost as much as the microwave.  It is over 2 years old and that is the only problems I have had.
Good bang for the buck. This non-stick skillet was top rated by Cooks Illustrated Magazine and I concur with their opinion.A great pan for the money, even if you have to replace it every year or two.Roge
If it weren't for the handle... I bought this at Lowes Home Improvement for 9.97 - it's their regular price. The handle pieces do come out but don't despair! I had some carpet tape (double-sided) lying around and wrapped only a small piece around each end before I put it back together. It works like a charm. For how long, I don't know, but for the price I paid and how well it works otherwise, it will be worth investing in another role of tape in about a hundred years or so.I can't drag the vacuum out all the time, don't want to and besides the dogs go nuts. This works as well as the carpet sweeper I remember pushing around as a little girl so I gave it an extra star for nostalgia. Gets all crumbs (don't expect it to get ground in dog hair) and gets all lint & small things you'd normally drag out the Hoover for. And No electricty needed!! If you miss the sound however, you can always hum
Decent Toaster/Oven. You really can go wrong with this item - it's very affordable and designed decently for it's price range. The only issues I have with it are:1. Once the rotary timer is set, you can't stop it - however, you could simply set heat = 0 and wait for the timer to end.2. The food tray is apparently "wrapped" around another thin metal layer, which is a potential bacteria trap, since it's nearly impossible to clean without damaging the tray...so don't go naked...just use aluminum foil around the tray.Would recommend for studio apartments / college students and would buy again.Owned for 3 weeks at the time of this writing
Excellent Cleaning Quality. We had to purchase a vacuum for our plushy soft carpet that our Oreck XL couldn't handle.  (Oreck's great for stairs, bare floors.)  This summer is bad in terms of fleas and I needed something ASAP!  I vacuumed the upstairs yesterday with the Oreck to put down flea powder in the bedrooms.  I wanted a bagged vacuum because our experience with bagless is it just puts all the dust and dirt back in the air when you empty it.After getting it home (bought at Costco) and very easy assembly, I started it right up and tested it out.  The self-propelled feature is a must for those thick carpets.  Otherwise, you would be burning some serious calories.  It was easy to use and very manueverable around furniture, tables, and corners.  I carried it upstairs with one arm.  (It's heavy but has a handy opening/handle in the back.)  I revacuumed the entire upstairs.Here's the best part:  I took the bag out to see how much it collected.  The bag was almost full from dust, carpet fiber, dirt, and most importantly, FLEAS!  I was amazed at how much more this picked up compared to the Oreck.  The dirt detection feature is nice but I didn't have time to vacuum my carpet all day to get the green light to stay on.  It took 10 or more passes over a certain area before the green light would come on.It does a wonderful job.  The tools are easy to get to and easy to use.  Just pull the hose out from the floor beater bar.  It comes with extension poles and an extension hose.  The hand-held motor brush is good for furniture.  The vacuum bags are made out of the same material that you would put on an air filtration system.  There is no seperate filter to change.  (Very nice.)  I will still use my Oreck for the stairs since it is much lighter and compact.Very easy to use and very powerful and efficient.  We bought from Costco in case we didn't like it and wanted to take it back.  Costco has the best return policy
Well Designed. The Pedrini Nutcracker is well designed and functional.  I have not cracked nuts with it yet, but it has done a great job on Crab and Lobster
Loffa Dog. This turned out to be my dog's favorite Christmas present.  She plays with it every day and she looks so cute holding it in her mouth.  I'll be buying more of these as gifts for my friends dogs :)
Great Knife!. I am so happy I purchased 3 of these.... I have small hands and finally a knife that fits comfortably and does the job the company claims it does! Its a strong, versitle knife and I'm so pleased with it (all 3 of them) that I will be buying more from the Wustof Classic Collection
It was worth every penny I spent. I love this product.  I clean my hard wood floor every once a week and vinyl sheet.  It did an awesome job.  Some review said that the wet vacuum doesn't work very well.  Mine did, I just go slowly and the result is very dry.  So I am happy with this product
Great, but no chairs. Bought this for my daughter, in her small apartment.  She says it fits just right, though it was tough opening the carton the table was shipped in.  When I ordered it, the picture showed chairs, but this is only the table
Good coffee if you need to make Latte's or Espresso. Good espresso ground coffee. It will please you if you like dark blends and this is very dark blend coffee, which is a little more stronger than the espresso beans you get in your neighbourhood Starbucks. But, the flavor is fantastic and I enjoy it..Something that you should try atleast once if you love Espresso and Lattes...
Great vegetable slicer - best suited to small items. This knife, like all of Kyocera's ceramic knives, is good looking and has a terrific sharp edge.  Like the rest of their plastic handled series, the grip is contoured to be thinner at the front and back and wider in the middle.  The grip feels comfortable in the hand, and provides for good positive control over the blade.In general size, this is very similar to the Kyocera 5" utility knife in this series (which is an excellent general kitchen knife).  However, the blade is not as tall as the unserrated knife, and this one has a micro-serrated edge.  The size and shape make this blade better suited for slicing than chopping, but for slicing vegetables, it is very effective.The serrations on the blade are barely visible, but they have a definite effect when cutting.  Despite being tiny, the serrations let the blade 'grip' what you cut more effectively.  This makes slicing at angles much easier, especially on food with a smooth skin, such as tomatoes.  The knife is also decent for bread, certainly better than an unserrated knife, but not as quite as good as a knife with a deeply serrated edge.Although the serrated edge probably means that the blade will be difficult to sharpen, the ceramic isn't expected to need sharpening for a long time.  Between the ceramic composition of the blade and the plastic handle, this knife requires very little care other than basic washing.This knife is available with either a white or black blade (I actually have the black-bladed version), both with a black handle.While this may not be as good a universal utility knife as the unserrated version, or as good for chopping as a larger blade, this knife makes a great vegetable slicer and a terrific addition to the a set of kitchen knives.
Mikasa place setting. I ordered 4 place setting and they all arrived quickly and in good shape.The china is light weight and easy to work with.
Great Blender. I reviewed a quite a few blenders before choosing this one.  I was looking something with power and quality.One set back was I didn't get a recipe manual with mine.  But, I don't consider this a real set back since you can get recipes for this type of blender in books geared more to your lifestyle.Overall, I am very happy with my purchase and recommend this blender to those looking for well built, highly efficient machine.As far as noise is concerned it isn't so loud you can't hear the next person speak.  It is a bearable sound and not as super loud like some people claim.  But really, even if it was, how long are going to be pressing the button down to make your shake.  This baby will pulverize ice in seconds; imagine what it will do to a shake.  Think micro seconds.  This motor has power. It's not a wimpy motor that you can hardly hear.If you are looking for a quiet motor then you will be trading power to do things fast.  Like a car, you want horse power then be prepared to trade in gas mileage.ProsPlenty of power to cut through chunks of ice and make shop quality blends.ConsHeavy to move around the kitchen.  But then this is a professional heavy duty piece of equipment. The reason I bought it and for it to last me years of service.
Soup bowl with a handle. If you like to carry your food around and do other things while eating this is a great cup for you. It is a really wonderful soup bowl. The only thing that would make it better is if the Fiesta made a matching sandwich platter with a little place for the cup to sit.These cups have a comfortable handle, unlike some of their other cups. And it is a great shape to sit in your hands. I don't use these for coffee, it gets too cold before I can drink it all. Fans of Gillmore Girls will recognize these as the coffee cups from Luke's Dinner. And if they can keep a Gilmore Girl happy they should hold enough coffee for you
Useful and elegant. What else can I say? This cookbook holder does the trick and keeps the food from getting on the pages while freeing up some counter space
Corning Ware. The product arrived in good condition and arrived on time. The product was adequately packed for shipment
the cats love it. First, if you are handy with wood this is a very simple product.  Just a wooden box with holes drilled in and toys stuffed inside for the cats to remove.  So, if you have a handy husband consider that route.If however, your husband is not handy, or doesn't have the time to spare ..... this is a nice product.  The finish is very smooth, no rough edges.  And the cats really do seem to enjoy taking the toys out of the holes.  Plus I get exercise going through the house to find the toys and stuff them back into the holes.In conclusion, the cats enjoy it, and the humans get more exercise.  It is a win win situation.  I recommend this product to all "over the top" cat parents.  I removed one star because I feel as though the price is a little high for what the product cost to manufacture
Oven Thermometer. Good quality and easy to read. i like the way it clips onto the oven rack too
Love it!. My husband made fun of me but I like to be very organized and this does it.  Easy to install and works just like I wanted
I love this processor. I was so thrilled when I unpacked my processor.  It is  so high quality and professional in both looks and performance.  It has so many features that I love, especially the triple bowl which allows you to process more than one substance at a time.  The egg beater attachment is excellent also.  I am one happy customer and recommend this processor to all
deep fryer. i didnt like it as it did not sit level  and it was broke
Nice little opener. Got a nice handle and opens bottles with ease
Felt good. We got this over a year ago and loved it from the moment we put it on the bed. We got a new bed and had to get rid of it. The only thing I don't like is that it changes dark orange with sweat. My husbands side was gross looking to me
G O O D.......F O R.......T H E.......P R I C E..... .......................NOTE ON AVAILABLITY OF THIS ITEM............FOR SOME REASON, THE AVAILABILTY OF THIS ITEM SEEMS TO BE IN DOUBT.  I BELIEVE I REVIEWED IT AS "THE MAGIC BULLET" SOME WEEKS AGO.  BUT TODAY, (APRIL 16, 2007), I HAPPENED TO LOOK AT THE ITEM "MAGIC BULLET', (WITHOUT THE 'THE"), AND IT APPEARS TO BE AVAILABLE!  MY SUGGESTION:  LOOK UNDER BOTH TITLES....AND SEE IF IT IS ABVAILABL UNDER EITHER ONE.  (I NOTED THERE WERE SOME 100-plus REVIEWS UNDER "MAGIC BULLET".....BUT IF YOU LIKE MY REVIEW, HERE, (as "THE Magic Bullet"), please don't forget VOTE POSITIVELY FOR MY REVIEW....AND PERHAPS TELL YOUR FRIEND TO READ IT, AND SEE IF THEY LIKE IT AS WELL!   THANKS!  : )   (AND THANKS DOUBLY TO THOSE WHO HAVE GIVEN MY REVIEW A POSITIVE FEEDBACK!! : )   : ).......................I HAD SEEN THE 'MAGIC BULLET' COMMERCIAL ON T.V. FOR MANY YEARS, BEFORE I DECIDED TO FINALLY BUY ONE.  WHAT MADE ME FINALLY EXPEND THE $120, (INCLUDING shipping and handling), for the 2-for-1 deal was the fact that no less a publication than THE READERS' DIGEST, in it's new, annual consumer review of products touted by infomercials, said this was a GREAT item!  This RD review, combined with the many, many re-runs of the commercial, (quite pleasant to watch, really, compared to many other infomercials....except, of course, if your name happens to be "Hazel"!) --finally wore down any sales reistance I may have had. The kitchen where the product is demonstrated is light, airy, very cheerful, and BIG!  The actors portraying the party-guests, (or is that rooming-house residents????) are all quite good, and the Magic Bullet itself seemed more than adequate to any task....as presented on TV, anyway.  Besides....I really NEEDED a new blender.What I got was the 21 piece set....(including the blender and juicer attachments.)  Actually, TWO 21 piece sets....one of which ended up at my neice's home.  Excitedly, I opened my package, and began to read the instructions, and to use it....WHAT I FOUND OUT:  If you NEVER want to have to buy bread crumbs, ever again, this is certainly your machine!  It will turn any bread, cereal, cracker, or similar hard-baked item, into powder in just a few seconds!  Or, if you want to have less-fine crumbs, do it for a second or so.  This machine gives the option of using a "pulse" system, wherein you have to apply pressure to the overturned container, every second or so, or a "hands-free" system, wherein you turn to container to the right or left, lock it, and let the machine run....for no more than 60 seconds, (so you are consistently warned in the accompanying booklet)....or the motor will overheat.  A small inconvenience, I feel -- just use the second sweep-hand of any watch or clock, or use a timer, to make sure the machine doesn't overheat.This machine comes with BOTH a "whipping blade" and a "grinding blade".  (You can also purchase additional ones, which come bundled together with additional large containers.)   This is quite a bargain....as the far more expensive "VITA-MIX" comes only with a "wet" or whipping blade.  If you want an additional "dry", (or grinding) blade -- attached to an additional container...you are required an additional fee for buying this "deluxe" model. The "VITA MIX", (another manufacturer's blender), also has only one -- or two containers.  It costs $360, (for a used, regular model).....and is, so the reviewers say, very noisy.  (I haven't bought this more deluxe machine, but am curious about it.)  Of course, the "VITA MIX" has a "way-more-powerful" motor, and purportedly can do a great deal more.   But -- for one or two people, who cannot (yet!) afford the "VITA MIX" or other similar blenders -- the "MAGIC BULLET" is a very good starter-blender.The 'MAGIC BULLET' is also very good at making drinks of all kinds.  I especially like the large, 20 ounce container, (which holds a lot of liquid!), and even the slightly smaller 16 ounce "party-mugs".  Both of these are great for those who like a LARGE cup of tea or coffee, the way I do.  This machine comes with one 20 ounce container, (no handle), 4 16-ounce "party-mugs", (which DO have handles), and one small "bullet cup", (10 ounces), for when extra-powerful blending is needed.  And you have the option to purchase additional large, small, and party-mug containers.  All of which is great -- especially for those who hate dish-washing, and don't have a dishwasher, (like me!)On the minus side, this machine is NOT POWERFUL ENOUGH.  In fact, in the instruction booklet, it mentions that, if your mixture of food, (like tuna salad), is stuck, you should TAKE THE ENTIRE ASSEMBLY OFF THE BASE, TURN IT OVER, AND SHAKE IT!   For myself, I have tried a differentapproach...use a little extra water, or lemon juice, or milk, (depending what you're trying to blend), to make the consistency lose enough for the blender to blend it!AN IMPORTANT CAVEAT:   My sister bought one of these years ago, and broke it.  How?  By stopping the machine by taking the plug out of the wall, but leaving a container in the "locked" position on top of the machine.  Then, when she wanted to use it again later, she plugged the machine back into the wall -- without unscrewing the container out of the "locked"position.   The resulting electric surge proved too big for the little machine, and the motor stopped working.  So, remember to "unlock" as well as "unplug", whenever you take the plug for this machine out of the wall!For the money, this seems an adequate little machine.  Just don't expect it to do "tough" jobs like whipping potatoes, etc. (Even in the TV ad, it mentions to use ONLY cream, if you want whipped cream.  Because the machine really isn't as powerful as it could (should?) be.  However....(another trick of my own), you can always use POWDERED MILK to make whipped cream....adding a little more at a time, till you reach the desired consistency.  Also add sugar or sugar substitute.  Only -- don't over-load the machine here, either.)I have suggested to the manufacturer that they make a "deluxe" model....with a more powerful motor, and perhaps incorporating a GLASS container or two, (glass always being so much more clean than plastic),  So far, it seems they haven't done so....but if enough people ask!  (Hint, hint!  : )The 2-for-1 offer SEEMS quite a bargain....but if you give one as a gift, it might be hard to ask for it back, if you are unsatisfied with Your machine, and want a refund.  Just make sure the "giftee" is aware of your possible return of your own, (and hers/his), and is amenable to this return, if and when you, yourself are unsatisfied with it.Recently, I had a "mini" crisis with this machine.  Just like my sister, I left a container in the "locked" position, then re-plugged it into the wall.  However, I was immediately aware of what happened, so I stopped the machine ALMOST instantaneously.  This led to a slightly-less strongly acting motor....and after a time, I pluncked down another $60, to get the "regular" set, from a catalogue.  This "regular" set did NOT include the blender/juicer attachment....but that was OK for me, because I already had it from the set(s) I bought via the 2-for-1 offer on TV.  As far as I know, ONLY the TV-offered set includes these additional blender/juicer piece.ANOTHER CAVEAT.  This machine requires constant screwing and unscrewing of the lids.  They have to be quite tight, or the liquid/mixture inside might leak.  Therefore, if you have moderate to severe arthritis, or other ailment which makes screwing or unscrewing of lids difficult, be sure to have adquate gripping aides available.  For those with no ailment, or only slight muscle difficulties, the lids should be easy-to-moderately-easy to open and close.As this is written, I haven't yet used the blender or the juicer attachements myself.  Although my sister has said she could never get the hang of using the juicer.  I, personally, have just moved to a new apartment, so -- when I finish unpacking, (in a few years....just kidding?????), I'll update this reviewto include using the blender and the juicer.The Magic Bullet is NOT the "Rolls Royce" of blenders -- nor does it pretend to be.  But for the price -- and if you are aware of the machine's short-comings -- it is a very nice "Chevrolet"-type machine, whcih will do most kitchen blending tasks quite well
Functional, but NOT metallic!. I was very disappointed that this trash can wasn't metal. I think the title was misleading. Ultimately, I think this price is high for a plastic can. However, it's been great so far. I got it so my dog would stop scattering trash around my kitchen, and since we've been using this can, the kitchen floor has stayed clean
Makes the best popcorn!. I don't know if I have great luck or if others have had bad luck, but this popcorn popper has held up great through very heavy use.  If you follow the cooking instructions included with the popper you will get a great batch every time- even your first try!  It comes apart for easy cleaning, and you can even stick the pot in the dishwasher for even easier cleaning!  The popcorn is delicious, and I happily reccommend this product to anyone
ENTHUSIASTIC CUSTOMER. Perfect.Delivery on time.Stuff as shown in amazon.co
Pretty good. These shears are not good at cutting things like paper and plastic but worked beautifully on chicken
Amazon Rocks. I pressure can everything so I knew I wanted a Wisconsin Pressure Canner. I wanted one that would last forever. This one in particular is great because you can stack wide mouth pints and double your load. I already have 1 Wisconsin Canner but wanted another one for time purposes. I have been looking for a great deal for along time since I wasn't in a hurry. I started looking on Amazon and found this great deal. I have seen it this cheap before but not with free shipping.  You can't beat this deal. I would recommend this deal and canner to everyone.
Best.  Mug.  Ever. I went through dozens of mugs until I finally decided that I needed steel.  The added bonus is that it retains the heat of the coffee longer, especially when used with the top.  Re-heated coffee tastes awful, but you can't always drink it all before it loses temp.  This mug just works.  The generous size is nice, and it fits under almost all single-serving pod brewers as well.  All around a great coffee mug
Perfect, I am so pleased. Arrived very quick, very good wraping ,I found no demage, I put it all together in less than 30 minutes, very nice color ,looks so much better in real than in the picture, solid, very decorative. This is exactly what i wanted, and could not find anything like that in stores or over the internet. and ofcourse great price...
Firm and Plump!. This pillow is very plump and firm. You will need to find a larger pillowcase for it because stuffing it into a standard case makes it feel too firm. That being said, I love this pillow and will purchase more
EVERYTHING I WAS TOLD IT WOULD BE. THE SOLEUS AIR FAN PROVIDED ME WITH EVERYTHING I WAS LOOKING FOR IN A FLOOR FAN.  THE MOST IMPORTANT FEATURE I WANTED WAS THE QUIET MOTOR AND THIS IS WHAT I FOUND IN THIS PRODUCT. THE REMOTE WAS AN "EXTRA" FEATURE THAT I WAS PLEASANTLY SURPRISED TO HAVE AND I WOULD DEFINITELY RECOMMEND THIS FAN AND WOULD BUY ANOTHER WITHOUT BLINKING AN EYE IF I NEED IT
Very useful shape, same classic design. Bowls are nice, but some foods fit better on these bread trays.  Even things that aren't bread.  My trays get loaded up with asparagus, grilled skewers of shrimp or veggies, and other long items.  Also nice for a couple of potted herb plants
dOGS LOVE IT. MY DOGS ARE VERY HAPPY WITH THE FOUNTAIN.  THEY TAKE TURNS DRINKING FROM THE BOWEL AND THE STREAM.  THEY DEFINITELY DRINK MORE WATER AND DRINK LONGER.  I PUT ICE IN THE EXTRA RESEVOIR SO THE WATER STAYS COOLER.  hIGHLY RECOMMEND THI
No Such Thing as Too Big!. Not only good for hot beverages, including that caffeine-overdose-sized morning coffee,  these mugs also make great soup, chili, ice cream and cereal bowls!  Add some color and fun to your kitchen with this great Fiestaware jumbo mug set
Thomas. This comforter is soft and bright designs make it well worth the money.  I had searched several local stores and online but the only reasonable place of course was Amazon.  It was shipped in plenty of time for Christmas and my two year old son's reaction was |WOW it really is Thomas
They're Reidel. Finally Reidel glasses you can put in the dishwasher! We've had these for several months and none have broken yet in the dishwasher
Tooo "cool"....:). Love it!  Awesome air flow and style...perfect speed controls.  It's retro, beautiful...And because it's red, it goes faster.  :
great machine. I was going to buy The Lello 45900 Ariete Espresso/Cappuccino Maker, because the price was so good , but I waited over three months because it was not in stock so I looked for a replacement and this machine was more than twice the price, but after using it, it's more than twice the machine I think , on the Amazon description it says the pump is a 16-bar pump , But after checking reviews on different web sites I think Amazon made a mistake because on all the other web sites ,it says the a pump  to be 17.5 bar pump, that's even better , And the other thing that I like, was the fact that it had a CD , that was not said on the description either , I never use a espresso machine before so seeing a short little videos was very helpful , shows and explains the basics, from making espresso two frothing the milk ,cleaning tips and more very helpful .So I made myself my first shot of espresso , it was great nice little cream on top,  it just looked beautiful , I didn't think it would work to good because I bought some pods, and I wasn't sure how it would work , works  great , taste great and  easy to clean , second day I made myself a latte again excellent.Third day I got adventurous I made myself my first cappuccino, and again great put Starbucks to shame.The espresso I was using was the ILLY Sucro Espresso Pods 906,Naturally the espresso you use is actually more important than the machine I guess this one taste great ,about different type of syrups caramel vanilla hazelnuts Irish cream , the syrups brand was daVinci ,So yes I am very satisfied with this machine , and I guess I got lucky because this one was out of stock for a long time
great vacuum. I purchased this vacuum a month or so ago for my new apartment. Although I have only used it twice I am very pleased with it, although it is a bit noisey and doesn't work very good any any surface except the carpet.The fold away feature is very handy.But for the price, I would reccomend this vacuum to anyone who doesn't want to spend a fortune on a vacuum.
Best Vaccum I've Ever Owned!. My daughter purchased a Dyson DC17 Animal and was so impressed that I decided to purchase one as well. With four dogs, dog hair is a condiment at our house. After the first use, I was astounded! Granted the canister had to be emptied many times but that was to be expected. It so easy just to hold it over the trash can and press the button. It is well worth the price and a dream to use
Great. I like this as a clothes hamper and sorting the laundry as we go along instead of me doing it all at laundry time.  The mesh bags help the things breathe and not smell up.  Each of the 3 bags holds a lot of clothes too...at least 2 loads in a extra large capacity machine.  This fits in our closet under the lower wire hanger shelf and better than having 2-3 hampers or clothes baskets.
gorgeous colors!! only small imperfections. I registered for Fiesta online for my wedding and just got my first place settings in (my mom bought me some to start me out). I LOVE the colors! Gorgeous. Be aware that there are some small blips and inclusions in the glaze, and they could have done a better job with the glaze around the mug handles. But if I wanted perfection, I would have registered for china, not stoneware. Fiestaware is all about the colors, anyway. I can't wait to use this.The PEACOCK is bright, but not too bright (I was a little afraid) and looks great with SHAMROCK. The SUNFLOWER is a nice, deep yellow. COBALT is also gorgeous...in some of the pics on here, it looks almost "cornflower," but its really *very* deep navy -- almost black. WHITE is, well, white. See the pics I added to the 'customer pics' section for some color comparison.So, 4 stars and not 5 because of the small glaze problems. Not enough of a problem to worry about, but still, not perfect. Also, despite the Super Saver shipping, these arrived very quickly and are very well packaged
Nice Mug - Not So Nice Price. This mug is nice and cute and durable - the color is even and matches well with the other cinnabar items I have.  I just found it extremely pricey for what you get.
Good Buy!. Mission Natural Coffee Table is a great buy. It looks like we spent a lot more money on it then we did. We just bought our first home and it has been expensive!! But a lot of fun. We have been looking for a light wood coffee table and this is one of the best out there
Cat Likes it!. I tried another type of flowing water dish for my cat and she wouldn't touch it.  She actually uses this one so I guess she likes it
Le Creuset 3-1/2 quart buffet casserole review. This is a wonderful casserole! It makes me happy just to look at this beautiful pot, let alone cook with it! I highly recommend Le Creuset to anyone who love's to cook. It's a pot you'll have for a lifetime
Cheap, Clean, Safe Drinking Water. I got this water filter a few days ago and it is GREAT! The water tastes cleaner and better than the tap. This product will let you chug away because one filter lasts 100 gallons of water. I live in Omaha, Nebraska and the water here is bad but, the PUR changed everything. My mother has had one for a year now and has not had ANY PROBLEMS with her PUR. The bypass feature is also a good idea. The pitcher styles are not as easy to use as the sink mount ones. Would recomend to anyone who wants to drink that 8 glasses a day without breaking the bank
Antique Styling, Modern Durability. This trivet is wonderful - virtually indestructible.  And it's absolutely beautiful, too!  My friend from Brittany said her grandmother had the same exact trivet when she was a child.  I am sure this one will last me a very long time
A good little spot heater. This is a good little spot heater that will also heat up a small room if you leave it on for 20 mins or so. I have some chilly rooms which my central heating will not adequately heat so I purchased this little unit.It's quiet and generates just enough heat to warm up some cold areas such as my desk/computer area. If you have a bigger room to heat or want to use a heater as the primary source to heat up a room, this unit is probably not for you.This unit also stays cool to the touch as it is double insulated plastic. It will shut off if it overheats.Overall, for what it is, it's not a bad unit
Well Played, Krups. I was a bit concerned after reading all the reviews about the plasticy taste.  The coffee I made from day one was phenomenal.  There was nothing like a plastic taste at all.  Yum!I love how long the coffee stays hot in the carafe.  It's always hot without being superheated.  The carafe has a pretty big lip around the top to help keep everything warm, so it can be a bit difficult to get the last cup or two out.  But I am an able bodied person and can work that extra bit to get every last drop out.The bubble in the water gage?  The reviews make it sound like it can't be fixed.  When the coffee maker is empty (no water or no carafe) just tip the unit back a bit until the bubble goes away.  Easy as pie.  To prevent the bubble from ever forming, it's a good idea to pour the water smoothly.  It sounds silly but it works.I highly recommend this coffee maker.  It is just as good as my french press with less grounds in the coffee and less mess to clean up.  Enjoy
Our Best Pan. I bought this casserole last year after debating over all of the Le Creuset pots and casseroles on which one would be the most versatile  - and believe me, this casserole is the one! It handles any kind of stovetop cooking with ease (it's a FABULOUS risotto pan) and it goes into the oven with no problems, lid or no lid. It also serves as a beautiful pan to bring to the table but be sure to put something under it to protect your table surface because this pan is cast iron and retains heat very well. It is incredibly heavy but it's performance easily makes up for that. Be sure to follow the manufacturer insrtuctions (hand wash and dry immediately, no metal utensils, and no harsh scrubbing) and your pan will certainly become your new favorite piece of cookware you own.
Top Design  & Quality. At last, a designer's stainless steel coffee mug that is not a travel mug
Great Addition to my Collection. This platter is much nicer than I was expecting, larger too. The glaze technique really looks beautiful on this piece and it will make a nice addition to my table setting. It is well made without being overly heavyIt came well packaged and arrived only 3 days after I placed my order with the free shipping.Thanks Amazon for having the companion pieces I can't seem to find in any department store
My permanent spatula... I'll admit, I had to learn how to use this &quot;turner&quot; because of its shape, but now I realize that it's far better than any spatula I've ever had. I can actually flip a burger now!! (something I could never do before) I've got to check out more Emerilware. You will not be disappointed -- this spatula is definitely worth it
Lightweight with a Nice Feel. Of course I wanted to get my family expensive stemless wine glasses that sound like a bell when toasting but with a small Christmas budget I decided these would have to do. I am thrilled with these lightweight lovelies and the price is right! I wouldn't use stemless for the white wines as I feel they should be very cold and the hands will heat up these too much for white however, love these for the rich yummy reds!!
Awesome Product!. So many people don't know what they're missing!  This is a FABULOUS product!  I had a Sunbeam egg cooker for over 20 years, which finally died.  I searched high and low for the exact same cooker and this product was the closest, well actually the same product but with improvement.  I really like the automatic shut off feature.  This was very important to me, as I'm not one to stand around to watch eggs cook!  I like the see-through lid.  If you want to watch, you can tell if the poached eggs are almost done or not. And let me tell you about the poached eggs this cooker makes - YUM!  Cooks them perfectly! IF I wanted the poached egg yolks real runny, I could add less water and IF I wanted the poached eggs cooked with totally solid yolk, I could add more water slightly over the fill level. The water fill levels are easy - no measuring cups needed.  The only feature I miss is being able to unplug the cord from the unit to store inside, but, oh well!Again, I love this unit!  I even travel with it.  I highly recommend it.
Freestanding Pet Gate, Small. Just as described and arrived quickly.  Great for our dog
Best laser pointer that uses regular batteries!. I was looking for a laser pointer to use as a cat toy, but wanted to avoid those that took "watch" batteries since they were so expensive to replace and wore out too quickly and stumbled upon this one.  Amazingly, it takes AAA batteries, is not too big and bulky to handle, maintains a very bright red dot, and didn't cost a fortune to buy.  My cats love it and my wallet loves it, too.  Highly recommend.
Terrifically Tempting Tagine!. As Dr. Michael Lim The Travelling Gourmet I have put on cooking demonstrations for Le Creuset in Singapore, and this is one of my favourite cooking utensils because it is two in one. Why? Simply because the Tagine dish you cook in, is also your serving dish. I love to cook my original recipes like Tagine of Chicken and Apricots or Beef and Prune Tagine. The cavity at the top is for you to put ice cubes or water so it cools the Tagine funnel allowing the steam to condense and roll back down the sides. Tagines have been use in Morocco for years and is a perfect way to cook with very little water and at the same time seal in all the delicious flavours. The exotic Tagine is also a conversation piece when you bring it out to serve at the dining table. And...when you open the cover and your guests get a whiff of all the incredibly appetising smells that have been hitherto imprisoned, they will swoon with delight. Add some salad or couscous and with your Tagine you'll enjoy a splendid meal. Made of solid cast iron you can use it for all manner of stoveware from magnetic induction to electric. I also use it in the oven to bake my Tagine or even to make that classic French dessert Clafoutis. Enjoy! By Dr. Michael Lim The Travelling Gourmet who is a renowned Travel, Food & Wine Writer and Consultant
CD storage. I have now purchased 6 of these items and I love them.  Probably need a couple of more
Fun to use and good at slicing, but you can't see what you're peeling!. I got several of these to give as gifts, and they were mostly well liked, but I can tell you a few caveats, too.This thing is very fun to use. It's quite satisfying to peel off a long, clean strip of peel with each stroke.  However, you can't see what you're doing, and for certain applications, that matters.  Still, this is a nice peeler for quickly making thin slices of cheese, onion, carrot, zucchini or even mango if I'm getting fancy.  It would be great for slicing a potato to make your own chips!One other thing that's less than ideal is that a lot of times the peel ends up stuck between the blades, so between strokes I have to turn the veggie and remove the slice of peel. That's a little annoying, but it's still faster and more fun to use than the conventional peeler
Good product. These pillows are nice, everything that the description and reviews said they would be.  Not too firm, not too soft, just right
multi purpose pan is great. This came to me just in time to solve several cooking applications that have been bothering me since the Holidays.  As a lasagna pan it is the perfect depth to make a stellar presentation.  As a roasting pan it works well and holds a small turkey or two 3 lb. chickens.  It's also good for a large casserole for a pot luck.  The pan looks good from oven to table.  Yes - it is heavy to work with because of the cast iron, but I'm really glad to add this to my pantry.
Da Bird Cat Toy!. What a wonderful toy!  Our cat loves it, and even wakes us up in the middle of the night to play!  However one issue we experienced was that the feather attachment breaks very quickly. We've had 4 of these break almost immediately upon attaching it to stick and playing with it for a few minutes. I think it's the quality of the metal swivels where it attaches to the snap hook on the end of the string. Overall our cat can't get enough of this thing, though I wish it lasted longer
7 Piece Dakota Dining Room Set. Great product, good finish and quality. great customer service, I had a chair that I could not assemble due to a manufacturing defect. I told them about the problem and as soon as I sent them digital pics to verify the issue, they overnighted all new pieces that were giving me a hard time. I would definitely recommend buying from this vendor
Must use as a training device. I bought the bark stop about 2 weeks ago. I had read several reviews either really good or really bad so I was quite skeptical, but my dog (jack russell terrier) would bark at the rays of sunlight coming into the house, so I was desperate.The most important thing to remember when buying a product like this is that there aren't many things that are both great and easy. When you buy treats for dog to train him, do you simply leave the treats out all the time. No. Because he would never figure out that the treats were a reward for doing what you wanted him to. It's the same thing with the bark stop.The first thing you should do with this device is put it to the audible setting and then test and see what makes the bark stop actually go off. I found that doors shutting hard, clanging dishes, etc all set it off. So, if the device goes off every 5 seconds, the dog isn't going to think for a second that it's going off because he's barking. He's going to assume that it's a uncontrollable sound that he has to live with.So after putting the device back into the ultrasonic sound setting, I decided that I would only plug the device in when the dog was barking or when he was in his cage. Also, I never leave the device plugged in when I'm doing dishes slamming doors, or doing loud things. So the dog only hears the device when he barks. I realize that this might be a slight annoyance to walk on egg shells in order to make sure the device works, but I would rather do that than have a barking dog. The way I look at it, is I wouldn't just randoming throw my dog treats in the middle of his training, so why leave it plugged in all the time.In the end, the first time I plugged in the bark stop, I let the dog bark it out. He barked for about 5 minutes (normally 10-15) and then stopped. The second time I plugged it in, he didn't bark more than twice. The bark stop puts out a ultrasonic beep when you plug it in, so I think that now he knows when he's going to hear more than he wants to. I think that the dog has now gotten more used to it, and will try to out bark it, but for the most part, he doesn't bark much at all while it's on, if he barks at all. The one thing that the manual does say is that if the dog is trying to protect the house, usually this device won't help, which I think is a good thing.Cons:When I was testing the microphone (used for taking in the bark loudness) on the device, it didn't seem to matter if the microphone was on high or low. Also, this device would be so much more useful if it came with a remote to turn on or off, not to manage each bark, but to simply be able to sit at the couch and click it on, or to click it off
Love this cookware. I have a set of the traditional Circulon as well as a piece of the new steel Circulon. I have never had a problem keeping the 'grooves' clean. I put my Circulon in the dishwasher, it's very low maintenance. Food cooks great with it. Both my mother and mother-in-law have made positive comments about it when visiting. I have never had the problems which the negative reviewer has made. I recommend this brand HIGHLY
EVERYTHING GOOD YOU HAVE HEARD ABOUT THIS CAN OPENER IS INVARIABLY TRUE!  --  WOW!. IN A NUTSHELL: THE GOLD STANDARD FOR THE PRICE OF TINAs can openers go - there are none better, but the fact that these are available for around $10. and last literally forever seems too good to be true. Nevertheless, it is true. Like many other people, we have tried a lot of different can openers, some electric some hand held, but we always come back to the one that has always been in our kitchen -- 'SWING-A-WAY'.WHAT MAKES THE 'SWING-A-WAY CAN OPENER' SUPERIOR TO OTHER CAN OPENERS?3 components contribute synergistically to Swing-A-Way's success;1]- Very durable Tempered Steel gears with a cutting edge that stays sharp literally forever.2]- Ample leverage provided by a large chrome-plated steel turn-key to assure enough torque into the gears to open any can simply by hand turning.3]- Plastic coated Steel handles that facilitate penetration of the can by the cutting edges with just ordinary hand pressure.WHY ARE THESE LONG LASTING SUPER CAN OPENERS SO INEXPENSIVE?With only several moving parts made of easily manufactured components that are sold on a huge scale worldwide, it costs very little to make this product despite its excellence.[I AM NOT AFFILIATED WITH ANY PRODUCT OR COMPANY BUT WE HAVE USED 'SWING-A-WAY' LITERALLY FOREVER WITH UNIFORMLY EXCELLENT RESULTS]
Very simple, practical and expandable. This wine rack works great. You do need to glue the rack together or it will pull apart, especially if moved. They say you have score the peg for glue but I just put some glue in the hole and it worked fine. I like that you can combine racks to expand it's width or height as you wish. The price is very reasonable also
this is great,/light weight. I really like these cutting boards.There not beautiful, there not for serving, but they do not let liquid spill off the sides, cause they go up around the edges.I also like that there so light weight, but strong. I can cut up my veggies, meat,, and carry it too the pot on my stove and everything slides right in.When I'm cutting up anything you do not have that "Well" around it that leaves you with a smaller surface, and all the juices fall into.When you try and catch the juices, they run off in a mess, not so with this board.Now for the negative about this board, but I do not find this to be a big deal though.Once you put a cut into the board it is not anti-bacteria free..I put my Board into the lower part of my dishwasher and it comes out fine.If your looking for a beautiful board this is not it.If your looking for a light weight , funtional cutting board, I think this is it.I do not use my heavy expensive wood boards anymore.I bought these last year 06, on Amazon for $7.99...Why they went up in price this much is beyond me, 07.These boards are not long lasting like wood boards or other heavy plactic boards, so I'm waiting for the price to come down..I now own 3 of these.Btw I own one sq. and two rectangle.The rectangle is my favorite and the only ones I would buy again
First set...best set. being that this is the first set of knives I have ever purchased I really have nothing to compare them to. However I must say in the short time I have owned and used them I really can't complain. They are sharp and feel nice in my hands. they seem to have great balance and I definitely have noticed that they cut smoothly and with minimal effort. compared to other knives I have used I would say that these are far above the rest
Like it, but watch out for color. I liked it overall - always great Mikasa quality, just wanted to warn others, that advertised "crisp white background" came in rather milky-creamy-off-white color. Definitely not white.
Wok on the Wild Side. excellent wok; heats evenly; love the hook at the end of handl
Great tool to have!. I love this baking mat! It is great for prepping dough, and for baking cookies on a sheet evenly, and cleanly. I love that i don't have to hand-wash my expensive cookie sheets anymore, i can just toss this mat into the dishwasher!My only complaint is that it's smaller than i thought it would be, but maybe if I had paid more attention to the measurements when i bought it, i wouldn't have that problem :) One sheet on it's own will fit on my toaster-oven sheet perfectly, but I think i will buy a second one, as two put together will cover a regular-sized cookie sheet.Overall it's a great product for a relatively good price, i highly recommend it!Grade: A-
Good item, fast, cleaning is ok with nonstick surface, durable. I have had this grill for about 6 years now, and it is still fun to use. Beats frying of broiling beef or chicken, and keeps me inside in winter instead of starting the grill. I suggest you use this under an exhaust fan by the stove, it can put out some smoke.  Works great on chicken and even steaks. Easy to do Salmon steaks up on as well. I also have done sausages and hot dogs for a change as well. More handy than I ever thought it would be.
A great fan. My entire family sleeps with a fan beside their bed (Year Round).  We already had one of these fans and everyone was fighting over it so we bought 2 more.  We are a happy family again! Love it
The suckiest machine I know !. I Love this machine.  We needed a hand vacuum to help clean up hair on the couches, other furniture, and our cars.  We have all wood floors so no need for a big vac with all the accessories.  This vac has great suction power and the brushes work really well.  To clean out the dirt is quite simple.  Highly recommend this vacuum
Recomend it!. I love and and bought one for my parents as well as my in laws....great for my morning tea. Favorite feature is the auto shut off, I can flip the switch, get ready for work and water is ready to pour. I don't have to worry about running to the kettle once the water has boiled. I highly recommend this product
Calories All Day Long. I purchased this rice cooker for the soul reason that I was shortly due to become a student with a small budget.  I also have a metabolism of a humming-bird -- that and small budgets don't mix well.But try as I might, there is no way I can fit more than 6 cups of cooked rice into my gullet over a day.  That said, I measure out only 2 cups dry rice (a 1/4 cup rice equals about 3/4 cup cooked rice) and 2 cups water in the morning, let it sit for 30 minutes for extra fluffiness, and cook with a single finger press.  What can I say, the rice turns out just as I expect it.  In fact, there is little difference between the texture of this rice and the texture of the rice I've had in Korea over the last two years.  The best part -- it keeps extremely well all day long, providing the calories I need to survive.  The rice loses little moisture, doesn't scortch, and remains flavorful.If I weren't single then the capacity allows me to scale up.  And I am expecting this rice cooker to survive a very long time based on experiences with other's in my family (I'm thinking about floral imprinted ricecooker that survived 18 years!).This rice cooker is all anyone needs -- who needs digital!
Very Durable Product. I have occasionally noticed restaurants using Fiestaware, which is an accurate testament to the product's durability
Cheese slicer. I am very happy with this item.  It does a good job of slicing cheese.  I would have liked it better had it been a little smaller. It is a good sturdy tool
Here is the elbow grease you needed. Handy to have when your no longer able to scrub. Arthritis patients would really benefit from this product
What A Great Little Machine!. I just love this iced tea maker.  I still can't believe I only paid $11.99 for it.It makes perfect tea in under 10 minutes.  It runs quietly and makes no more noise than a coffee maker does. It makes enough tea for 1 or 2 people for 1 day.It's just a great little appliance to add to your kitchen, no more no less
replacement carafe. The old one lasted three years.  It took a very swift collision into the side of the sink for it to break.  Thank heavens they are selling replacements, this one fit right in
Sheets 300 t/c. I AM "VERY" PLEASED WITH THE SHEETS. THEY ARE VERY SOFT AND COZY.I AM REALLY HAPPY I FOUND THEM AT THIS PRICE..VERY VERY CHEAP AND EXTREMELY GOOD QUALITY
I really like this Product... My brother & sister-in-law recommended a Hamilton Beach Brewstation to me. Theirs was a top-of-the-line model that cost over $100.00. I bought a REfurbished Brewstation of a lower model for $30.00. I really like it a lot. The Timer is great. It did leak but I had a old brewstation that I just took the center piece you load with water and replaced it. Now no leak. This is a great product
Fiestaware canister. Great Canister, so happy that I was able to find this at such a great price, and shipping was free that is alway a plus for me.
Use for Cream AND Sugar!. I was looking for an attractive stainless steel/glass sugar dispenser.  I read the Amazon reviews of the WMF Satin Steel and Glass Sugar Bowl and didn't like the way it supposedly dispensed the sugar a bit at a time.  So I decided to try using the Creamer for sugar.  It works great!  I am now about to buy another Creamer to use for cream/milk.  ...  I may even buy a third for crystallized brown sugar
good basic saucepan. This pan gets the most use of any in my kitchen.  It's got a good depth so that when whisking sauces and gravies they don't spatter over the edge and mess up the cooking surface.  I especially like that there are inserts made to fit this pot, including the steamer which is less of a hassle than the old expandable baskets.  The lid fits nicely even after ten years.  This pan requires a little extra effort to keep looking nice, but a swipe with some copper/stainless steel cleaner keeps it looking pretty much like new.  Some sauces with a high milk content tend to burn slightly at the bottom.  This is a good basic saucepan
Lightweight and compact. So far, I've gotten lots of use out of this booklight.  It's a clever design and the light it sheds is more than enough.
Great Lid Rack!. This rack is great. It has plenty of slots for lids and they're well spaced, so deeper lids will fit well, too.
Lovely, useful tumblers. These tumblers are great for use at a card game.  Everybody gets a different colored glass.  They do not sweat so coasters are not required to keep the table dry.  They are insulated so the ice melts slower in the drinks.  Our whole group loves them
Food mill was a good deal. I received the food mill promptly, and in perfect condition. It was as stated by the seller
Durable and easy to use. I've used a table model Screwpull since the early nineties. Yes, the same one and it still works well after thousands of bottles.  The teflon has worn off the screw so now it isn't as smooth...it still peforms. In today's world of disposable products this is a keeper
My favourite mug!. This is a great product. The insulation keeps the outside of the mug cool to the touch, and keeps the contents hot for hours; I made tea at 7:00, and the last sip was still quite warm at 10:30. The lid seals completely, yet still goes on and off very easily. The only drawback is that I can't put in in the dishwasher, but I can live with that with all of the advantages
Not a bad french press... I was looking for a French Press on Amazon one day, and about a week or so later this model appeared in my Gold Box for only $20!  That was the deal maker, and to my house it came.This is pretty much like any other glass French Press.  My previous one was purchased at Ikea - this model has a finer filter.  Where I did OK with regular ground coffee in the ikea model, this one won't plunge correctly as it will get stuck.  No big deal - just use the course ground coffee like you should for a french press and you're OK.Bodium calls this an "8 cup" model, but each "cup" is only 4oz.  Don't think that you're going to make a ton of coffee at a time with this model, but you'll get two nice sized coffee mugs full to the top.  That's just perfect for my use and if I happen to have a guest over we can both have coffee in one pressing.The travel press is intriguing.  I like the ability to quickly make about 16oz of coffee for the morning commute and take it with me.  Previously, I'd just make some coffee and then put it in an actual travel mug.  Not much of a difference (just saving 1 thing to clean) and not sure if it's worth spending a lot more just for this capability.This travel press is plastic, and it has the same type of quality sieve and some rubber around it to ensure that the plastic cup doesn't get scratched up.  The seal around the grounds is impressive - you can't get all the liquid through to the "drinkable" side.  The lid screws on tightly and there is a plastic piece that locks on top of the drinking hole.  With the plunger down all the way, the cup is about 98% spill proof.  It's still possible to spill a little bit through the "plunger hole."  Bodium claims that the press is well insulated - I don't find it any better than a cheap travel mug.  Stays decently warm for about 30 minutes, depending on the ambient temperature around it.  If you like your coffee piping hot or it's cold around you, consider opting for a vacuum sealed mug for maximum effectiveness.Overall, this is just a French Press and there isn't much to differentiate it from any other press out there.  I do think the sieve mechanism works better than my old press from Ikea, so it seems that there is a little bit more quality in this unit than many others.  Right now, the site shows a price of about $50 - that means you're paying $20 - $30 extra just for the travel press.  You'll have to decide for yourself if this is a good bargain or not.
Great Quality. I was a little hesitant to spend over $10 for a splatter screen as most of them really aren't worth more than a few bucks.  However, I am VERY glad that I spent the extra money on this one.The quality of this item is top notch.  It's much more sturdy than any others that I've seen.  I've been using this splatter screen for a few months now and still love it.  The feet on the bottom are very helpful in controlling messes.  The handle is terrific (some screens only have either a D ring on the top or a thin handle) and seems to stay cool while in use.This even got raves from my mother
still works perfectly. I bought this grinder a year ago, and we use it everyday, sometimes multiple times a day.  It produces a consistent grind, is very easy to change from an espresso setting to a coarser setting for drip coffee.  Dosing takes practice as you have to think about how long the grind has been running to know how much you've produced.  I highly recommend this product.  I fully expect it to last many years.The only complaint I have about it is the area that holds the puck is too close to the doser.
Keeps pets out of food. After having my cat fod raided for the third time by our resident dog/small horse, I went looking for a container that would be space saving and secure for storing food. This fit the bill perfectly. Now he is no longer able to have unauthorized snacks and I am saving money on expensive prescription cat food that he doesn't need to be eating. It holds about 30 pounds of cat food easily and has a samll footprint of floor space. I can't say enough good things about this. Try it for yourself and discover how great it is
Perfect for dips & little snacky things. These little bowls are used all the time at our house. They're great for casual entertaining; one little bowl for nuts, one for olives, one for some sort of spread. I also will put dip in one, then place in the center of a dinner plate & surround it with veggies. They're just nice and easy; a great addition to any collection! And like all fiestaware, very sturdy and has held up to a lot of use.As to the dye problem someone had; perhaps Amazon got a bad batch? I haven't had any problem
A Wonderful Find At A Reasonable Price!  A++. I just purchased this knife, having a larger Wustof Santoku Knife.  I wanted this smaller knife to handle jobs that did not require the larger Santoku. This knife is simply wonderful; and despite other reviews about the orange handle, the ease of use makes up for the color.  The handle is quite comfortable and the grip makes it easier to chop and cut without fatigue. It's easy to clean and the knife is as sharp as any of the other higher priced knives that I own such as Henckel's or Wustof's.  Highly recommend!!!
One of my most used kitchen items. First off, make sure you notice in the writing above that while this is called a 3 cup press, it does not make 3 US cups.  It makes 1.5 US cups.  This is a sip or two more than will fit in most of my mugs and hence is exactly the amount of coffee I want since my husband can't stand coffee.  If you were wanting this to make a mug each for two people though, you won't be happy with this little guy and need to look at the bigger models.Other than that, this is pretty straight foward device.  It's very easy to use and a snap to clean.  And the coffee it produces is excellent; after using it for two years, I now have problems when company comes over and I want to use my big autodrip coffee maker because so much of the richness of my beans get lost with the drip method.The only thing that keeps me from rating this product a full five stars is that I have problems with the filters after about eight months to a year.  The press currently in my kitchen is actually the second one I have had because the last one became unusable when the filter simply stopped being willing to stay in place.  Now I am having this problem with the replacement.  It is possible that my problem is due to the fact that the filters get warped and could be solved by simply buying new filters, but since the filters are $4 plus shipping and a complete replacement costs $11, it makes as much sense to me simply to replace the whole unit and have a backup in case I drop it and shatter the glass (which has happened in the last year!).  But, really, I shouldn't complain too much about this because $11 a year is a small price to pay to make perfect coffee
Good Product. I am very happy with this product.  It has a solid base and I like that it is so easy to adjust.  I wish that it had a dimming option.
This is TOO good. I've been on the lookout for a good strong wall magnet for months, and nothing out there seems to pass muster. Finally, just when I thought I would be using old-fashioned knife block technology forever, these folk come to the rescue. Or so I thought. The magnet is SO strong that it attracts virtually all metal within a 6 foot radius. I've had to replace 3 watches so far, and almost sliced my wife to ribbons when my Chinese chopper slipped from my grasp as I was retrieving it from the dishwasher and hurtled across the room. Great product guys, but you need to make the magneticability adjustable
Vornado recommended. I would highly recommend this humidifier mainly because of the simple design and ease of use.  Compared to another brand that I have, this one is very low maintenance.  Noise is not a problem unless perhaps you use the "high" setting, which seems unnecessary.  My only criticism is that it is difficult to see the water level.
THE BEST. We've had the Pizzazz for about 5 years and its incredible, we use it for just about anything frozen. Don't think twice about buying one
Great Idea/Mediocre Execution. I have had this pet chime dog doorbell system for one year. The system I have worked great at its intended purpose. My dog was scratching to let us know when she wanted to go out and when we bought a new house I didn't want the new doorjambs to be covered in scratches. It took about two weeks to teach her to ring the bell consistently without first trying scratching. During this period I had some dog booties that she wore so that she wasn't scratching the wood during the training period. Training her to use it was not difficult. The product worked very well for the first eight months. I didn't have the problems with range from the receiver that some reviewers had with their units. Our receiver was about 15 feet from the furthest "paw" bell. At about eight months the outdoor receiver started to act up by getting stuck when the dog rings it and chiming over and over and sometimes being triggered by rain or wind and ringing repeatedly. Jiggling the paw stops it and it hasn't happened enough yet for us to trash it but seems to be getting worse. I am planning to order one of their replacement transmitter paws for about $12, not including shipping. I think we were fortunate that our unit worked as well as it did, given others comments it seems there is inconsistency in the quality of the product.
Best soap pump around. You know how there are always messy drips down the sides of most soap/lotion dispensers? Well, this long snout pump can help you avoid them. I put mine close to the kitchen sink so that the snout hangs over the edge of the sink. All the drips just go into the sink. I liked it so much I bought another. I use one for hand soap and one for dishwashing liquid. It's just perfect
Simply the Best We Have Used!. We are Dutch oven cooks here in the northwest and do a lot of classes for folks, cater, and demo.  We believe in only having what you enjoy using to cook with in your camp kitchen, in your rv kitchen and in your home kitchen.  We bought this slicer in January while in Baker City doing a class.  Not only is it a nice heavy piece of equipment, it is so easy to use and adjust.  There are three thickness adjustments, giving you extremely thin slices perfectly sliced all the time to nice cocktail thick slices, that look like they were done by the cheese packager before purchase.  Nothing sticks.  It is easy to clean.  Slightly larger grip than normal, making it comfortable in the hand.  We have recommended it to all our fellow cooks.[...
Great for small dogs!!!. My Pomeranian has 2 of these cute toys and loves them!!! I get him one whenever a they make a new loofa dog. My friend also has a loofa toy for her dog and her dog loves them too. To make it short, these toys rock, period
Great Daily Cleaner. Use this on the 'Absolute Black' granite and it works great for daily clean up.  Also use the Granite Gold polish about once a month.
Popper popped perfect. Requires a lot of turning on the handle, but worth it for that old fashioned movie type popcorn!  I recommend for family fun
The only waffle iron you need!. I have had a Salton waffle maker for years, but avoid making waffles because of the messy clean up.  The extra batter would seep into everything.  I would wind up unscrewing the whole thing to clean.  I saw the Cuisinart 8 stick waffle maker and thought I would give it a try.  I can't stop making waffles!!  At first I was worried if I bought it for our 2 youngest (for the stick feature), I wouldn't be able to serve it to the rest of the family.  Turns out the waffles come out attached, so all is well.  The unit beeps when it has heated up; beeps when the waffles are done, so you don't have to stand over it--watching.  It has a dial which cooks the waffles from light to crispy--and it does work! Even though I'm thrilled with all that, the clean up is too easy!  No nooks and crannies for the extra batter to drip into.  It even has an area to wrap the electrical cord and can be placed standing on its side since it has a latch feature.  So out with my old maker and in with Cuisinart.  Makes breakfast a piece of "cake"?
perfect towel- unless they're "imperfect". These towels are huge and plush.  But one of my bath towels in the Cousteau color arrived flawed.  It had major problems down the entire long selvedge edge.  Amazon sent me a replacement which had flaws in the terry loop portion of the towel.  After that, they would not send another replacement because of the way their system handles multiple returns of the same product.  I had to go to a brick & mortar store to buy the rest of my set.  These towels will be a great addition to your bath if you can get an unflawed set.  Not sure if two defective towels was a fluke or representative of a larger problem.  Columbia Sportswear is usually very high quality, but in this case, I would recommend inspecting your towels very carefully before you discard the packaging
How did we manage without it?. These gloves are "hand savers" in the kitchen, fireplace and camping
Great little kitchen tool!. I love baking, and I love to cook as well.  I wish I had ordered this little gadget prior to the holidays - it would have made my cookies look even more spectacular!  However, I have used it often since then for pie crusts, homemade pasta - it's wonderful for anyone who loves to cook or bake as they would truly appreciate it!
Superb knives for the price (especially when they're on sale). We put these knives on our wedding registry after reading Cooks Illustrated's kitchen knife review.   They most highly recommended these and a set of high-end Wustoff knives.  We chose these because they're a much better value (when these go on sale, you can pick up the whole Victorinox set for about the same price as one good Wustoff knife).We've been very happy with our choice (and our friends who bought them for us--gotta love registries!).  The blades are very sharp, the knives are very well-balanced and comfortable in the hand, and everything is very easy to clean.  We've had our set for a few months now and the blades are still as sharp as the day we got 'em.  And the physical design of the knives is very functional.They aren't quite as sharp as the heavier forged metal blades of some higher end knives like the fancier Wustoffs.  These are stamped from a sheet of metal rather than being individually forged.  But they're still very good, and are a much better value than their forged competitors.One note:  We were a bit confused about the difference between the Forschner and Victorinox versions of this knife set.  But it turns out that they're the exact same knives, just distributed under two different labels. Forschner is the brand name they've used for years to sell to professional chefs.  They only recently started selling under the Victorinox name in an attempt to reach home gourmets, under the theory that people already associate the Victorinox name with quality.  But we have the Victorinox version, and they're exactly the same as my friend's Forschners.  So you can buy either (whichever is cheaper)
Fun Fun Fun!. My mini-labradoodle puppy loves this toy!  She will drag the hive around waiting for me to put anything inside for her to find.  She loves the bees too and has figured out how to make them squeak on her own!  I would highly recommend this toy for any dog.
Love the Crock set. I purchased this item as a Christmas gift and my aunt loves it.  I am very pleased.  Thank
Champion Juicer. This is the only juicer I've used, so I don't speak from experience with other brands.  Nevertheless, I am very satisfied with this juicer.  It is easy to assemble and simple to use.  The clean-up is the only negative aspect, but you'll find that with any juicer (I believe).  I recommend it
Just like Mom's. My mother bought a Magnalite Dutch Oven 50 plus years ago. I've tried hard since I've been married to replicate the beef/pork pot roasts and soups my parents cooked while I was growing up but never getting even close to taste or texture.  It took my actually driving up to Western PA from Eastern MD to borrow her pot so I could produce a special German dish for friends this past year.  I can't believe it's taken me so long (I won't tell you how long I've been married but the kids are grown and married)to realize it's that seasoned pot that makes the food taste so good.  Well now thanks to the Internet and Amazon I've acquired my very own pot that's got Minestrone Soup simmering in it right now and it's well on it's way to being seasoned just right.  I wasn't able to get a 4 quart Dutch Oven, just like Mom's. It was either the 3 qt covered casserole or the much larger 5 qt. Dutch Oven.  I chose the 3 qt since there is just the two of us now and of course it's "down sizing" time
Wow, forget NyQuil. I had high hopes for these 600-thread count sheets and they've exceeded every one of them.  They perfectly fit my oversize king.  After 5 washes now they are as soft as ever.  Sleeping on these sheets is simply wonderful
Fabulous Dinnerware!. These dishes are wonderful - strong and attractive, with just the right weight. When I first picked up the dinner plate, I was surprised by how nice and heavy it felt - great quality. It's important to know that the pieces ARE NOT an opaque white color - when I ordered mine I was expecting these solid bright white pieces. Rather, they are more of a translucent bright white glaze - beautiful still, but not solid. Nonetheless, I am in love with the dinnerware and could never return any of the pieces
Home Canner. I like the canner and have used it many times since purchasing it.  The only problem is the holder that holds the canning jars. It is made such that 8 oz. and 4 oz. canning jars fall through making it difficult to lift the jars out after processing
elegant skillet. An elegant cooking and serving piece that extends the amount of burners you have access to for entertaining
Coffee Mugs that are delightful to use!. I recently acquired a Krups Pod Coffee brewer machine in the stainless finish. I wanted mugs with a similar finish and that would hold the coffee for the "7.5 oz." setting on the machine - these stainless mugs are perfect! They do keep the coffee hot much longer than any mug I've used before, and they look and feel great to use. I highly recommend them
Me Likey, Likey!!!. These Woven Cotton Blankets are Yummy!!! I want more!!! Elegant, soft, gorgeous and my new favorite blanket on our bed!!! We are blanket officionatos now--because we have lots and I've recently purchased even  more different kinds of blankets. (I reviewed some of them as well) Woven Cotton blankets just look more expensive and decorative then other kinds of blankets.  We rotate 5 different blankets on our King Size Bed to cover our down comforter and not only mix and match with the decor but to protect from the dirt or hair that we or our animals would deposit, while lounging.This Cotton Woven blanket would look good thrown over a couch or chair. I always get the most compliments on the looks of my cotton woven blankets, however, my WOOLRICH Down Throws are the most popular on our couches for warmth.This SAGE color is luscious. I recently purchased 2 different brands of SAGE and it's interesting how differently it can be interpreted. This one was more of a light apple color or peridot green. Ohhh soooo very pretty.  The woven pattern is elegant on our bed and it makes the leaves pop from the sheets and the comforter, which is folded at the bottom.  I love that it's lightweight yet heavy enough and is a high quality blanket.I usually buy blankets (we have need for many) at discount places but I found this to be well worth the great price offered here.  It was free shipping too.  One of my better purchases here through Amazon.  My husband really likes it and he is a bit of a snob about blankets.  Every time I walk in the room, I give a happy sigh.  I hope this helps with your blanket purchases.
very small coffee press. This doesn't look like its a 3 cup coffee press, looks more like a two cup. Haven'tused it, still sitting on the counter. But it looks nice
Fits all my jewelry, cleans it really well. This jewelry cleaner fits all my jewelry, even my largest necklace. I can clean lots of earrings at the same time, and not have to dip my fingers in the solution to get them out since the cage is removable. I love the watch holder, which allows me to clean the band without getting the watch face wet. Anyway, my jewelry looks like new again, so I'm more likely to wear it
Simple and beautiful. I was impressed by the quality finish on this item (not a stain, but a process that "caramelizes the natural sugar in the bamboo"). A pleasure to the touch too. I also appreciated the three nonskid rubber feet (though 4 feet would have been even better)
AWESOME LITTLE CHOPPER. This little chopper does wonders. It chops nuts and veggies like a much bigger chopper. It's super sturdy. I keep all of my walnuts etc. in the freezer to keep them fresh and this chopper chops the frozen nuts wonderfully. I was leary at first, hanging on to my old crank nut chopper handed down from my husbands mother. It didn't take me long to toss the old one away. I just love this chopper and use it for all my cooking needs. A wonderful purchase at a wonderful price
Small but comfy. The foam never came to the full size of the mattress-it is couple of inches short on each side. It is very comfortable, and since I'm short it doesn't really matter if it is 2 inches shorter than the mattress itself. It's a good way to "beef up" your old matress while you save for a new one
Wonderful Set!. I love these dishes!  The color and glaze is beautiful.  I bought 2 sets.  One arrived damaged but Amazon was great about picking up the broken set and it was replaced very quickly.I like the sizes of the pieces and they have held up well in the dishwasher.  I am now hooked on Fiestaware
Very Happy!. So glad i finally brokedown and bought me the Famous Dust Buster. Awsome little Vaccum Cleaner.Thanks A
Nice set of glassews. I bought these glasses a couple of months ago and like them very much.  Their odd shape somehow makes them easier to hold and everyone likes them even my wife
Bluebirds abound!. I bought this for my mother after having seen a bluebird in her backyard during a visit.  This is a great little house constructed perfectly from the size and placement of the opening to the slight venting on the bottom and back.  Of course I would expect nothing less from an Audubon Society bird house. The house comes complete with instructions on proper location and placement of the house.  The instructions also warn how to protect the birds from predators and gives a little background information on their feeding and nesting habits.  It couldn't be much easier for a first-time birder.  I brought it to her on March 23rd, and she put it up two days later.  She was concerned that she had put it up too late in the season, but the very next day...a nesting pair showed up and began to build!  She has called me almost daily to give me an update on their progress.  I'd definitely recommend this bird house for the price.  You can't beat it!  And for greater success, I'd recommend putting out mealy worms to draw them in
Wires necessary. A hand held wire type of cheese slicer is great. Doesn't matter what cheese (soft or hard) this will slice through it without a problem, that is until the wire breaks rendering it useless. I recently ordered a Chantal model with extra wires (the wires are ordered separately under the description &quot;Chantal Kitchen Tools Stainless Set/4 Replacement Wires for KG-CHS11 Wire Cheese Slicer&quot;) and found that these wires fit the WMF model. So now I have 2 working cheese slicers with extra wires. Make sure you order an ample supply of wires as they usually last a few months depending on your cheese usage
Fine product, but NO HARDWARE. This is a fine product and much nicer than many of the other door mounted spice racks avalible.  It is a bit pricey but still.  My main reason for writing is to point out to any buyers that there are no screws etc included with the shelf.  It does say "No hardware included" above, but I for one overlooked that.  It was rather a shock when I had paid almost 10$ a shelf to find that they couldn't include some cheap screws.  If you are aware that no hardware is included and like the look of the shelf, then I would recommend it
I own two. I own two that include the ac adapter.  They are great bright lights.  I used the first one so much that it sometimes slides closed too easily.  Replacement bulbs are not hard to find.  Don't bother paying for high priced Zelco bulbs.  I bought my generic replacements at Walmart in the area they sell flashlights.I use rechargeable batteries.  They probably last 8-10 hours on a fresh charge, maybe longer.  I've had to use one as a substitute dome light when in a vehicle for an extended period.  I put it on the visor.The lights are very bright.  In some circumstances they might be too bright, but that would be a weird complaint for a light, huh
The finest paring knife you can aquire. I have been an avid amateur cook for 25 years and have worked with a wide variety of kitchen tools during that period. Knives that I have utilized range from the &quot;cheap but effective&quot; to the finest products from Henckels. But the knives I use daily are the Globals', and the one that I cannot be without is this one. Although it is designated by the manufacturer as a Utility knife, it is simply the best paring knife I have ever used, and I've gone through a lot of them. Its razor sharpness is easily maintained, it has a perfect heft and balance, and it is exactly the &quot;right&quot; size and shape. It just feels great. Sorry if I sound so effusive -- I am not connected with the Global Corporation in any way -- but I would recommend this knife to any serious cook who has exacting standards in kitchenware
Good Product...but not for very small dogs. This is a great product; well built; very good quality.  It is great for dogs weighing 20 pounds or more.  One caution, though.....the leash and hardware is so heavy duty that it is to "heavy" for puppies and toy/very small dogs.  Sporn needs to sell the same product but designed for dogs under 20 pounds
Fresh curned butter on some homemade bread anyone?. We have owned the Breadman Corner Bakery for about eight months now.  It has made our house smell wonderful.  I have to say I don't use the recipes that came with it, so I won't judge those.  For the price this is a beautiful machine.  The pan has a solid heft to it, not like some of the other bread makers with seemingly flimsy aluminum pans.  We have made many types of bread in it and have even churned butter from heavy cream.  The best kind of bread is the one made in the pan right after making butter.  With a toddler and a baby, it is nice not to have to run to the store everyday to buy fresh bread or rolls.  The only time our bread has turned out not so good is when an ingredient has been forgotten.  Without the yeast it wasn't quiet the same but our house smelled great
Kicking myself in the butt right now. Important Note: If you plan to set a microwave oven on this, you might want to purchase a same-size cutting board to set it on, so that the door doesn't jam when you open it
Wouldn't be without this handy item. I bought one of these iSi cream dispensers about 20 years ago.  Have never had a problem with it and have not worried about cream spoilage (and waste) since.  The charged canister of cream lasts and lasts in the refrigerator.  Very easy to use.  After a quick shake, just invert, point the affixed nozzle, and pull the lever (test in the sink first to be sure its not liquid because it will splatter).  The more its shaken, the thicker the cream will be.  The only caution is to not shake it too much before use or you'll make butter instead of whip cream.  Cleaning is a breeze; but, does require a toothpick to clean out the small holes.  And, of course, release all the pressure before opening to clean.  My difficulty now is obtaining the chargers due to shipping restrictions.  Can't believe no one else has reviewed this item
Stylish Little Mic. This thing looks good and performs good.  I highly recommend for those looking for style and function
Nice piece. This is the usual high quality of OXO however it's a bit smaller then I expected. The directions told me to put the tip on the counter and sharpen down and toward you, a different method the I had been using but it works quite nicely
Great reading light. Works wonderfully.  My husband can sleep while I finish that last chapter.  Makes a great night light when travelling too
The fantastic sieve!. I believe this sieve is really good and is a great kitchen utensil to own. We all should have one! Not only does it do its job but it is sleek and sexy. A great buy
Great Value. After researching in Consumer Reports, I decided on this toaster because it has cord storage, deep toaster wells, a bagel setting and a defrost setting, 4 slice slots, a removable crumb tray, a bread lift which prevents you from lowering the bread if it is unplugged.  The black & stainless look is a thumbs up, too. Does a good job of toasting evenly
Excellent. We have used an old pizzelle maker for 10 years and this one has great improvements in cord location and drip protection. Work great from the beginning. We make 500 pizzelle during the xmas season and we expect this to last 10+ years
Wonderful blender. I've used this blender about 45 times, mostly on frozen bananas with milk or yogurt. It works.Some reviewers have had problems with splashing. The instructions say to hold the lid down. I turn the blender on with one hand and hold the lid down with my other hand. The inside of the lid does get splashed. I've never had splashes come through the lid.Once the blender is running, I let go of the lid, open the little hole, and drop frozen bananas into the hole while holding the outside lid. Tiny splashes come though the little hole, which I can't see as unusual or problematic.I'm very happy
Presto 8 quart pressure canner  review. Item is well worth the purchase price. ONLY thing that should be changed in the advertizement on Amazons web site is to ADD or  NOTE  conspicuously that this item can ONLY can PINT bottles not quarts It is not mentioned on the page of the items description
Polly, Put The Kettle On!. . . . And we'll all have tea! That is exactly what this was meant to do.My wife likes to enjoy a nice cup of tea or hot chocolate when we are busy working outside in my garage workshop or doing what seems to be never ending yardwork.This is the perfect outdoor electric kettle to have on hand. We don't have to worry that it might break like a glass carafe would and we don't have to worry about turning it off. I just fill it up, put in on the tool bench, plug it in and wait for it to do its thing!All we have to do is sit down on the patio, admire Mother Nature and enjoy a good hot cup of tea!
This Rocky delivers a knockout!. I have had my Rocky doserless grinder for nearly nine months and I have never regretted the purchase.  This is one of the premier prosumer grade coffee grinders and delivers consistent quality for espresso through drip and (almost) up to press pot.  It is solid, relatively quiet - I use mine in my office at a small university and do close my door to muffle the noise a little more - and a great option for grinding for each individual shot of espresso.  Plus, its compact form factor and mechanical-cool look mean Rocky can sit on the corner of my desk, next to the Gaggia Factory lever machine that it serves.The highlights of the Rocky are its solidity and quality, its ease of adjustment, and in the case of this doserless model, its ability to grind for each dose of espresso or brew with minimal holdover of grounds.  Because the path from burrs to chute is so short and unobstructed, I can rap the side when I am done and dislodge any leftover grounds, or simply remove the two screws holding in the chute to use a brush to clear it.  The metal hoop below is perfect for holding a Gaggia or Pavoni portafilter when grinding, and can be removed with one quick tug to allow you to grind into a filter, press pot, or bag.  Rocky's weight keeps it steady - it is no flimsy lightweight - and I personally like that the power switch and grind switch are separated on the doserless model.  Having the grind switch on the front is convenient.The only things keeping Rocky from getting five stars have to do with the grind settings.  On the coarse end of the adjustment, Rocky just doesn't quite make it to a real french press grind.  This is an issue that was noted on coffeegeek reviews and which I didn't care about when I bought the machine, but which I now wish I had considered.  Also, and this is a niggling point, the grind adjustments are stepped, not stepless.  In a perfect world, I like to think that all grinders should be stepless like the Mazzer Mini that I occasionally get to play with.  That said, the steps are close enough that I have not found a problem in getting the grind I desire, and the system of a release button on the collar that adjusts the burrs is slick and simple.If you are in the market for a top end consumer coffee grinder, take a good long look at the doserless Rocky.  When a Mazzer Mini would be overkill (and overpriced), but you want something closer to commercial grade than a Solis Maestro, Rocky hits the sweet spot
This itty bitty book light is an itty bitty wonder. I am amaze of all the negative reviews on this product. I purchased the itty bitty book light containing the portable battery pack and AC adapter about 5 years ago and I am still using it. I replaced the light bulb for the first time (replacement comes in the set I bought) last year when it started flickering and died. The book light has been used a great deal and I have accidently left it on for full nights before. I am lucky that nothing has been burnt because the light bulb gets rather hot after about 30 mins of usage...This is the only down side I can think of. The battery pack has its advantages... you are free to roam with the book light but replacing batteries gets very expensive. I prefer using the AC adapter. This might be why I never had a problem with the light source getting dimmer over time. It fits perfectly on big hardback text books and slim paperbacks. You can easily adjust the light to shine wherever you want. Over the last year, my boyfriend has bought at least 3 LED booklights and has returned them all because they were never bright enough for him and he could not easily adjust the light source to shine where he needed them. He has been stealing my booklight to read with and I am force to use the poor night stand lighting. The funny thing is... I had originally bought it for him but he did not want it because it was not a LED book light. Now I am on this page again to buy another one for myself
Love this dutch oven. My husband was skeptical, why do you need a new $200 pot he said.  Well I bought the dutch oven, with two days of receiving it I made the best beef stew he has ever had.  He said the meat was much more tender than when I make the stew in a crock pot.  Never again will he question me when I say I need a kitchen tool
Great Product!. Heats super evenly, non-stick works fantastic, dishwasher safe as long as you use the right detergent.  It doesn't get any better than that
Beautiful. They are great quality, heavy and strong, beautifully designed, and love the way it sits on your hand.  Of course, cost is associated with quality
Amazing!!. This is the best purchase I have ever made.  Money very well spent.  I have never slept so well.  Hip pain used to make fallling asleep difficult for me and with this memory foam mattress pad my joints no longer bother me at night.  I have never reviewed a product before, but this product is so great I felt the need to say thank you.
High Quality Pot Rack for Joists Spaced 16" Apart. This rack, made in Indonesia, appears to be completely made of solid stainless steel - unlike others that use chrome plated or aluminum hooks or chains. It has a center grid. All mounting hardware is included, even ceiling screw hooks. It uses rigid stainless strips to connect to the ceiling, not chains.Make sure your ceiling joists are 16" apart or you're mounting this in parallel along a single joist. My joists are 18" apart unfortunately, and the Amazon description fails to mention this requirement.One last note, Cuisinart customer service offered no help whatsoever with my installation problem. Good product, poor support
Old Time Fashion. It's great making soda water for drinks the way they did in the old B&W movies. Works fine. Lot's of fun with guests
No Shaving this summer!!. I have two cats.  One is a shedder the other a short haired tabby.  This has worked great on both of the cats.  I already notice after using it a few weeks I can actually pet the female cat now without getting hair all over the place.  The hardest thing with it is the static created with the brushing then the hair wants to stick to my hands while I pull it off.  Not a problem compared to the benefits.
What a dream machine!!. I've been using the HOOVER WindTunnel Bagless Canister Cleaner with Powered Nozzle for a few weeks now and I have to say.....  This is THE nicest vacuum I've EVER owned.  Everything's easy to opperate since ALL the controls are right there on the handle (ie. off switch, power suction controll, and Carpet Brush on/off switch)!   Not to mention it's THE most user friendly and quiet of vacuum's I've owned.  In one press of a bottom you can go from easily vacuuming pethair infested carpetting to vacuuming bare flooring in the SAME stroke!  What's even cooler (I had to test it's limits just to see) is the built in edge groomer!  I can vacuum up to 2inches from the wall or base board and it'll pick up all and any particals that aren't heavier than a marble (the closer the vacuum gets to the edge of the wall it'll deinfately pick up heavier objects than a marble)!!  The powered hand tool is just the neatest thing you could come across, it removes pethair from uphostery that my other vacuums couldn't (at least not without harming to the material first).  The only set back I for see is the bagless hepa canister needing to be capable of holding about 2x the normal amount.  Which will come in handy if you have to vacuum more than 3 rooms at a time.  Also the powered nozzel could use a stronger hold for keeping the handle upright when not in use.  Other than that, I definately recommend this vacuum to anyone who wants easy to use, compact most-in-one vacuums.  Especially if they have more than one type of surface to vacuum and have a few furry critters hanging around their home.  Although I love the two furballs at my house, up until now it has always a pain to clean up their favorite spots on the rug or sofa
Very happy with this tool. This tool is very good for removing pasta from water and other small foods from both cooking oil and water.  My only problem is that the mesh is so small it takes a long time for the water/oil to actually drain from the skimmer
The Perfect Hotpad. I'm only sorry that I didn't purchase two...and that's exactly what I'm about to do.It feels, fits and performs perfectly. They are much nicer and safer to use than a towel or any potholder. Hot steam can permeate the woven fabric, but there are no other negatives.The one-size-fits-all glove fits my large hand and my wife's petite hand. It even cleans up in the wash machine
Great grill. I bought this grill after reading reviews for many different grills, I thought this one seemed to have the better reviews, so I bought it.  I really love it. It heats up pretty quickly, and has enough space for 2-3 people 4 people would have to eat slower, but it does have enough broiler space, and its square to have people at all 4 sides.  We use it 2 time a month at least and makes a great fast meal.  The only thing that causes some distress is that the grill is not quite as easzy to clean as they say.  Most of it comes off very easily, but some spots of cooked grease remain, it comes of with some elbow grease, and a scrubby, but it would be nice if it was as easy as they said it was
Great Christmas Gift. I gave this coffemaker to my fiance as a Christmas gift, and both of us have been happy ever since.  Initially I thought we wouldn't use the weather function, but it has become very useful during our hectic mornings before work. My fiance also takes her coffee very seriously and  has been impressed with the quality of the coffee from day one.  We have recommended the Mill & Brew to all of our friends that make coffee in the morning
REMOTE CONTROL BLIZZARD POWER FAN. Contrary to one or two other reviews, I have found this fan to be quieter than most...certainly more quiet than a box fan.  The fan is compact and delivers a big "punch". It is most effective sitting on a table. I like that it has oscillating features and has a remote control.  It cools the room beautifully.The reason I gave it four stars rather than five...it is not the prettiest color nor is it streamline.  In spite of it's appearance, it's a winner
for the ice cream lover. This thing is solid and built to last.  You can really lean on it for those rock hard ice creams.  No more bent spoons
Perfect size. This is a perfect size for anyone who wants to start keeping fish but who doesn't have much space. It is compact and neat with very easy to follow set up instructions. The airpump is very quiet and the light adds to the ambiance of the tank. It is perfect for 2-3 small fish or snails. It is also a great idea for a gift for a child
Pleased, but have to agree with others... I just received the last of 12 4-piece sets (2 each of six colors) that I just ordered and in general I am very pleased with the product, but I do have a couple of minors issues to share.1.  I just noticed that one of the Shamrock plates is a little wobbly on the table.  I wish I had noticed that before we had used it two or three times, but the plate has always been used by other family members.  Not a big deal, but come back to quality control issues that most people mention.2.  Also as others have mentioned, there are some glaze imperfections on some of the pieces.  Usually around the white ring on the base of the plates and bowls or a little on the handles of the mugs.  Does not really deter from the usefulness of the product -- I might not have even noticed if it were not for some of the reviews.3.  Finally, I did start to wonder if these items had production flaws or if Amazon is selling "seconds" or returns.  I hope this is not the case since Amazon does not disclose these items as such, but I had a couple of things that make me wonder.a.  Inconsistent packaging material in boxesb.  Department store price tag on a bowl in one setc.  Packed in plain boxes instead of colorful one like at local storesd.  Issues with tangerine set as described belowe.  The glaze issues, the wobbly plate, other's comments.Despite the items above, I am please with the Fiestaware and like it a whole lot better than the Pfaltzgraff we replaced.A couple of notes with regard to Amazon:1.  I did go to other sites to judge colors because the Amazon colors are pretty much wrong on about half the items.2.  I have a major production flaw on one set (purple dots on a tangerine mug).  Amazon did a great job of replacing that set, but the 2nd set arrived broken (only breakage I had, it also was replaced by Amazon, no issue).  My real concern with this broken replacement set appeared to be opened and then re-packaged.  The outside packing tape was double taped instead on the normal single tape, and an inside piece of packing material was in upside down (I believe this is why the plate broke in transit).
Thank You Amazon Reviewers. I was looking for dish sets, wanting the square shape, but didn't want to pay $10/plate, or have hideous floral patterns. I found these here, but didn't like the yellow color--fortunately I read the user reviews instead of clicking my way elsewhere. There are indeed, a lot prettier than the pictures, and not heavy.When they arrived, the box was beat to a pulp, wherein I gave my UPS dude major stink eye telling him there were dishes in that mess. They were very well packed--not one crack, or chip.I'm extremely happy with these, with only one minor complaint--the mugs should be square as well.Thanks to all the reviewers--without them I wouldn't have ordered because of the picture (not true to real color)
Very nice. Beautiful canister.  I purchased one in each of the three sizes.  They look fantastic in my kitchen.  Highly recommend
Quick Shake Container. I have been using my Quick Shake Container for more than 8 years. I think it is one of the best kitchen items I have ever purchased. It mixes any thing liquidy in constence very well.The lid and snap closure are still in perfect condition. I never have any trouble cleaning it. I use a little bit of soap and hot water.One downside: is that the 2 cup measurements printed on the plastic cyclinder have rubbed off after such long use.To reslolve:  I took a permanent marker and wrote the measurements on the cyclinder, fix that problem. NO need to buy another one.Hope this helps
Awesome pans!!!. These pans are great!! They are a nice middle weight pan. Great quality and the nonstick is like no other. Better than anything I have ever had. They cook evenly with no hot spots. I think these pans will last me a very long time and I plan to add to the set in the future. I would definitely recommend these pans to anyone.
Featherbed cover. The featherbed covers I purchased were exactly what I wanted to cover the foam bed topper we have in our motorhome.  The fit is perfect and quality is excellent.  They wash well.  I would highly recommend this product and the price was below department store prices
Fixed our Problem!. Our two and a half year old son was just potty trained and couldn't quite make it through the night. We had a smaller pad on the bed, but it would shift and move and never give us 100% coverage. This pad is perfect! Fits wonderfully and easy to toss in the wash. Would definitely recommend it
so far so good. PEACE AT LAST!!!!! We have only had this for 4 days, but we are very happy. I ordered this because of RUDE neighbors who leave there 2 dogs(who bark and bark and.... they don't stop) out 24/7 is a dog run outside our bedroom window. Other neigbors have complained as well, they still won't do anything. After setting up the bark stop it didn't take long before they got the idea, they get 1 or 2 barks out then nothing :) I called the other complaining neighbor and asked if she heard the dogs "trying to bark" I told her that we bought super bark stop and hid it, she thought that was great.( now maybe we can enjoy a nice fall day with the windows open or working in the yard)update 10/18 okay the real test came last night and again this morning.What was the test?? SIRENS!!! I just had to laugh, they couldn't bark and howl!!! All I heard was this muffled grumbling coming from them. I am so glad we bought this!!!!
Best knives I've ever owned. These knives stay sharp! The ONLY negative is that when I received this block set, there are 11 knives and 12 slots in the block. If you look closely at the photo, you will see that there are two slots directly below the top two slots, and one of them is for the bread knife. I wound up purchaing a seperate fillet knife to fill in the empty slot in my block. Very nice looking set, top-notch quality. Perhaps the extra slot is by design so if you're missing a knife you really want, you can purchase it seperately and have room in your block for it
Great purchase. I purchased one of these several months ago after laboring over the price. I have no regrets. It's a top notch made in the USA appliance and gives me a lot of enjoyment. It also makes the best ice cream from a family recipe that I've been playing with and tweaking for about 30 years.The stainless steel can is a great feature and the motor has all kinds of power. I set mine in the kitchen sink in case I spill salt or brine water. When the ice cream gets stiff it gets loud. I usually put in ear plugs. Outdoors it probably wouldn't be as noticable.I was sceptical if the patented dasher would really make that much difference. Trust me It does. Several people who I have shared the ice cream with agree too.Everything about it says well made. I plan on having this one for a lifetime and passing it on to the next generation
Storage ottoman. Quickly shipped and as described, but make sure you have plenty of FEBREEZE on hand; the ottoman carries a strange oil-based smell that lingers for weeks
Pet bed. I am very pleased with my pet bed. My pom loves it I have blankets and toys in there for her. I am glad I got the bigger size. It was delivered in an appropreate time. Very pleased. Will buy from this company again. After I regroup from Christmas spending.Deb Jachelsk
Great Dog Treats. We have three dogs and these treats are terrific.  They're great for the times when you just need to keep the dogs occupied for a spell.  They keep the dogs busy for a long time and they love them.  The only thing I'll say is that if you have more than one dog be sure to have one for each dog otherwise the typical jealousy among dogs occurs
Worth every penny. I bought this knife almost three months ago, and have been nothing but impressed.  I am a professional chef and have used this blade almost non-stop since its arrival.  Despite daily use and infrequent passes on a global ceramic steel, it still remains near razor sharp.  The feel, the balance, the way the blade will hold an edge, everything about this knife is amazing.  It has quickly grown to be my favorite knife, surpassing even my ceramic knife which cost me three times as much and hasn't held up nearly as well.  Only complaint I have is because of its heavy weight, delicate cutting such as basil julienne (which I do frequently) are exceptionally difficult without bruising the herbs.  Its possible to do the job with the knife, but not really what it was designed for either in my opinion.  Every knife has its purpose, this is the best general purpose knife ive ever used
Healthy & Good Taste Choice as it is Aluminim Free. This DeLonghi BAR32 Espresso Maker is the only budget priced espresso maker that I can find that does not have aluminum its water/coffee path.  The boiler, porta-filter & baskets, brew group, and steam wand are all stainless steel (albeit the wand has a plastic tip).I thought the Capressopro with a slightly larger stainless boiler  might qualify as aluminum free and provide good competition but the porta-filter itself is made of aluminum (although it does have stainless basket inserts) and is TWICE THE PRICE than the Delonghi BAR32. It is questionable that the acidic coffee might poor over onto the aluminum porta filter and leach aluminum at the bottom of the porta-filter after exiting the stainless baskets - although Capresso implies no in their Ads.
Petsafe battery. Paid less for two items than I would at the local pet store for one. Quick free shipping and no tax. What more can I say
Has a classy look and feel. They are one of the best sheet sets. Even after a number of washes they retain the smoothness. As with most cotton, they do wrinkle but overall the sheet set is worth every penny
A DURABLE DELIGHT!!. I bought this soft sided pet crate in hopes that my new Yorkie Terrier, Brando, would have a safe haven to welcome him home.Since he is such a tiny guy, this crate offers both a play area and a bedroom.The construction is very durable and the color (red, my favorite) is fun.I particularly like the three entries and the two storage pouches, one of which is detachable.So far, he is enjoying the crate.  I like the fact that the sides are soft, since he is still in his wobbly stage.This was a great buy for us.Be Blessed
Towel Set. I was very pleased with the quality of the towel set. The bath towels are large, fluffy, and soft
Perfect for use with Bunn's My Cafe Coffee Maker. We have the commercial version of the Bunn My Cafe coffee maker. These jumbo mugs fit the machine so well that they seem made for it. The black mugs match the color of the machine, too. Sturdy and generously sized, these mugs are perfect when you want to indulge in your favorite hot beverage
Excellent, powerful, and economical. I have purchased 3 different brands of home air purifiers (Honeywell 17000, Oreck XL Professional, and Holmes Mini Tower HEPA), and the Honeywell 17000 works the best.  It is very powerful and pulls much more dust out of the air than the Oreck XL (which is more expensive, though quieter).  The only potential drawback one may have with the Honeywell 17000 is that it is a bit loud at medium and high speeds.  This noise is simply due to the movement of air, rather than the sound of a motor.  I highly recommend this unit for those who want to reliably remove dust and pet dander from the air; I change the filter every 2 months
Very cushy and comfortable. Received this item very quickly as promised.  It DOES have a zipper to remove the cover for washing but it's a tiny invisible type, you have to look for it.  Very plush.  Dog loves it
Highly Recommended. This is just the device for quickly chopping or dicing veggies such a tomatoes, cucumbers, and onions. Remember to slice to the depth desired first before chopping
great utility cart. This is just what I needed for a narrow space in my pantry.  Putting it together was a breeze and it is really sturdy.  It holds all our party stuff...paper plates, napkins, papercups, tableclothes, favors, big bowls and bottles of soda and wine on the bottom.  Perfect
You'll never drink from another glass again. Mr. Reidel is a genius.  He has custom shaped each wine glass to complement every different wine imaginable.  Your wine will never taste as good as when it's in a Riedel glass.  Even those sale brands taste expensive when cradled in this fine crystal basinette.  You'll never drink from another glass again
Great little gadget - Awesome value... Melitta has really improved the design on the cone from previous versions - They've added a lip on the top so you can pick it up without burning your fingers and a window that enables you to see how much coffee has already dripped into your cup; now you won't spill coffee all over your counter! (I can't tell you how many times that happened with the old version.) I'm actually glad our puppy chewed up our old one cup drip Melitta!While the travel mug isn't great, I find the top fits more snugly if I put it on when the coffee is really hot. I also use it at my desk, without the lid. It keeps my coffee warmer longer.Makes me an absolutely delicious cup of coffee, and has made a difference in the way I start my day...I also purchased one ofI ordered one of each color and got free shipping...Makes a great gift for a recent grad or someone who just got a new job...Life's too short to drink bad coffee
Melitta MES2B Single Serve Coffee Maker. I have used the coffee maker for the past couple of weeks, and it seems to make decent coffer using the Folgers Pods.  The coffee is better then what I make in the normal 10Cup maker.  I like it since for the single cup that I need it is quick and easy.  Also really not cleanup required like when you use the traditional pot to make coffee
Perfect - Every time!. Great product.  VERY easy to use and to clean.  Be sure you're ready for the garlic smell in the house, though.  It's a lovely smell, but not if you're expecting guests who are not planning to eat garlic...
Functional, cute & cheap. I have one cat that I could NOT keep in a collar.  I bought several different types with buckles and clasps which would be off in under a day.  Not this one! Either because it's so light and thin so he doesn't notice it, or because of the fastening system--this one has stayed on! It may be a bit unimpressive to look at, but its cord design fits cats' thin necks.  I do recommend this collar as an excellent buy and innovative design.  My only warning is to watch when you open the package! I had to buy this item twice, because the first time I opened the package with scissors and the collar itself was situated at the very tip of the package.  Ooops!
Monster Popovers!. I had bought a less than stellar popover pan from ebay that constantly stuck and got metal on my popovers so I trashed it and bought this one.  At first, the cups looked a little small to me but after making a batch of popovers all I can say is WOW!  The popovers come out HUGE and fall right out of the pan.  A very good investment (I make popovers alot) and am even thinking about purchasing the mini popover pan now
Automatic Soap & Lotion Dispenser. I have been very pleased with this product.  I ordered 3 of them all together.  One for myself and two for gifts.  Eventually I would like to order some more of them
Excellent. This is a great pillow for cervical support and stretching.  It's cotton and washable and worth the price
Griddle - best item on stove. I purchased this griddle just to be on top of my new range.  It is better than the griddle that JennAir offers - cooks evenly and I can even slide it into the oven to cook bacon.  It cleans up easily, looks great and I feel that it is one of the best purchases I have made.  Will be giving this second purchase as a Christmas present
Outstanding Coffee Grinder. I bought the chrome version of this machine about a month ago and my experiences with it are excellent.  The machine stays cool, grinds about 1/2 pound of coffee beans at a time, and the results are consistently good. It is a neat device, with the cord wrapping around the machine for easy storage.  Cleaning requires a small brush so that grinds do not stay at the bottom, and they come right out. I could not be happier with this purchase, but then again, I use it only for what it was made to do, grind beans
Love it!. I was just using this whisk today thinking, "I should really review this on amazon because I love it so much."  I've had this whisk for several months now.  I bought it to use with my nonstick calphalon pot.  I was a little skeptical about how it would work since it doesn't resemble a normal whisk but I like the design of this whisk better that a "normal" shaped whisk.  It's so comfortable to use and gets the lumps out of things so well.  I would rather use this whisk than a "normal" whisk.
Perfect eggs easy. Sure, its not that hard to boil a pot of water, but you still have to wait for the boil, time, etc. With the Oster you just put in a bit of water, eggs, press the button and walk away. The eggs come out better, faster, and I can do other things while they're cooking.
Great size. This is a great size for ice cream, salsa, etc.  The shamrock is a beautiful color
ice crusher. It is great for every refreshing drinks, i use it to make "halo-halo" (mix), mixture of sweetened beans,young coconut,flan,jackfruit etc. sweets, put them in a nice big glass then add crushed ice on top and milk mixed them all together....yummy!!!!!  the only thing that i find that can slow you down if you put too much pieces of big ice it will get stock so few piesec at a time..........
No Such Thing as Too Big!. Not only good for hot beverages, including that caffeine-overdose-sized morning coffee,  these mugs also make great soup, chili, ice cream and cereal bowls!  Add some color and fun to your kitchen with this great Fiestaware jumbo mug set
lunch bags. great product; great size; the zipper is a new bonus which is well usedand flexible enough to expand with larger lunche
Excellent slicer!. The Kyocera adjustable mandoline slicer is an excellent product! I have used mine for almost 1 year and have no major complaints, the only one being that Kyocera could have designed the guard to snap in place covering the blade for storage. I keep mine in the plastic "dome" that it was packaged in. It is definitely VERY SHARP, so use the guard. It will effortlessly slice any vegetable: onions, cucumbers, potatoes, carrots, etc.. Easy to use, no assembly, etc. Highly recommended
It's a lid. What can I say?...It fits perfectly over the pan and covers ALL the contents
So great I keep getting more and giving as gifts. I now own 3 of these.  We use them so often that they don't get washed before we want to use it again.  I have given them away to many members of my family and everytime I'm on Amazon, I'm tempted to buy more.Get one of these and you'll wonder how you got along before.  It is worth more than 5 stars
Great pot for the price. If like me you can't justify the expense of an  All-Clad product this it a great deal.  I quit using aluminum pots years ago when I saw how they reacted to high acid things.  I've also heard that aluminum may be linked to alzhimers.   Except for All-Clad this is the best stock pot I've ever used
Target console table. This is a great product for the money. WE purchased it to go in the family room with our other, more expensive furniture and it fits right in
Great product!. this waffler makes perfect waffles every time. Very easy to use and easy to clean.
Serta Memory Pillow. Purchased the pillow for my wife. It wasn't quite what she expected for sleeping at night, but she uses it while watching TV
usability. this mortat and pestle  do the jobi used them right away.. grinding up herbs.. they work wonderfully.  i have seen the same item for 39.99 for the setyour price seems to low.. but they do the job.thanksHarley Reinbol
I like it. Well I didn't even know what a duvet was until about a week before I purchased this.  So I'm obviously no expert on them.  It was nice and thick, almost thick enough to be a blanket by itself.I like the color and it fit my comforter just fine.The only issue I've had with it is that it leaves some green fuzz on the bed but I'm sure that is just because I haven't washed it yet.  Its not even much and only really shows up because I have it on white sheets, and I'm sure its my own fault for not prewashing it.It does its job and I'm satisfied with it
Best Handheld vac ever. I ended up buying this after a ton of research.  I used the reviews from amazon and epinions.  I have three dogs and they are allowed on the furniture.  I have bought every gizmo known to man to clean the sofas and have always been disappointed.When this arrived I broke it out and was amazed at how much dog hair and dust it was able to suck out of the sofa.  I use it for small floor rugs and all of our furniture and it hasn't let me down yet.I highly, highly recommend this
Big. These make fast work of clean up in my kitchen which is why I bought them. The thread on the seams came out on two of them. Other than that, they are a great value. I bought two packages.
Thought I'd never use this.....was I wrong!. I now own 3 of these platters.  (One is the halloween one!)  I use them constantly for entertaining.  The platter is large enough to put a pizza on, or stack deserts, just about anything.  It is easy to clean, as is mose fiesta, fits in my dishwasher, and looks great
hits the spot in cramped urban life. I hate buying more crap to fill up my tiny NYC apartment, but this was a fantastic buy.  I occupy 400 sq. feet of hardwood floors and dust always.  My place now feels consistently clean.  The floor vacuum works brilliantly on hardwood floors, and my girlfriend, who has smaller hands, loves the hand vac.I only wished this had HEPA filtering, but a consultation on the allergy website still had this highly rated for small spaces, and I think it's fine.One point no one's mentioned in the ratings:  the blue light on the stand is fairly bright, although pretty.  I'm not sure if I like it or not, though it does add to the general high quality of the product.  (I'm very impressed at the general design and construction of this, too--far better than I had anticipated.)This is the first vacuum I've ever owned, and until I move into some grand mansion, it'll we be the only one.  I'm a picky maximizer of a buyer, and the research paid off this time.Happy as a clam.
Nice perfprmer. The humidifier i have is delightful, you can wash the parts in the dishwasher when they need cleaning and the filter lasts quite a while if you turn it over every week
Great little broom. This is a neat and good product in my opinion and for the price it can't be beat. In between regular heavy floor cleaning it really helps picking up what's tracked in by pets and kids. I love it
Does the job. Very nice item, affordable.  Mine had a minor air bubble in it near the neck, but not big enough for me to return it.  No problem assembling it.  It is glass, so very sturdy.
Great collar for a great wireless fence system. We've had a PIF wireless fence system for about 3 years and it's always worked great for us. We recently added a second dog to the family and picked up an additional collar. Below is a comparison between the original PIF collars and this new one:Pros:- Lighter weight- Low battery indicator- Multiple correction levels- Easy to change the battery- Better range*Cons:- Uses a proprietary battery that I can't just go pick up at any store like I can the old collar (only a problem if you don't have a major pet store nearby-- which I don't).- More features, easily removable battery, might mean just more stuff to go wrong.- Better range*Ok, I listed "better range" as both good and bad, and it is. It's an improvement on the old collar, so if you're replacing or have a new fence system, that's great. If you're using this collar in conjunction with an old collar then you can expect one dog to have a slightly bigger (about 40ft diameter) roaming range then the other. We have a large yard so it's not an issue, but in a smaller yard, I can see where it could potentially become a problem.All in all, a great product, good, sound construction, and the PIF wireless system has been great for us. The new collar has some advantages and disadvantages to the original one that shipped with the system, but most of the changes are good. The collar (and the system itself) is definitely worth the money for its ease of use and for keeping your pet safe. Amazon has it cheaper than I've seen it anywhere else online
Everyday Stemware. I use these glasses every day. I used to have the same size/shape Riedel glasses, but these are *exactly* the same shape, and half the price. Also, the stem is just slightly thicker, so I don't break them nearly as often. They go right into the dishwasher, and come out looking perfect. I adore Spiegelau stemware
Mostly Love It!. This is my second one purchased.   My first one lasted 3 years.   My cat's weight has stabilized, and he doesn't wake me up for 3AM feedings.  The only thing I do not like, it's extremely hard to change the batteries
I finally found the perfect stainless steel steak knife set. I live in SW Florida. Everything down here rusts, even the nails in the walls. I am gradually replacing all my aluminum bakeware with stainless steel and have also been looking for stainless steak knives, having already found several good stainless steel paring and carving knives. Amazon has a deal I couldn't refuse. $90 steak knives for only $29.99. I bought two sets and I couldn't be happier. It will take some time to get used to their slim shape and lighter weight, after using big clunky steakhouse-style wooden-handle knives for so many years. My husband might not be as enthusiastic as I am about the smaller knives but they are sharp and classy looking and they cut meat very well. I will keep a couple of clunky ones in a drawer just in case. Some people want fancy boxes to keep theirs in and these come in an aluminum box with riveted corners and a fancy clasp, but I don't keep my knives in boxes. No storage room. I have a lot of stainless steel German knives and I consider them to be the best. I have magnetized bars attached to the wall behind my stove and all my stainless knives are there, handy and nice-looking. These will complete my collection of nice-looking knives on that wall, handy where I can just reach up and grab them. You just can't beat the price, but if you don't like them you can return them. Amazon is the best place I have found to buy everything I need for my kitchen, bar none. I will give these two shiny aluminum boxes to my grandchildren for their treasures
I bought this for my girlfriend. Great skillet for the money. I wanted a stainless skillet that you could grab a hold of the handle bare hands. So far I can grab the handle while using it on the stove, It sticks a little more than I thought, but  so far it has been a good value. I dont think anyone who likes cooking with stainless will be disapointed.
great powerhead and filter. The quickfilter and powerhead combo really clear up your tank after a water change. I highly reccomend this combo
Great purchase. After recently returning to school, I was quickly reminded how tough reading textbooks is on one's neck, especially while trying to take notes at the same time. After looking at several other book stands, this seemed to be the best choice. I haven't had any trouble with my textbooks - both hardcover and softcover. Even if you're not experiencing neck pain from reading, it's a good idea to create a more ergonomic study space for yourself. It also should be especially useful for those working on smaller desktops that need to have a notebook or binder open as well. I'm sure this stand could also be useful when retyping documents as well
fresh water for kitty. This was a great purchase for me & kitty.  He would search the house for fresh water, waiting under faucets and licking pipes, regardless of how fresh his bowl was.  This satisfies his craving & the relatively small, blue fountain fits into my kitchen nicely..
Best coffee maker ever. I have found this to be the best I have ever owned.  My daughter had gotten one and finally my old one conked out and I just had to have a Bunn also.  I envied my daughter's ability to make coffee in literally three minutes.  I used to only have 12-cup capacity pots but there is no need for it now.  The best is that you can always have a "fresh" cup of coffee and it is always hot. It makes a "clean" cup of coffee easily and efficiently.  We are thrilled with this product and highly recommend it anyone and everyone.  This will be our brand of coffee maker forever
Heavy Duty Workhorse. This "egg" slicer is great! Not only does it slice eggs, it also slice mushrooms perfectly. Much better than a food processor and more even slices than by hand (and quicker too). I used this slicer to slice the mushrooms for a pork dish for 150 people and it was quick and the slices were all uniform and neat.Heavy duty too. Well worth the price
Love this light weight vacuum cleaner!. It's so easy to handle. Easy to switch from the floor vacuum to the accessory hose. It's small enough to get into corners and close to walls.  Seems to suck up dirt well
Life Saver. We have 2 Shiba Inu's and couldn't live without Nature's Miracle.  It's fantastic for removing odors from accidents on carpets.  I've used it in our steam cleaner for general carpet cleaning and in the laundry to wash pet bed covers.  It has removed every single odor problem that we've had.  We're hooked and would never even consider trying another product
Hopefully they will "break in". These sheets look and feel rich...but not necessarily soft.  Because they are so thick, I think they may take a few washings and a lot of fabric softner to soften them up.  I would never pay the $600 full price for these - but on clearance they are a deal
Plate Review. These were replacement plates for some we had purchased several years ago, but lost through wear and tear.  the order came through quickly, and safely, which was important since it was fragile china.We are VERY happy with the quality of the product as well as the quality of both the price and the service.Thanks,Pat & Conni
Handle Moung Grill Light. I purchased this light as a gift for my husband and he loves it
Very Nice dishes. My wife and I registered for these for our wedding, and we've been happy withthem. The mild colors match most everything else.The dishes are all very heavy and sturdy, glazed very well everywhere except for the "foot" at the  very bottom (as typical for stonewear.)We've gotten several sets and individual pieces, and the colors and glazing isall very consistent among them.They stack very well in the cabinets, and don't seem susceptible to scratchingone another.The dinner plates are fairly large for our dishwasher, but they seem to fit. Ourdishwasher has an adjustment for the spacing between the upper and lowerracks, which was useful for these. The bowls, &c. fit fine
Ok. Not the highest quality but not the lowest either, fine for the purpose and the price. It's about the equivalent of what I could have gotten from my restaurant supply store
Nice gift...looks good and works great. I was very pleased with the 10 piece cookware set.  It really heats evenly and cleans up easily
Great inexpensive stock pot for a journeyman cook. This pot is exactly as advertised: a large, servicable pot for stocks and soups. It's not as heavy as a brand name might be, but it's not as expensive as a brand name certainly would be. In keeping with the budget theme, you'll need to download the care instructions from Amazon's Pinzon page, but they're good instructions. The pot worked well, is reasonably light, and cleaned very easily, even after I browned meat in the bottom.
Perfect Durable Solid Wood Spoon - Perfect in Every Way. This OXO Good Grips Large Wooden Spoon is PERFECT in every way -- constructed of solid wood, with durable handle and no weak spots where inferior wooden spoons snap, this ergonomically designed spoon endures serveral hard mixings of Christmas cookie dough, and all other essential kitchen duties for heirloom wooden spoons.  This wooden spoon performs reliably, durably, and with sufficient strength left in one's hand for placing cookies on cookies sheets as well!  This spoon is a "really good thing" for everybody's gourmet kitchen!  GREAT JOB, OXO designers
My favorite wine, my favorite wine glasses. I received the Riedel Syrah glasses as a gift after lusting after them for  ages. I now wish I'd just bought them for myself. My husband and I did a  side-by-side tasting of a yummy Rhone in our regular glasses and in the  Riedels. No comparison, the Riedels are great. Plus, they're beautiful
2-QUART STEAMER. This steamer works great and is a good size for everyday use for a couple or small family.  I used to use one of the folding steamers but got tired of the difficulty of removing it and the steamed food from the pan.  This style of steamer works well, and the Revere brand is a good product at a good price
Good value. This is the identical product which my vet prescribed and sold to me -- only a LOT cheaper
Orgainized!. I saw this shelf at a friends house and thought it was a great idea!  It does a nice job at organizing small pieces and parts of toys while having them in view, so my son can grab the bin he wants.Assembly literally took 10 minutes, but was easiest with two people.The only thing we didn't like is the whole thing is so light, we had to anchor it to prevent my child from pulling it down on himself
Reconditioned Kitchen 5-Quart mixer. I am very pleased with this mixer.  It is just as I requested. Received in excellent condition.  The performance reaches all of my expectations in a KitchenAid appliance.
A Keeper!!. I'm embarrassed to say how many coffeemakers I've tried and taken back.  I'm happy to say my Braun is the best of the best.  I love how it looks, it's sturdy, coffee is piping hot and strong, just like my husband and I like it!  Five Stars for this one.... at last!  Try it, you'll like it!
An AC Powered Booklight!. I have tried a number of different battery-powered booklights and they all go through batteries in about 5 minutes.  This light can be purchased with an AC adapter, eliminating the need to constantly replace batteries.  It is bright enough to clearly illuminate the pages of your book, stays where it's clipped and reasonably adjustable.  I love it
I like it!. It's lightweight, easy to clean and looks nice on the counter. Nice "stop over" for scraps on their way out to the compost
An Essential for Family of Four or More. This is a big saucepan!  I got it for Christmas because I needed a large saucepan shape with a long handle to make pralines.  This has become my favorite pot for many things; from cooking pasta to whipping up a large pot of chili on a cold night.  The see-through lid is great for monitoring food as it's cooking, and the second loop handle gives stability when carrying and pouring.  It is traditional Calphalon quality with a modern look, and I love it
Worth every cent. Does everything claimed and is useful for many things
Good product. This is a really nice, attractive mill.  Just remember: It doesn't come with pepper, so when you order it for someone for Christmas, buy the pepper, too
Good Mugs, excellent price but... I like the product, the capacity and the price. The mugs really keep my coffee hot. The only problem I found is the handle: it's weak and can be bended easily towards the mug body. I like the steady handles of the expensive mugs.These mugs are great to give away as a gift!!
Immediate Ahhhhhh!. When these sheets arrived, I put them in the washer and dryer and then made the bed.  My husband and I both upon going to bed that night went ahhhhh!  These are soft and wonderful.  What a Deal
Terrific. This is a terrific item - I wonder why no one's made a microwaveable steamer basket to put inside other micro-ware?  Anyway, this is of usual Pyrex quality and design, at an affordable price.  Can't beat that
Great Pressure Cooker. I love it!  It is easy to use, cooks food fast and everything tastes great.  I highly recommend it
Your dog will stop pulling on the leash Immediately!. This product is a God send for those people who have a dog that pulls on the leash and thereby making walking the dog a struggle!  Dogs naturally will tug against restraint.  Former methods of using a choke collar or even worse a harsh coller that will cut into the dogs neck if it pulls are cruel in my opinion as is the method of jerking the dog back if it pulls.  Dogs do not like to have thier heads turned if they pull.  They will IMMEDIATELY stop pulling!  I admit that initially my dogs didn't like the collar over the nose, but that passes quickly.  This is not a muzzle in any way.  It gently and humanely stops the tugging and you will have happy walks!  This product is a blessing!  You will love it
Excellent Product. I am extremely allergic to mold.  I placed the purifier in my bedroom at night and in the living room during the day.  It works wonders.  It can be a little loud on the high setting; but I only use that setting when I'm not home or when I'm cleaning.  The lowest setting is like a light white noise.  After a few moments I completely forget it's there.  I recommend this product.  The filters are about $35 so be ready for added expenditures
Great starter fish tank. I have been using it for over a month and I love it. The only disadvantage is that this tank is made of plexiglass which scratches more easily than glass, so you have to be careful when you add gravel.Eclipse 6 has mechanical and chemical filtration, plus biological filtration. The mechanical and chemical filters are enclosed in one easily replaceable unit. Replacements can be found easily at your local Petco or online. (Cost: about $3 per month.) The biological filter (biowheel) never needs replacement.I replaced the light that this system comes with a Hagen, and plants grow fine under that light.Just remember to not add too many fish in the beginning. It takes about 4 weeks for beneficial bacteria to establish on the biowheel. Until this happens the water will have too much ammonia, which kills fish. To kick start the bilogical cycle you  have to add some fish. Add a couple of livebearers (platy, guppy, molly etc, but never goldfish). The ammonia level will increase then go down after about 3 to 4 weeks. After this you can add more fish
Finally found it!. Just what I was looking for, it is an odd sized cover that is hard to find.  Great quality also
Its a Coat Rack. It isn't exaclty what i expected.  But it works.  It looks nice.  And holds a lot of coats and doesn't tip over.  It serves its purpose.  Are there better quality coat racks?  yes.  But for this price, its worth it
Great organizer. This jewelry organizer is very handy and takes up no room in my closet. It makes it so easy to accessorize in the mornings. I'm really glad I bought it - no more misplaced earrings
good buy. Our motley collection of cheap knives used to be strewn all over the bottom of our utensil drawer.  When I got a set of very expensive Wusthof knives for my birthday, I knew we needed a better storage solution.  I've never been a big fan of knife blocks because they take up valuable counter space so an in-drawer solution seemed like the way to go.  I was right.  This well designed knife tray has turned out to be a handsome addition to our kitchen.  It stores up to 12 knives (6 small and 6 large) and even has a slot for a knife sharpener. The best part is that we no longer have to worry about cutting our fingers everytime we reach in to grab something out of the utensil drawer
Gonna miss sea mist. One of the criteria in this family for what color to stock up on is how it looks under Mexican food. Sea mist and rose are two of the best, so we're building up our stock before they are discontinued at the end of the year. This set is a great way to prevent public double-dipping -- just have a lot of these in the pantry so everyone can double-dip guilt free
Excellent Machine. I have owned this machine for 20 years and love it.  1 motor repair & 1 new bowl are all the additional $$ I've spent on the machine.  I use it daily to process everything from cake batter to bread to grating cheese.  It is an indispensable item in my kitchen
Nice. I purchased this originally as a "filler".  I have found that it performs very well--is well-balanced, and very sharp.  This is a nice quality knife
great value. I bought this Braiser for myself.  It is perfect for a commercial stove as the handles are metal and will not melt
Very nice set. I bought this set for my daughter and she loves it
Santa Fe 4-Piece Place Setting. This dinnerware is excellent. The colors are vibrant and make the table setting spectacular
Love the Waffle Stick maker!. We saw this item and thought it would be great for grandkids.  It is easy to use, waffles do not stick. It works well with either homemade waffle batter or ready-made just add water type.  Nice looking and stores compactly. Very happy with this product
Great mug!. This is probably my favorite mug. It easily holds about twice as much as a regular coffee cup. It comes with a plastic splash guard that locks into place down inside the rim. The best thing about the mug though is the wide grippy bottom that enables me to set it just about anywhere in my car without worrying that it will tip over. Even hard corners don't seem to phase it. It's also the only cup in my house that can withstand my cat's efforts to tip it over.The odd shape also has downsides though. It won't fit in any cup holder I've ever come across, but that doesn't matter much since it won't tip over no matter where you set it. If you don't rinse it out immediately, it can be difficult to clean later, due to the shape; if you don't have small hands, you may need a bottle cleaning brush. Also, I imagine if you had more than one of these mugs, they'd be awkward to store since this mug tends to hog the cabinet space. Despite this, it's still a great mug. In fact I'm going to need another since my husband has now adopted it as his favorite too
Bought these for my mom. I got these for my mom because they were a nice add on to the Nikko set she already had.  I don't know what I'll buy her this coming Xmas, because she is tough to shop for.  I think I might break a few plates just so I can buy her this set again.
my little black box rocks. sanyo products are generally pretty good but i was concerned by the other reviews that talked about bad packing.  feeling lucky, i ordered anyway.  the packing is fairly skimpy but mine was unscathed.  no problems. really.  boy, this is much nicer than the photos suggest and it keeps things nice and cool.  i haven't had freezing problems because i keep at midpoint.  you can put a lot of stuff in this little guy! i use it in my office and love it.  of course, there was a small sang:  the freezer door needed to be placed back in the groove.  it was hanging loose, though taped.  luckily it worked out fine
DeLonghi Excellence !. The DeLonghi Electric grinder that I purchased is of excellent quality and recomend it highly for not only coffee bean grinding, but for those who grind hot peppers into powder, I found it excellent for both. A definate great buy
Excellent coffeemaker - but doesn't last too long. This is my third one of these coffee makers in about 3 years.  Reliability is definitely questionable - either the computer quits, or the heating element in the pot breaks.  And if you accidentally set the timer while leftover cold coffee is still in the pot, you can wake up to a big mess of spilled coffee all over the place.So why did I buy another one?  Because I love the flavor that this pot brews up.  The vacuum-sealed way of brewing coffee cannot be beat.  The mess and the breakage are worth it to me.  I even bought this one before I needed to, to have it on hand.  And sure enough the old pot gave up the ghost just this morning.
Awesome vaccum cleaner. I was going to spend around $400 for a Dyson Animal.  I sure am glad I didn't!  This vaccum is wonderful.  It's easy to empty, and it even gets the weaved in dog hair off my sofa.
Best All Around. I have a vacuum on each of 3 floors, both upright and canister.   In the past 3 years I have replaced all the canisters with the Breeze Bagless Canister.Great suction and light weight.   Couldn't be more pleased.   In fact, I have purchased one for my daughter-in-law and two for my daughter.
Cool utensil crock!. I don't like those cutsie utensil crocks with little pale prints of flowers, roosters, fruits and things like that. Also don't like those made out of resin or plastic/nylon (they are corny) nor the stainless steel ones (they suit better industrial kitchens). This one is just perfect, fits all my kitchen utensils (check on my customer image above) and doesn't take to much space on my countertop. I don't feel the need of those bucket size ones. Plus it cleans up well, well. I love it
ON/OFF Switch could be improved. Unit is small and compact. The hand control is compact as well with a belt clip which is handy. The price is fair but a bit high. It has both sound and shock options. We have been successful with the sound virtually 100% of the time with our Golden Retriever. The only drawback is the on/off indicator. You press a very small button and if it is being turned on-the LED blinks twice. When you press the same button again--to turn off- it blinks 3 times. The LED should stay lighted when in use and blank when off. Otherwise you really don't know if it is on or off and you could drain down the batterys. It would have gottene 5 stars otherwise.
Works great and easy to store. This knife sharpener works really well.  I threw away my sharpening steel that came with my knives!  If you are as inept at using a sharpening steel as I am this  little sharpener is for you.  It will keep your knives razor sharp with very little effort and folds up neatly when not in use
Love these bowls. I love the quality, style and colours available with the soup bowls.  Combined with the other pieces of Emile Henry I have purchased this is the best set of casual dinnerware I've owned.
Best Dog Behavior Modification device. The Premier collar was the best solution to help my dog restrain from barking without any injury to him!!  He learned within a few days while on walks to stop barking at other dogs, when wearing the collar.  I didn't want to use the shock method, but my groomer told me about the Premier Citronella collar to aid in his training.  We got good results!
Great product. I used this product to dehydrate pineapple, apple slices, grapes, and bananas.  It took about 12 hours for the pineapple but everything else took probably about 9 hours.  I think someone else commented that it is noisy but while it does make a whirring sound, it was not something that was distracting at all, more like if you had a fan on in your house.  The unit has four shelves and held enough fruit to make about a quart-size baggie worth of dried fruit.  (Actually probably a bit more, I didn't completely use all the space)  The fruit was great.  Particularly for the price, I am very satisfied with this product
Keeps it Hot. I make coffee for the folks at work because the coffee in themachines is nasty. It tastes like it's cut with barn clutter.We got a surplus cabinet and I put this Zojirushi airpot into it. Asian friends always seem to have one in their kitchens and the liquid pumped out always looked quite hot even though they filled the airpot the evening before. They said, "Look for the airpot that has the elephant logo." I did. I bought one from Amazon and it was here in two days. We couldn't be happier.------------------------------------------------------------Some hints to keep the coffee hottest: Fill airpot with water just under boiling temp to preheat while you are brewing. Get a Pyrex microwaveable 2 qt. measuring cup. Microwave your coffee to just under boiling and pour into pre-heated airpot. This will keep your coffee steaming all night. Do not heat your coffee in a pan on the stove. You'll get a bitter burnt taste. Microwaving in glass doesn't have that disadvantage.---------------------------------------------------------We had to use an airpot because hot plates on coffee brewers are not allowed in our workspaces. The airpot was the perfect solution. Don't buy an inferior airpot from another company. Most are only rated 4 hours. This lasts all night.The 2 litre container holds 18 cups of coffee. I may have to get a bigger airpot because good coffee goes fast.----------------------------------------------------------Coffee:  Be picky about your coffee. The longer coffee sits in any container gives it time to get bitter. Avoid any coffee with a hint of bitterness. It will only tend to get more bitter. I've tried several brands and have discarded many for bitterness. Don Francisco Columbian is good with a medium price. Stater Brothers Columbian has been pretty popular, and many specialty Arabicas taste pretty clean. Listen to your co-workers comments about thecoffee you brewed that particular day. Make note.------------------------------------------------------------Warning: Airpot will leak if tipped. It is not leakproof. Whentransporting by car, make sure airpot is well blocked-in to prevent tipping. Keep it upright
more than meets the eye. This pillow looks simple enough, but there must have been a lot of research put into inventing it!  The DogBone (medium size, about 16"w--i don't remember specific dimensions) instantly relieved many aches i had in my neck without forcing me to lie down in a flat position (which often gives me a headache and makes it impossible to read while lying down).  I'd been to the doc quite a few times for the back/neck problems i've had lately, but no Rx worked quite as well as this delightful cushion.  My only issues with it are cleaning (stuffing's packed very tight, so i'd rather not try it out in the washer for fear of mold/mildew; i spray it with disinfectant every once in a while instead) & the outer material (an optional moisture-wicking or allergen-reducing pillowcase would be nice).  However, I bought it based on earlier reviews, and I don't regret it
almost perfect design. I needed a  cabinet door mounted wrap holder to free up the drawer space that was holding my wrap and baggie boxes. I wanted a holder that was at least 6 inches deep and thought this one would be perfect-- and indeed it was almost perfect-- as it was easy to mount, the chrome wire is beautifully finished and attractive as well as sturdy. The boxes of plastic wrap and aluminum foil fit fine, but I couldn't fit my boxes of sandwich-, quart-,and gallon-size bags into it because they were too wide (about 4-6 inches wide) to fit into the 2 lengthwise divided sections of the wrap holder which were each 3 1/4 inch deep. The solution was simple-- my husband used his steel saw to cut off the 2 chrome bars that divided it into 2 sections and voila-- I had a single holder 6 1/2 inch deep that holds all my boxes comfortably and attractively. Sure, it would have been nice to buy a holder that did not need to be modified, but I could not find any that had the depth I needed except for this one and it was easy enough to modify it so that I am very satisfied with it.
Nice, dont have to worry anymore!. Now I dont have to worry about if I have enough filters for this year! I bought 2 packs, now im good for a full year!!!! The best filters goes with the best vacuum!
Been using for 4 months now, no problems. I waited awhile before deciding to write a review for this item because I wanted to see how the machine would perform. I'm not an expert sewer and I mostly do light sewing, a lot of hemming and alterations and items for around the house. I've made a couple of garments on this machine as well. I haven't had any trouble with it at all. It's easy to use and it was an easy transition for me to this machine from my old one. I've used it on various fabrics, from denim to lace and I think it was worth the money we spent on it. I wasn't totally surprised that a lot of the parts are now plastic. At least I can lift it! I remember how heavy my mother's old machine was. The machine provides a great service to me however, so I don't mind the plastic components. I did buy new bobbins though. Plastic bobbins, I don't particularly like. I also don't use the threader bec I just never got into that habit. I love that it can make different decorative stitches too and I've only started playing with those. So far, I don't regret having bought this machine at all
best laptop desk ever. the best laptop desk I've ever found; if you get size larger than your laptop, you'll have space at side with amazingly good surface for an optical mouse; whole thing is very sturdy & well constructed, even though it's very lightweigh
The perfect Christmas gift. Taking soups & stews to work as a foundation of a homemade meal was a problem until I discovered this mug. We saved more in the first week of taking lunch than we spent on a four-pack from Ace Hardware outlet. There's just nothing else like it on the market, and it disappeared recently from all the stores
Nice Antique look. The set was not as yellow as the pics indicate they are, but still a good neutral color that will accomodate any kitchen/dining decor. I love the antique look - each piece has different markings. Just what I was looking for.
the best vaccum - you will never go wrong!. Aesthetically designed, yet a space saver, the Miele S4210 Carina is the best buy for a vacuum cleaner.  Its suction power is endless and its ease of use makes vacuuming an enjoyable chore.  I could not be any happier
Quality Pie Plate at a great price!. I am sold on this bakeware!  There's nothing like baking in a solid, heat-retaining product that cooks evenly and this is it!  I like the larger size because it can be used for some of my other casserole dishes. I also like a substantial pie that feeds several.  I wish I had more room to house some of the other products!
Tend Skin, Solution 2 made of the same stuff. I've used both Tend skin and Solution 2.  They are both basically the same stuff, acetylsalicylic acid (aspirin), alchohol, and water.  They both work equally effective for me.  I dislike the Solution 2 because of the mint scent to it, I wear cologne and it tends to over power my cologne.  So Soution 2 gets 4 out 5 from me, if you like the mint scent, get it.  The roller for the solution 2 is ingenious, it is so much easier to apply with that.  I just can't get over the scent, so I'm stickign to tend skin
Super Great!. This bowl is very durable and I love the different colors that it comes in.  The bowl is dish washer and microwave safe and my kids have banged them in the sink what seems like hundreds of times.  We basically use them for eating cereal but have used them for eating ice cream, popcorn, nachos, etc.  I love these bowls and am going to buy a set of Fiestaware for my mom
Smooth as Honey. Wonderful machine!  Beautiful stitches and so easy to use. My thirteen year old granddaughter loves using it
Bouble Burner Reversible Nonstick Griddle. This is a wonderful cooking piece. I've only used the Grill side so far. I cooked steaks and they turned out great. I would purchase this item again and give as a gift.
Beautiful, nice quality. I ordered these without seeing them first, and was very pleased with the product.  The glasses are nicely-shaped, and have an elegant, light feel.  They are larger than I exepcted, but wonderful for letting a red wine open up.  They shipped with no problems
Funky little drinkware set. This drinkware set is the pride and joy of my Fiestaware collection. It flaunts the retro art deco design that I love about Fiestaware. The pitcher is the perfect size for the 4 tumblers with refills. And the pitcher is extremely easy to clean, a lady can get her hand in there no problem. This is a must have Fiestaware set!NOTE: I read so many reviews from people who received broken dishes when ordering Fiestaware from Amazon. The shippers must've really changed their packing techniques because every piece of Fiestaware that I've received when ordering directly from Amazon has been packed with much care and a lot of cardboard bumpers. Not a broken dish (knock on wood)
Ice Cream maker. It was not the redwood style I had hoped for, but the wood is bonded securely together and the motor has plenty of strength.  It shuts off when done as advertised.An excellent product for the money!!George A. LeibengoodEast moline, Illinoi
This particular Bacon Press alone is worth the price!. I have had this very Bacon Press for many years and I would not trade it for anything.  I have seen others that are &quot;flimsy&quot; in comparison.  I have never used it to cook bacon, though I'm sure it works well.  I use it for &quot;grilling&quot; bagels in my Lodge fry pan.  Heat the pan, melt a &quot;pat&quot; of butter, slice the bagel, put the exposed surfaces of the bagel face down in the pan and set the Bacon Press on top.  You won't believe how quickly and evenly it toasts the bagel surface to perfection, while leaving the rest soft and fresh. Hot, delicious and ready for any toping of your choice.  Now that, my friend, is how to eat a bagel!
Great bowls!. I love these bowls and the price is fantastic.  They will have many uses - the colors are very nice - the lids fit nice and tight and are quite sturdy.  A must have for anyone who has the Sango Nova set
Beautiful Dishes. The picture does not do these dishes justice.  I purchased these dishes as a gift for a new bride that had picked them out.  I didn't think that I would like the pattern, but once I got the dishes, I fell in love with them.  I would like to order them for myself.  The green is a beautiful shade, and I love the birdhouses.  I believe that anyone would love these dishes
CRAZY sharp!!!. My wife wanted a Santoku knife and after some research, decided on the MAC Santoku knife.  Well balanced, light weight (compared to our Henckels series set), and so VERY sharp.  It feels like I am using a razor.  Slicing through tomatos, chicken, fruits, and the like are EFFORTLESS.Using my older knives in the house feels awkward and clumsy compared to the Santoku.  This knife is highly recommended since it feels great in my hands and does the cutting with minimal effort
Nice Wok. Well made, cooks excellently; wooden handles would be nicer than metal as they remain cool.. The low price is great
Finally, a blender that really makes a first class smoothie!. After trying out three "lesser" blenders, I decided to spend a little more to see if I could find one that does it all - blending fruit, chopping ice thoroughly, etc without having to shake it or periodically stop the process to stir the ingredients.  Not only does this baby do it all, but it does it *quietly* and quickly.  Yes, it costs a bit more (though one can buy this model with or without the second stainless steel container).  But it does what it promised, with no fuss whatsoever.  Not only that, but the design allows for very quick cleaning/rinsing, with no exposed seams that are difficult to clean.Add to that the cool, simple styling and very solid-feeling control dial.  I'm a tough one to please, but I highly recommend this blender
Pillow sham unavailable. I was excited about this product until I discovered the matching pillow shams were completely unavailable. I never did find anything to match, so I felt pretty frustrated. The duvet itself fit well over my comforter and is very warm. I was happy overall with the purchase
Great Product. I'm enjoying this humidifier.  It was bigger than I thought it would be, but I found a space perfect for it.  I don't have anything else to compare it to, but it does what it should.  I keep it in the bedroom and turn it on a few hours before turning in.  I definately feel the difference in the room.  The sound is quiet and soothing.  Once in a while it will vibrate, but I just bump it or reposition the cover and it's good to go again
I Like It, I Love It... I read the mixed reviews but I really liked the design so I ordered this coffee table and two of the matching end tables.  I had all three pieces put together in an hour and a half.  It was the easiest furniture assembly I've ever done.  I don't know why anyone thinks they are wobbly or "unsturdy" as I found that when put together according to the directions, they are neither.  My only complaint is that I think the silver screws are too soft and the heads easily stripped, but I'm flexible and I got around that.
Works like a charm. I purchased one of these to see if it would be better than doing it by hand... boy is it ever.  It works even better than I'd hoped.  Clean up is about as easy as can be expected.  My only complain would be that the container is plastic; metal or glass would hold a chill better, making for better foam.  But if you want, you can use a different vessel (metal or glass) and that would work fine, so my complaint is pretty minor
Razor sharp and beautiful balance. Having been a Sabatier fan all my life, I was a little skeptical when I saw some of my chefs using these Japanese knives, but having handled them I decided to try one at home. I love this knife. It is beautifully balanced and takes an edge easily. I use it all the time and will get around to getting some larger ones when I can afford them! Right now, this is my all purpose knife for all veg prep and sundry general slicing and paring. It is no good for chopping, though they make plenty that are. Highly recommended
Worth more than the price. Simply put, this knife if well worth the cost.  If you are a professional, a student, or someone who just loves to cook, you will find this knife a valuable addition to the kitchen.  Just one thing, the description states that this knife is dishwasher safe.  If you are going to purchase a knife this good, PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE don't chuck it in the dishwasher.  It deserves to be hand washed and dried
Very nice quality!. The shower curtain is very nice and high quality, but I have seen similiar elsewhere for much less expensive
very good deal on these. very high quality feel to the sheet set. it feels very luxurious. i cant wait to get into bed when these sheets are on.the celery color is realy pretty; would love to get this set in another color! even thought about buying a set for my mother.i dont buy sheets very often, but im glad i bought these.
Perfect for apartments and small houses. We live in a cottage with a dog, and the indoor air quality was getting so bad that I couldn't breathe at night (and I don't have allergies to anything). The old canister vac was pretty ineffective, and the worn-out cord was a fire hazard.This canister vac, while a little expensive for the price tag, is such a fantastic replacement. I debated going down to Sears or Target and just picking up a hundred dollar vac like I've done many a time before, but they always disappoint me.The operation of the Carina is smooth and extraordinarily quiet (the dog no longer hides when the vacuum is running). I upgraded to the optional HEPA filter and the exhaust air, while not pine-fresh, smells clean. A few basic attachments were enough to get window sills, shelves, crown molding, and floors done. It picked up enough dirt, dust, and dog hair that I can finally sleep soundly at night.There's just one problem, which I have seen mentioned elsewhere -- short power cord (hence 4 stars instead of 5). This machine isn't going to work as well in suburbia; it's a compact machine for compact spaces, and probably more suitable for urban dwellers. I had to replug when moving from the kitchen to the bedroom, but otherwise, it worked great
What a B-day gift!. Well, what a Birthday Gift.  My wife and I both get b-day money and I knew this is what I wanted.  I had a small grinder with a plastic receiving dish and it was of such poor design that the vibration during operation caused the receiver and the lid to the top to crack and start loosing small slivers and pieces.  It was also as loud as a F-15 going over the house.  The plastic receiver also was messy since the combination of plastic and the speed of the grinder creates static cling - that was the worst thing about it.  In short, I hated it.I told you about my previous grinder so you would know why I love my new Kitchenaid.First of all, this thing is 15 lbs of shipping weight.  My other grinder would barely top 1 lbs.  The quality in construction is just remarkable.  The glass receiver and top bowl is THE reason KA (Kitchenaid) had my attention.  From the minute I started looking for a grinder to compliment my Starbucks Anniversary French Press I knew this was what I wanted.  I just didn't see any brand or style out there to do everything this model does.Second, the burr is not at F-15 speed therefore you don't overheat your beans loosing the flavor you are so dearly paying for.  The sound, due to the controlled RPM of the burrs, is gentle on the ears.  It sounds more like a KA blender than a coffee grinder.  With my small grinder I have easily woke up my children in the next room, so this was a nice bonus. KA also gives you a small burr brush so after the grinding is done for the most part you can knock some of the loose particles on down into the burr, this is nice and useful as well.Third, the dial is almost the size of your hand, so it is easy to turn.  On my old one it was pain in the rear and I never could remember where I was at on the dial, leaving it up to a bit of guessing on my part.  This is clearly marked to eight and is in half increments.  So you have 16 positions on the grind.  This is just good sense.The next thing was the switch.  The first thing my wife noticed coming out of the box was the switch.  When you flip it, it snaps to attention!  It just feels "commercial grade!"The last is the documentation.  Ladies and gentlemen, they sent a DVD with this grinder that has video "how-to" operations on the entire pro-series from KA.  Not only that, the manual - which you should read - is remarkable and classy looking.  You won't mind leaving it on the counter for a few days until you get to know your grinder.This is the greatest purchase in my quest to make great coffee.  Just last week I purchased a nice $200 coffee machine and put a water filtration system on my kitchen sink to stop the hard water (tested at 14 grounds per gallon and a 8.5 Ph) from ruining the taste.  Those steps were great, but I could tell on the first cup this morning what a real difference a properly grinded coffee ground made to a great cup of coffee
As Good As Le Crueset (Now - NOT). This is an excellent item. It cleans up well, and I have used it in the oven only at this point. I bought the red version and the interesting thing is, that as it heats, the red color darkens. When it cools down, it goes back to it's original color. It is less expensive than the Le Crueset, but so far, just as good.Well, I'm changing my mind. Also my fault. Read the fine print and NEVER, NEVER, NEVER EVER let it get near the stove. Imagine if you will a pot filled with chicken grease/soup stock. It exploded. Big mess. I like the Le Crueset better still and all
So useful!. I bought this as a college student tired of having to steal everyone else's hot water. Works great - just fill it, plug it in and forget it! It's virtually silent, and it's great for tea when you're writing essays all night long
THE ONLY KNIFE SET YOU WILL EVER NEED. Can't beat the quality. Everything you will ever need to make the meals in the kitchen
Something for the Whole Family. I was amazed to find such a great quality pillow for this price.  We now have 8.  Soft, fluffy and very comfortable.  Everyone loves them.  Great communication from Sportsman and fast shipping.  Am very pleased all the way around
Attractive and useful casserole dish. Cast iron usually isn't my first choice of cookware for several reasons: it isn't non-stick; it's heavy (I have tendonitis in my hands); and it can't go in the dishwasher. Thankfully, Lodge's new enamel-coated line takes care of most of these issues!I recently got my hands on one of their two-quart enamel-coated casserole dishes for review, in apple green. I love the wide, shallow design. After all, many casseroles wind up with browned, crusty toppings--which are the best part!--and this allows more of the casserole to come out that way. I also find this a little easier to lift, particularly because of the wide handles, although you definitely need both hands and I still let my husband move it in and out of the oven for the most part.Two quarts is barely enough for most casseroles, I find; I usually prefer dishes that are two and a half quarts just because they allow a little more room for error and help to avoid spill-overs. However, I think most reasonably-sized casseroles will fit in this.The quality of the enamel coating is part of what I love most about Lodge's enamel-coated line. In the past I've used Le Creuset enamel-coated cast iron (bought quite a while ago, so if they've improved their coating in recent years I can't address that) and it was definitely inferior. It wasn't as slick, so it didn't clean as easily nor release food as easily. It also didn't stand up all that well to metal utensils. In contrast, it's hard to imagine this coating wearing down any time soon. We made cornbread in it and it slid out of the pan without any help at all.I love the way this pan heats evenly, holds heat and keeps a casserole warm until you come back for seconds, releases food with ease, and cleans like a charm despite the fact that you should wash it by hand. It's elegant, the wide and shallow design is perfect for giving you more of the browned topping that's so delicious on most casseroles, and it makes the niftiest oval loaf of cornbread. What more could you want?Well okay, I wish it could go in the dishwasher on general principle, I wish they could come up with a way to make cast iron lighter for those of us with hand problems, and I wish it held just a little bit more. But in good conscience I can only take about half a point off for those, so consider my rating to be 4.5
Great Knife, but the description should be updated. Classic knife set. I love it. Before the purchase, you should expect 3" paring, 5" santuko, 6" utility instead of 4" paring, 7" santuko and 8" carving as the description said. Actually, what amazon sell matches the official henckels website product description, but amazon.com definitely need update their description.
Love them!. I absolutely love these flutes.  I had been looking at the Swarovski toasting flutes, but did not want to spend almost $300.  I was hestitant about these, but figured I would try them out.  The picture does them no justice.  They come in a beautiful box to store them in, and they are gorgeous.  I am so excited to use them for my upcoming wedding and highly recommend them to anyone
Old Dutch Rustic Bookshelf Pot rack. This pot rack is nicely made and offers good value for the price. I have a smallish, rustic, country kitchen and the wall mounting and size were perfect. I give this pot rack four stars because it comes with eight hooks and I have not been able to purchase additional hooks that match the ones that come with the pot rack-I need 10 hooks
Pretty Little Duo. I got these because I am officially addicted to the delicate beauty of the Butterfly Meadow line from Lenox. These are adorable and since they are curvy in design are easy to grip
Divatex Standare Sham-Sunlight. I received the shams, and was suprised with the colour.  These are almost a mustard yellow, not what I would call sunlight.  The picture shown reflects a lot of light, thus looking paler.  The quality looks to be good, and I did wash and iron them.  They do look good with my Bedspread (A Blue Laura Ashley Floral) and pick up the yellow in it.  For the price, I think they are a good buy.  It's nice to have a change now and again...
Solid. Very rich color.  Very solid and deep... great for cereal.  May be too heavy for young kids.
Great product. My son, who lives in Washington, uses these fans exclusively for air conditioning his house in the summer. We live in California, but bought this fan to help vent our computer room, which gets way too hot in the summer despite air conditioning. Because it either brings air in or vents air out and is thermostatically controlled, it works GREAT. We plan on buying 3 more next summer to keep our air conditioning bill down.
Best Pillow Ever. I have gone through several pillows in the past few years and use to wake up with a stiff neck and shoulders every morning.  I am very happy that I purchased the pillow.  It is easy to fill.  I tell everyone about it. I also purhased the cover for it and happy that I did.
Good starter glass. Made of lead crystal, Riedel glasses are designed to enhance the full potential of the wine being served.  Starting in the 1700's, the Austrian Riedel family has made the highest quality glassware. Each glass in their stemware line is designed around individual grapes, the wine created from them, and the flow of the wine onto the tongue--however I recommend these Chianti glasses if you are looking for one glass to use for all wines.  Cheers
Finally, my dogs get to exercise, this is a Godsend!. We have 4 extremely hyper, out of control dogs and live near the woods, so every time we tried to let the dogs out without a leash, they would be off like a flash after a squirrel or rabbit.  It would take us a long time to find them & get them home and we worried they would get in the road.  We purchased this system & in just 1 or 2 days, the dogs knew where they could go! Amazing!  The first day it made them a little nervous, but now they LOVE playtime in the yard.  My dogs were out of control before this, now when people walk or ride bikes past the house, the dogs just watch them go instead of chasing them down.  They rarely get shocked because they know exactly what the beeps mean.  I cannot say enough good things about this system.  My next door neighbors have been amazed as well.  They can let their dog out & my dogs no longer charge over because they know they cannot leave their yard.  This has really given our dogs the freedom to run & play and made life easier for us all.
It's BIG. Yep, this is a big pan.  But when you need something this big, nothing is better that we've tried
Razor sharp product!. This sharpener works great, and it is very easy to use. I'm buying them for my parents and in-laws now. The clamshell case is plastic, but surprisingly not as chintzy as I expected based on these reviews. The only question remaining for me is how long it will last... the documentation says it will decrease in effectiveness over time but it does not specify how long
Extremely Pleased. Gorgeous looking set of dishware, all packed securely and arrived in perfect shape. Looks even better then the pictures show. Shipping issues seem to have been cleared up, set arrived in 2 days with standard free shipping. Now I just need to figure out where to put everything
Fabulous Vacuum Cleaner Bags. Great transaction. Fast shipping, geniune Miele bags. Will purchase from this seller again
Bunnykins. I had a Bunnykins set like this as a child and loved that bowl.  I used it until it finally broke when I was away at college.  I just bought this set for by best friend's 3 year old as a birthday gift.  It makes for a nice gift and for me it was something sentimental to pass along
Clean-Away, Dual Pak, 12 OZ Non-Flammable Duster Spray. This is a good product for cleaning circuit boards and other electronics in areas you shouldn't touch.
Form and Function for the modern home. This chrome shelf is wonderful for the bathroom but would also work very well in the kitchen, to hold small appliances and clear your counters, in the living room for prized knick knacks or of coarse in the bathroom.  The chrome is quite modern, although chrome can fleck off easily.  This rack has held up better than I expected in the bathroom with the humidity.  Once assembled it is very sturdy and attractive
Excellent cookware-more product for the mony. I was very impressed with this cookware.  I was a little skecptical about the handles being stainless steel, because I thought they would be too hot to the touch while cooking.  However, I have had no problems picking up the pots or pans by the handle while they are still hot.  This is an exceptional buy for the money.
Also a Cat Toy!. I had a bored, lonely kitten who kept losing his tiny toys, so I got him a 6" Loofa Dog.  He loved it -- both to play with, and to snuggle up with for a nap.  His Loofa is still his favorite toy, and he won't let the grown cats near it.  Need to order another one... it's getting a little raggged
No need to spend one cent more. Even though I felt the low price on this cooker was suspect, I thought I would give it a chance.  I wasn't expecting it to last long or work well - boy was I wrong!!  I have used it several times a week for going on three years now, and it's still working flawlessly - try to say that about, well, probably any other small applicance in your entire kitchen.Everyone should have a rice-cooker - they're great time-savers, not to mention meal-savers.  Even people who can't boil water can make perfect rice every time.The reasons I love my Aroma cooker in particular are:1) It makes much less mess than others I've used (rice cookers tend to blurble starchy water around the rim while cooking, but the heavy glass lid of the Aroma, and the vent hole, keep it from spattering the counter)2) It shuts off automatically when it's done cooking, regardless of the type of rice used (I still have no idea how it "knows" there's brown rice that needs a longer cooking time in there, as opposed to jasmine rice which cooks faster - but it does!)3) It keeps the rice warm for hours if necessary without burning on the bottom or drying out4) The inner pot lifts out easily to clean.If I ever have to replace this little workhorse, I'll definitely replace it with another Aroma.  (I hope by then they make one in red!)
Not for amateurs. If you are a good cook this is a great tool. I've worked in many a kitchen that depend on this very slicer. It is lighter and cheaper than a french mandoline. You can simply hold it over a bowl and slice away, no setting up and easy to clean. If you are good with a knife you'll have no problem. This tool, however, is not for the clumsy or the inexperienced. The finger guard is useless so you had better know what you're doing. Tip: use to slice as much of the food item as you feel safe and finish the rest with a sharp knife.
Low tech, but great custom strength coffee. I've been using this little one cup "coffee maker" for years. They used to be so hard to find and it's nice to see they are widely available.  It's also easy to find the #2 filters in grocery stores now.  Basically you just heat up water, measure your coffee grounds into the filter that you place in the "coffee maker", place the "coffee maker" over your coffee cup,  pour hot water on the coffee, and voila- you have coffee. This item is simply a non-electric drip "coffee maker". The beauty part is that you can make the coffee as strong or weak as you want, and you can use any sort of grind of coffee or type of coffee.  I've taken this coffee maker on cruises so I can have coffee I like in my cabin. Try this coffee maker-it's not expensive and you can make a single cup of coffee to suit your taste
Good Solid Product. It does what it says and it does it well. It's easy to use and performs like a champ. I'm very pleased.For some reason Amazon shipped it in a box three times larger than needed. As a result the outside box was collapsed on the top (all that empty space and other boxes piled up on it in the truck) but the microwave box was undamaged
Goodbye Slugs, Hello Tomatoes. I have used the Topsy Turvy Tomatoe Planter for 3 seasons now, and will never, ever plant my tomatoes in the ground again.  This product is sturdy, simple to use, and produces beautiful fruit.  Because the plants grow toward the sun and never touch the ground, the slugs and other critters cannot ruin or run off with your produce.  As I have already stated, I have used the same bags for 3 seasons now, and have not had any problems at all.  I highly recommend this product
Deep bowls for cereal too. Sango stoneware has been great for us for everyday use. Good feel with smooth surfaces including the bottom so it doesn't scratch. I've built up a whole collection of Sango Gold Dust after seeing it at Bed Bath and Beyond. Pick up items on sale, no need to pay regular price.I found the bowls included with the dinner set to be very large, these "Ice Cream" bowls are just about right for regular use.  They are deep, sort of like an oversized mug but a little bit wider than that.  This item was delivered shattered the first probably due to very rough handling in shipping, so be sure to check the product shortly after delivery.  The replacement was just fine
Awesome Rack. This is the best pot rack!! I love it and is a bargain at that price. The metal is very sturdy, it's attractive, and really holds a lot of pots. It was a bit awkward to put screw in and the screws were chinsy and stripped, so we just used some higher quality screws that we had. This is perfect for a small kitchen and for storing pots and pans that you don't want to get all scratched up in a drawer.I highly recommend it!
Worked Great! With a little tweak. I ended up removing the easel back from this to get it to hang flat against the wall, which is what I wanted. Now it looks great and I have had no trouble with the magnets at all
The Greatest Invention!. My six month old son would not eat anything off a spoon or out of a bottle.  Finally I tried mixing baby cereal and putting it in this.  Then I mixed cereal and babyfood and/or mashed food.  He loves it!  No gagging either!  I'm here now buying the replacement bags
Cats Like It. Works for me: collects the fur and gets purrs . .
way cool. These are on sale at my local store for $160.00.  The price offered here is fantastic.  They come in several colors, the chrome being a bit more expensive because it looks finer than the plastic.  Red, black, white, and even apple green.  All but the chrome look are very plastic and look plastic up close, but dont be disappointed with that, because they still look awesome.  The red has the advantage of being blood colored.  I recommend these (Im a picky buyer too).  GREAT gift.  I'm glad I didnt buy a set at my local store
Kone-tastic. I recently purchased the Kone for use mainly in our kitchen.  I have a toodler who is a messy eater and the Kone cleans up her scraps quickly and easily.  The reason I didn't give it five stars is the nozzle's angle is a bit awkward at times, making it tough to fit into tight spaces.  I love the bright color and its sleek design.  People see it and ask what it is.  So happy I purchased it
Why buy anything else?. Pros- Easy to change bag.  (I consider bagless worthless.)- Much quiter than my previous Dirt Devil vacuum- Cleans better, too- Inexpensive (I paid $40 for a refurb)- Most trusted and reliable brand- Assembly instructions actually helpful- Spinning brush does not touch floor when upright (so it doesn't mar the rug if it's left running)- Reasonable cord length (not too long or short)- Just three attachents (who ever uses 12 on-board attachments?)- Light enough to carry up/down stairsCons- It takes some effort to get the hose back in- Headlight could be brighter- Cord is not auto-rewinding- Bags are smaller than Dirt Devil, though replacements are chea
Great pre-filters. These filters are great and are very easy to install.  I live in a house that gets dusty quick even without my 2 Australian Shepherds.  I even vacuum off (don't know whether Hamiltom Beach would approve though) the pre-filters every week or so.  The unit definitely catches a lot of the dog hair that floats through the air after I brush the dogs.  I've found that the pre-filter does a pretty good job of catching hair and dust before it even gets to the HEPA filter.
Housewarming gift... I purchased these as part of a housewarming gift for a friend's new home, and had them shipped to me so I could check & wrap them before forwarding them on... happily, they were very soft & of good quality.  Recipient also loved the towels and made mention of how soft & thick the cotton is.  Very nice quality items for this price!
Don't buy if you have small children. This is a nice table. The only problems I've had after 6 months is that the trim is coming off in pieces.My main concern is that the corners & ALL edges on this table are SUPER sharp. {More blunt than usual} If you have a toddler watch them closely around this table. My Grandson fell and it was a trip to the ER for 4 stitches to his forehead. I know this was not the fault of the table. It is a sturdy piece of furniture. But, buy something with rounded corners if you have little ones
Henckels--a sharp deal. Excellent quality knives--very sharp--don't cut yourself. Amazon had lowest price around. Delivery was on schedule.Minor annoyance--advertising claims knives are dishwasher safe, but Henckels does not recommend putting in dishwasher. We are following the manufacturer's advice
bacon press. This is a great bacon press,  I have never used one before and we cook lots of bacon so it has come in handy
Great quality at a great price!. I am SO glad I bought these! These sheets are nice and soft and thick, hold up well to washings with NO color bleed (I have the pine color), and fit my California King bed well with no shrinkage noted whatsoever. Bargain price without bargain quality. Highly recommend!
I love my dishes. They are as great as you could hope for. I have owned  mine over 1 year and am ordering more
Freestanding Pet Gate, Large. This gate works out great, I have four little dogs and it keeps them off of the patio window and screen
Product is good; directions lousy. The rack went together w/o any problems & is serving its purpose very well.  The written directions were VERY poor; however, it wasn't rocket science & went together easily
Yes!!!. This is a wonderful waffle stick maker.  Our grandkids love these waffle sticks.  They are the greatest.  This is a nice easy machine to clean up and the waffles do not stick.  The dipping containers are really great for kids, except the waffle maker should come with more of them for more kids. WE LOVE IT! If you have children, you need one of these!  B
Fantastic. Great blender! I use it daily to make smoothies and it never fails. Powerful motor purees frozen fruits great!! Simple--only two speeds. Easy clean-up
Harder to break than the others, just takes attention. I agree with Mr. Vasicek's review for the most part, and with the other reviewer below who has mentioned problems with the clock.  I got this pot because it would be more difficult to break than the ones with the glass carafes, and the lack of a burner meant no more burnt coffee.I do have the problem with the filter flopping over and getting grinds in my coffee, and may try the permanent filter solution.  I definitely recommend pre-heating the carafe with hot water, regardless of the time of year.  Otherwise the coffee gets tepid fast.  The coffee is not as hot as it could be, most of the time, but maybe that's also to do with the amount of (also preheated) milk I put in my cup.I don't like the delayed brew function, but only because it is time-based, like an alarm clock, and I'd rather it was a straight delay, because I don't make coffee at the same time every morning -- I'd like to be able to set it to go off after a set time, so I could go outside, or shower, or whatnot, and return to fresh coffee.  But it doesn't really matter, because the clock itself seems a bit wonky now that I've had the appliance for a few months.  I can't say whether we've been bumping it and accidentally changing the time, or whether there is a problem with the clock itself; anyway, it seems to be a weak point.I've cleaned it a few times with white vinegar; I can't get all the coffee stains out of the carafe but I don't really care.  I don't have a drip problem with pouring the coffee, but I do line the lid arrow up carefully and have found that it helps to steady the lid when you pour.  If you try to pour without the lid, it will often spill!  But compared to pouring out of the little glass carafes on the "freebie" type coffee makers, this one is great.Forget the pause function... if you take the carafe out during the brew cycle you are just asking for trouble.All in all, I'd say that it's not "the perfect coffee maker" but it's the most suitable that I have encountered in recent years -- speaking as someone who has recently ruined a percolator by running it without water.      I would buy this one again
What a nice little wine rack. It's inexpensive.  It can be assembled in minutes a variety of different ways to accomodate whatever space you have available and it is attractive.  I just ordered a second one
Sparkling Clean!. I love my Shark Steamer!  I only wish it could suction the water left from the steam, but it cleans wonderfully
Works great on most odors. I bought two of these to place in the bathrooms.  Unlike air fresheners or sprays, this doesn't work immediately.  With the windows open, it takes about 5 minutes for smells to disappear.  However, the great thing is there is no chemical smell afterwards.The only hassle other reviewers have mentioned is the need to constantly refill the water about every 2 to 3 days.  I would highly recommend a water bottle next to it as filling from the sink faucet can get messy
Excellent Griddle - I use it all the time. I wish I had gotten one of these a long time ago.  Easily makes 8 pancakes or 4 grilled cheeses.  My wife can even use it without burning stuff - which she admits is a feat for her - so she uses it several times a week too.  It holds heat well, cleans up easy, and the lip on the corner works great for draining.  Only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is that the ceramic bottom scrapes pretty easily and it was fairly marked up after only 1 use on a regular coil burner stove - with gas you should be fine.  It hasn't seemed to effect the performance though, and for the money it is quite perfect
I feel like I stole this grill. When my Mother gave me my birthday present (a check) I wasn't quite sure what I was going to do with it, so I went online to Target.com because they were offering free shipping for the holidays and I came across this grill which happen to be on sale for the holiday season and I got free shipping on it.  The catch at the time was that it wasn't going to be avaible until the end of Jan which I didn't care about because it was for me.  To my surprise it came within one week which I was estatic about. (and I also got free shipping so I only paid sales tax) I took it out of the box and tried it out and it works fantastic. I love to grill and now I can do it all year long and eat healtier all year long.. It really cooks great and the cleanup is alot easier than with an outdoor grill. I have people over and they are jealous and they wish I told them while it was on sale. I'm really glad I was surfing target.com and now I am a regular customer of their store. Great Buy. I highly recommend this product even at the regular price.
ice cream maker. I have only used the ice cream maker once, but it seemed to work fine. However, I ended up with very runny, soupy ice cream. That may be due to other factors.
Best value. I've owned several "memory type" pillows, and I now own a Sealy TrueForm mattress. NOW I know what these pillows should feel like.This pillow is much closer to how my mattress feels, without costing upwards of $100 for the pillow.  I am a "thin pillow" sleeper, so for me the best pillow is one well broken in.  This pillow appeared too thick/large/full for me at first, but after a couple nights on it, I realized with it being memory foam, within 10 minutes or so the heat and weight of being on it flattens it down to a very managable thickness.I had no smell with mine as with some memory foam pillows.  After about 4 days, I now feel used to it, and find it helpful when sleeping on my side as better support than the flat pillows I used to want so much.Anyone reseraching would know this material is great for those with allergies compared to other materials due to dust mite resistence.A couple of the other pillows I've had were the "contoured" ones. I have never been happy with those as I never seem to be at the right spot on the bed and always have to adjust my pillow up or down.Overall, considering my experience, I think this was the best buy I could find for what I got.
Incredible. I never thought I would write a review about a vacuum cleaner, but I felt compelled to let you know that this machine is wonderful. I am so glad I listened to the good reviews and made this purchase. It arrived today and I was so excited, I tried it out at 10:30pm. (Setup was easy - it took about 10 minutes to put together.) Scared at first that the neighbors might wake from the noise, I was pleasantly surprised by a very quiet sound and decided to put it to the test. With two kittens in the house, the area rug had become a magnet to their hair. Despite efforts to brush the hair off with a steel hand brush (in addition to using our previous vacuum cleaner), it was still almost completely covered. I ran the new vacuum machine over the rug and was absolutely shocked and appalled at the amount of hair lifted from the rug. Needless to say, it now seems cleaner, softer and brighter than before - it looks almost brand new again. Even better, it is virtually hair free (even after just a very light initial cleaning session). This truly is an amazing vacuum cleaner which I HIGHLY recommend.
Cool !. These glasses look pretty cool and I love having my Martinis in them. Price is reasonable
I had to add my two cents here. Straight up, I do not own this exact set, but I do own some of the knives in the set. I was obliged to make a comment because of another review. I like the Wusthof line, and think that they are of impeccable quality. I also feel that there are knives of equal quality  available at far less cost. Be that as it may, I wanted to pass along that my ex wife and I bought a Cutco knife set early in our marriage (for a small fortune), and I cannot for the life of me understand how ANY reviewer could even begin to compare them to a proper forged knife set. For years, I thought that I had really bought the best, until I was introduced to a quality forged knife. There is no comparison in the overall handling and performance. To understand the benefit of a proper forged knife, you really have to try one. Don't get me wrong, the Cutco knives are among the finest of the stamped steel knives, and have a great warranty, but their price is based on the way they are marketed (like the old whole life insurance policies), and they are not in the same utility class as a forged knife set. Buy Wusthof or a more value oriented brand of forged knives and sleep well. Leave the stamped steel knives to the newlyweds
Awesome helper. Never thought it would make cooking so much more easier. Now I never have to spend time to cut and shred. All you need to do is to wash the vegetables and put it in the shredder. You even get 3 bowls for multiple veggies. You get another attachment for fine shredding and crinkle cut. I don't know how I ever cooked without this earlier. I am even recommending this to my other friends now! Cooking made easier!
great crock pot. I'm really enjoying this crock pot. What an easy way to cook!  It's a beautiful design, different from typical crock pot look, but it is larger than it looked in photo on screen, but that's not bad, it holds plenty of food that way.  Easy to clean, plastic storage lid very useful, can't wait to be able to take it to a pot luck. The programmable function could really be improved upon.  I wish I could put in the hours I want at the level I want, instead of it automatically choosing high or low based on the time.  I have cooked everything on low, and so far it has taken less time than all the recipies have called for, but the food has been delicious
Best Toaster. Not only a great looking toaster but works like a charm,  and its easy to clean.  Which is great with 3 kids.  Thank You
Great toaster oven but this is not a rotisserie. Great toaster oven but this is not a rotisserie. The item title mentions rotisserie but the oven does not have that capability
Paper Stack  12 X 12 72 Pad Floral. Great paper.  Fantastic Price.  Not only did I love it but all the people in my scrapbooking club are enjoying it too.
Reliable office refrigerator. I bought this refrigerator for my office 5 years ago.  We have a tiny kitchen area and this fits easily under the counter.  The freezer holds a couple of mini frozen dinners and is cold enough to make ice.  We didn't notice any significant difference in our electric bills, but I didn't actually do the math, for those of you who are sticklers for that sort of thing.The push-button defrost is nice, however I wouldn't put this refrigerator in a room that young children have access to.  That red defrost button is a big temptation.  When our office moved, someone's little one pushed that red button.  By the time we noticed, the refrigerator was standing in a puddle of water.Overall, this refrigerator is reliable, easy to clean and I would buy it again.
400 thread ct  seteen sheet set. These sheets are the most wonderful thing, They offer a very peaceful nights sleep.I highly recommend
a deal at $5.99. Bought on sale - very pretty. Soft, comfortable, fits well, did not shrink when washed
Double Old Fashion Sized Glass. This is the perfect glass for everyday.  Very sturdy glass, but is not so heavy as to be uncomfortable to hold.  I liked these glasses so much that I ordered an extra set to assure that I will not have less than a set when some get broken.  Very reasonably priced, but expensive shipping
This is the extra chime-- product works great!. This is the extra chime that you can purchase if you already have the receiver. I am purchasing another one because it's working so well. I am a professional dog trainer, and all I can say is that the product is great, but that owners who do not know how to teach something to their dogs  probably should call a dog trainer for help with this if you are unsure how to proceed.As a professional dog trainer, I still live with my family members who are decidedly not dog trainers. Our toy poodle was essentially house-trained when I was home, but because my teenagers and husband were oblivious to her subtle signals that she needed to go out, she ended up peeing in front of the door, because nobody was letting her out. So, I got the Lentek Door Chime, and taught my dog to use it, and now no more accidents because she is signaling in a way that everybody can hear. We also put the pad outside so she can signal to come back in. Everybody is happy. Now I'm getting another pad for upstairs, because we still have oblivious teens and hubby....So, great product, but be sure that you have *both* parts of the product, and give a good trainer a call to help you get started.
Love it. I love this ice cream maker. I've been making ice cream for years with the ice and salt mess so you gotta know how wonderful this is for me. It is a little loud but I simply put it in another room and close the door. I've made several different recipes and loved them all. This machine is so convenient. And I love it that I don't have to remember to put a big container in my limited freezer space. This is the best
Good Set of Sheets. Well, I have been using the sheet set for approx. 45 days now, it's been through 2 or 3 wash cycles and they up pretty well.  As mentioned the embroidery is very elegant and extensive giving the sheets a very rich look.  There has been no shrinkage to speak off and they fit my 18" Sealy comfortably.  The sheets did have a nice satin sheen to them new, though that has dulled a bit in the wash; they are smooth to sleep on though I do doubt the accuracy of the thread count.  Overall a good buy that I would repeat
GREAT HANGING POT RACK:). I was very please not only with the product once I received it, but the speedy amount of time it took from the time I ordered it until I received it.It is extremely sturdy, and looks exactly as it did on the internet.  I am VERY happy with my purchase, and will probably order again from this website:
I can't say enough about this little guy... As a sewer for 30 years, some of that time professionally, I can say that this is a great product.  No, it's not a regular sewing machine, but this little guy can certainly do your mending work.  I bought this because my dogs tore some holes in their bed, and I didn't want to drag out the full size sewing machine.  Well, it just chug-chug-chugged through four layers of fleece.  Job done!Also, this Amazon affiliate is top notch.  I got it in three days, and they test it for you before they ship it, so what can you lose
How sweet it is. This product is everything I was looking for.  Now only is it great looking, but it is so easy to work with.  I would encourage anyone who is interested in it to purchase it
My granddog loves it!. This is one sturdy little pig. Our son and his family have a Scottish Terrier and he absolutely loves Pig. The first time he got it, he took it in his mouth and started shaking it. I figured the pig wouldn't last long at that rate, but I was wrong. Buddy has been shaking Pig for a year and we're just going to replace it now. It's starting to wear and I suppose I could sew it up, but it's so inexpensive we just ordered another. (In fact, we ordered two because if he ever loses one, he'll be lost.) It's his favorite toy and he is never far away from it. I would certainly recommend this toy
Great product. I love all my calphalon pots, pans, and bakeware.  Best set I have every owned or used.  Even heat, easy clean up, I have never made reductions as easily as I have in these pots & pans.The fact that you can get these on special with great pricing puts it over the top.  I paid $24.99 for this when I bought a few other pieces.  Got free shipping & $25.00 off the order
Really absorbant!. I have 2 chihuahuas that stay at home all day.  I used to put down all different kinds of pads on the floor for them, including people bed protectors.  This product is the most absorbant of them all!  Highly recommended!
Cosco Chair/Stool. My mother-in-law requested a chair/stool with a lift-up seat just like the one she purchased 25? years ago.  She is 90 years old, can't stand for long periods of time, and wanted one for her bathroom and one for her kitchen. I always search Amazon first for all my purchases and WOW was I surprised to find the exact chair/stool!!!  It arrived quickly and was easy to assemble.  No problems. Good sturdy chair *****
Millinnium is a soft touch!. I ordered Millinnium Soft Touch Stainless on a Saturday, it arrived the following Thursday.It is beautiful,perfect weight and love the heat proof handles and lids. Had to try it out, so I fried a hamburger, then put the pan in warm soapy water and let it soak, came clean without any elbow grease. I did some research on several brands,including All Clad(too expensive)Cuisinart and Costco's Kirkland. Farberware is just as good as far as composition. My son is a professional chef and he recommended Farberware to me. I did need to adjust my cooking temperature, only medium and low. I have a ceramic cook top and the cookware works fine on it. I am very pleased, I only wish there would have been a larger skillet, 10 inches is a little small. Other than that I would recommend this cookware to anyone. It has a life time guarantee and the price is great.
Pitch the brown bag, this is the lunch box  to get. The Built NY lunch tote is a great way to bring along your lunch to work. The neoprene/scuba lining keeps everything at the right temperature and pads the contents really well. The compartment for a beverage is the right size for a bottle of water/pop.What I like best is that the bag, once empty slips into briefcase/backpack quite easily.Another great feature is that it is machine washable.
Great Pressure Cooker!. I've used many pressure cookers and this one is the most reliable one!Sturdy, easy to clean and cooks everything quickly & evenly.This 6-quart is a wonderful size when preparing meals for 3-5 people.
Just Beautiful!. Mikasa French Countryside is beautiful, nicely shaped, and very strong.  It's a pleasure to use it every day.
one Crock that doesn't make me Blue. This is such a cute addition to any kitchen that it doesn't need to serve a useful purpose other than holding my spoons! I just don't think I could've been more happy with any other crock. Well worth the $20
Easy maintenance for betta. I purchased this for a betta fish, which was a gift for my cats.  This model was perfect because the lid screws on, which eliminates any fear of my cats lifting the lid to get to the fish.  There is a small hole at the top, so you don't have to unscrew the lid to feed the fish.  The "aqua gems" cover the bottom, but I added some gravel for additional covering.  Also, the aqua gems are light, and you lose some when changing the water, so some other covering will likely need to be added eventually.  The one negative I found is that the light is basically useless.  It illuminates nothing and the batteries die quickly.  Other than that, I'm very satisfied.  I did look at PetSmart for additional oxygen stones, but they don't sell them.  Not sure if those are really necessary, though
You Definately WANT to BUY These Knives!!. I bought these on sale for $14.99 for the set of 4. I bought two sets and I LOVE them. They are very sharp. They slice through anything without struggle. And they look nice. I was so tired of dull knives. KitchenAid did not fail the test. You will want these for your home!
A very nice mechanical scale.... I bought this scale because I have many recipes that call for ingredients in weight, rather than amount.  I've also been watching my weight and this scale works well with measuring quantities listed on the FDA postings on packaging.  I just set my bowl or measuring cup in the stainless steel basin and adjust the scale to zero and add my cereal, ingredients, etc.  The scale is easy to read and keep clean.  My only concern about it is the material used to delineate the weight scale on the dial.  It's paper and will no doubt stain and yellow with time.  A very useful kitchen tool that doesn't require a new battery every few months...
Wow!. My Samoyed loves this toy and so far hasn't managed to trash it. Yay! It's sturdy and VERY chewable
Great white rice but some minor complaints so far. Received the item about a week ago.   Used it for only a few things so far.  For example used it to:- cook short grain white rice.  The rice was perfect, even after sitting in warm mode for a couple of hours.- cook streusel bread (target mix).  The streusel bread was new & basically an experiment.  Unfortunately didn't care for the results.  Didn't really like the taste or consistency but cannot blame it on the cooker.- warm tortillas for soft-shell tacos.  Nice warming but noticed a wierd taste which I believe was from the plastic steaming basket. (& yes, I  washed it before using it.)Pros:- Incredible short grain white rice. Hit a button & it's off cooking perfect rice. (planning to try medium/long and brown rice over the next few weeks.)- Warming feature after rice is done works nicely - only gone about 3 hours out.  (has a refernce for warming up to 12 hours)- Easy to follow manual instructions.- Easy button options.- Retractable power cord.- audible alarm when timed cooking is done.- time remaining for rice completion.- easy clean up with the non-stick (teflon?) coated bowl.Cons:- Too many plastic parts coming in contact with the food or in the food cooking compartment.  For example, the rice paddle, measuring cup, steam tray & vent are all made of plastic.   Believe some of the 'plastic' smell gets into food, specifically from the steaming tray.  (I tasted it with the tortillas that I steamed/warmed up.)- All non-plastic parts in the cooking compartment appear to be aluminum.   Although the bowl is coated with some type of non-stick surface (teflon maybe?), the metal plate on the lid that one could assume develops moisture that would drip back down on the food is aluminum.- the timer options are limited to preset times.- time remaining for rice completion does not appear until the last 10 minutes (or something around that time)
Cup is exquisite and perfectly balanced in saucer. I have this cup and am very satisfied with it.  The design is elegant and lovely to say the least.  I enjoy it very much.
Fit all my needs......perfectly. Stainless - matches my canisters and other appliances.Handles - so much easier to work with.Big - no need to constantly refill.Pours well - no clogging/sticking.Lid removal no problem - twist and lift.Wide enough for easy refill.Excellent product and well priced.
Amazing. This has enhanced the appearance of my aquarium more than any other item I have bought. The lighting is amazing. I have two pointed at plants, one at the bubbles and another at the driftwood in my aquarium. The shadows the fish and the bubbles make on the walls are really cool. I find myself watching the shadows almost as much as the fish. I think the fish enjoy swimming through the lights at night.
Excellent!!!  Excellent!!!  Excellent!!!  Excellent!!!. Wusthof makes excellent knives and this model fully lives up to the famous Wusthof name!!!  Cutting through food with this knife makes the phrase "cutting a hot knife through butter" applicable!  This truly is an excellent knife and a great addition to the kitchen of anyone interested in food preparation
Wonderful buy. After reading all the reviews for several different coat racks, this one had the most consistent good reviews than all the others.  It's a beautiful honey color, is easily put together in less than five minutes (tools aren't necessary), and is strong and sturdy.  My mom loved it when she opened it as her Christmas present and put it together the same day.  It looks so nice in our foyer
I'll be darned ... it works. I bought one of these on a whim when the product launched just before Christmas, 2006.  It seemed like a perfect - if unnecessary - stocking stuffer for my wife, since we're both wine enthusiasts.  I never really felt these "gimmick" aerators did much that a solid 1/2 hour decanting couldn't do.  Boy was I wrong.The device itself is attractive, compact and solidly built.  It appears to be a simple oblong plexiglass "funnel" with a rubber grip.  There are two small channels in the center of the funnel, which look like "cracks" in the plastic (I've read product info that assures worried buyers these cracks are proper and unavoidable).  Wine is poured through the top of the funnel, and immediately a suction sound is heard as the pouring draws air into the wine before it escapes out the bottom of the funnel.  The aerator is easily held, and I've never had a problem with spills.Now on to the "effect" of the Vinturi.  I've been using the Vinturi for 5 months now, on a variety of wines ... from a bottle of "Two Buck Chuck", to a nice '98 Vietti Barolo, to a bottle of 97' Phelps Insignia.  In every circumstance, with every wine, I've noticed a significant improvement in the quality of the wine when poured through the Vinturi, as opposed to tasted directly from bottle.  The flavours are more blended, the finish is less acidic, and frankly, it has made most of the wines I drink a more pleasurable experience, from sniff to swallow.   I've conducted several "blind" tastings with friends, and we all agree - this thing works.If you're a serious wine drinker - or shopping for a wine drinker in your life - give this product a try.  At $40, it's about the price of a decent California Cabernet, and will yield results for decades to come.  I plan on picking up a few dozen this Christmas and giving them out as gifts to business clients
It's a chair and a toy. I bought the bean bag chair for my nephew's 2nd birthday. The family are big baseball fans and I thought they'd get a kick out of it. It's just the right size for a small child and doesn't take up too much room. The cover comes off for washing which is ideal. When he first saw it he tried to throw it so I don't think he quite got it but now loves it. For the price and the "fun twist" on the standard bean bag chair, it's worth it
Big and Rich. Met all expectations. We bought two. Taller that I thought and worked well as long as you kept the chocolate thinned out a bit.Big hit with the crowd, clean-up messy, but not difficult
At last - a reasonable price for this. I've had my eye on this for a long time, but couldn't justify over one and half thousand dollars for it. Now that Amazon is now selling these "factory reconditioned" machines for a thousand less than the original price, I couldn't hold out, and I just received mine...There is no doubt this is "like new".  It was immaculate, shipped in an original KitchenAid box with a new manual, an unopened and sealed DVD, and replacement seals. The only apparent difference is that manual has the 2 year warranty crossed out - replaced with a 6 month hassle free warranty.The freezer is either "full on" or "off", so you have to dispense the ice cream pretty quickly when you've made a batch. Not a real problem, and it is what you would expect - but if it had the ability to "hold" soft serve for a while, it would get a 5* not 4* from me.The recipes included are good, but make sure you have a copy of "Ben & Jerry's Homemade Ice Cream & Dessert Book".  KitchenAid's forum also recommends "Rival 91V Ice Cream Mix" if you are short on time.
Shun Knives are Beautiful, Elegant, and the Sharpest around. The only thing this set is missing is a Serrated Blade.  I have the Shun Serrated 9" Bread Knife and although it's not used as often as my Chef's Knife and Paring Knife, it's still essential to have a good serrated blade for cutting bread and the like.Shun knives are beautiful creations period. Since I'm Asian, I love the tradition look and feel of this Japanese knife. I love the beauty of the blade and the dark, polished, Pakkawood handle. The unique "D"-shaped, Wood handles are preferable. The shape fits my hand perfectly, and the wood does not get slippery when wet - providing a very secure hold. The steel is of utmost quality and sharpness. Do not put this blade into any old electric knife sharpener! Electric knife sharpeners are made to put one angle on any blade. These blades come with a 16 degree angle and you don't want to be changing that angle. There are electric knife sharpeners that can sharpen these knives, but you'll have to do some research and find out which ones can be a fit with these knives. I prefer to hone with a sharpening steel and manually sharpen with a stone if necessary (and I don't see it being necessary to touch it to a stone any time soon). The blade is sharp straight off the factory and as Alton Brown says - it's the sharpest straight out of the factory edge as he's ever seen.These knives are more expensive than most, but I think it's definitely worth it. To have the sharpest, most beautiful knife around - it's no contest. If you are on a budget, build your collection slowly. It's been said that there are only 3 knives that are the absolute basics for any kitchen: A 8" Chef's Knife (or some kind of similar, large-ish chef's knife), a Paring Knife, and a Long Serrated blade for cutting bread and larger items. I would add a thin utility knife and a boning knife to that list next. Then I would add those "in-between" sizes as I get more money flow in.  Now if you're buying a whole set like this, you'll get it all in one shot and it becomes a better deal than pieceing your collection together, one-by-one.If you plan on spending any time in the kitchen, good kitchen knives are a definite must. Preparation is the bulk of cooking and when you have good knives, it cuts down on the danger of cutting yourself, it adds pleasure to the work, and it cuts down on prep time. Knives are also a very personal choice and it's best to at least go to a store and try it out for yourself first. Shun Knives are designed by the Japanese, so remember - it's designed for small hands. This makes it fit most women's hands perfectly, but I've heard of guys with larger hands not like it so much and going back to the German knives. So definitely try it out. It's a personal thing, it needs to fit you.Why spend so much money on a knife? Well, if you spend a lot of time in the kitchen, and you almost always have to bust out a knife to prep a meal from scratch - why not use the best? Why spend that time with items that you love and brings you pleasure to use? Many times, it's the small things that brings us the most pleasure in life, and I consider my Shun knives as one of those things. Having something so beautiful and yet so sharp and perfect - it makes my time cooking just that much more enjoyable.Another good thing to know is that although the Shun Knives are usually offered for right-handers, you can get these knives for left-handers. You just need to find the guys who stock and sell those ones as they are less known, and less common
calphalon pan. I am so over nonstick--even Calphalons.  I have been gradually replacing all my nonstick with uncoated cookware.  This Saucepan really rocks.  I use it all the time.  I don't have to worry about scratching it, and I really haven't had much trouble with clean up.
Works Great Without Wires. Purchased to replace our constantly broken intercom system. Installation is a matter of pushing a button so even I was able to do it and I love the fact that I can carry the station to the washer or outside... wherever.  We also bought the outdoor station and put it at the front. Now when I'm outside, I don't have to worry about not hearing the doorbell
HUGE STAR WARS FAN. My son is a huge star wars fan!  He loved this gift!  Thank YOU
I don't understand all the negative reviews. I have owned one of these little wonders for over five years.  During that time I have replaced the lightbulb one time, which is the extent of the maintenance or repairs that the light has required.  For people who are complaining that the light feels "flimsy", have you tried tightening the series of screws that allow you to adjust the tension between various parts of the light?  It's designed to allow for this sort of adjustment, but if you never tighten the screws they will eventually get loose.  Imagine that!  It's a moving part!  Seriously, maybe they've switched to a different supplier (although I doubt it), but my light is a joy.  It has proven durable over countless trips, moves, and drops.  It provides excellent illumination yet allows your spouse to sleep undisturbed beside you.  Plus, unlike so many designs on the market, it is VERY lightweight.  Some designs inexplicably have the batteries housed in the unit, so that the batteries weigh down your book while you read.  I just don't understand all the negative reviews of this product.  The only thing I can suggest is: try tightening those screws periodically.  It will make a world of difference
Comfy neck pillow. I overheard a flight attendant raving about the Neckbones and also saw it reviewed highly in Shape magazine.  I still have not tried it in the car or on a flight, but am excited to.  It does feel comfortable, though is bigger than expected, so pay attention to the dimensions before you buy
The straight poop. We have two little monsters and found out quickly that it is best to separate the two during training. It is a good thing we have two bathrooms. If you have multiple cats another thing you might consider is that it can be much easier once your kittens are spayed or neutered. We started with a LitterKwitter. The Litter Kwitter costs more but has insert rings with variable sized holes that are switched as your cat progresses. This makes it reusable and gives you the ability to back up if your cat is not ready for the next stage. The Citikity has break-out rings. Once you go to a stage there is no going back and when your cat is trained you throw the Citikitty away. However, you can break out 1/2 stages making it possible to make the initial step from full pan to pan with a hole in it less tramatic. That is one drawback with the LitterKwitter. The first stage with a hole was a BIG jump for our cats. 4 stars because: #1 it is not reuseable and #2 I think the $29.99 price tag is a bit steep for a toilet seat sized piece of relativly thin plastic. Drop that price to $19.99 and it would get my 5 stars. Because you can breakout 1/2 stages I would choose this over the LitterKwitter
Forgotten taste of heaven. Very good unit to make krumkakes. The recipes that ship with the unit are easy to make and taste excellent. In the weeks following the purchase of this krumkake maker I must have baked over 100 krumkakes and was never disappointed!Pros: Looks and feels good. Makes cakes up to 6" in diameter and very thin. The barrocco ornament of the iron looks very pretty on the cake.Cons: To achieve the unified golden color of the cake must use temperature setting no higher than 3, otherwise they come out with patchy color. Because of this, each cake takes approx. 2 minutes to bake.I have not tried the VillaWare unit, which claims to bake two 5" krumkakes in 30 seconds, but if that's the case than it could be a better choice for someone who needs to accomodate a large party of people fast
love it. I have had this popper for a little over a year now and I love it. It just requires a about a teaspoon of oil. After it is finished popper, I add the salt to it in a bowl and it is ready to go. I have not had any problems with the lid fitting. It is a tight fit, but you are working with hot oil, so shouldn't it fit tight? Overall, this is the best for making a lot of popcorn all the time. It is cheap and it has totally paid itself off for the amount I would have spent eating the some amount from microwave popcorn. Plus, it is so much healthier than the microwave junk. 5 stars all the way
Why get a Senseo?. My two year old Senseo broke, so I went shopping to replace it. Now, I've perfected the art of making my own Senseo pods, so I was looking to buy the plastic coffee maker itself. To my horror, the Senseo costs $65, while on the shelf below, the Mr. Coffee Expresso maker was less than half that. So, I bought it. And, what a good choice! I have no complaints, other than the typical learning curve concerns (i.e., I've got a few techniques to perfect. But I'm getting there!) Little did I know that expresso could come so cheaply! I wouldn't hesitate to buy this machine again.
Great tea kettle. This teakettle arrived in perfect condition.  Very shiny and only needs liquid detergent a paper towel to clean and keep in new condition.  It really is almost seamless.  Don't have to worry about enamel chipping or rust, as other tea kettles.  Very nice addition to the kitchen.  The induction steel on the bottom, heats so evenly and fast, no need for a whistle. For these reasons, I give it 5 stars.
Looks Great!. I love my Le Creuset 1-quart crock in jade! I have it sitting on the counter next to my stove with my utensils in it. It looks great!! It would also look good on a kitchen table
Great tea infuser!. The Bodum tea infuser is a wonderful item!  Whether you are making a cup of tea or a pot of tea, the infuser is easy to use, easy to clean-up.The one big DOWNSIDE is that the company selling the infuser did NOT include THE LID - - it was missing from the shipment.  In spite of this deficiency, the infuser itself works great - - and since I seldom let my tea sit for very long after making a cup, the lid is not essential ..although it would have been nice to have in view of having paid for it.  I find that this infuser is much better than those "tea eggs" that have to be filled, then screwed shut, and opened the same way to dump out after use.  The carefully crafted stainless steel will also be sure to last for years of regular use
Better than bottled . . . and on your budget!. My main reason was to stop buying bottled water for work & workouts. Using the Excel spreadsheet, I was surprised how fast I was going through money at work for just bottled water.I now take empty Gatorade bottles, the mid-sized ones, freeze half overnight and in the morning, pour fresh cold PUR water on top of that. Now, I'm saving sooooooooooooooooo much money, that I can afford to treat myself to a bottle of Gatorade or just put that in the bank.The water filters very, very slowly if the dispenser is totally empty. I have that large gallon container. I discovered if you have some water in it, it doesn't seem to take as long to fill. But I fixed that also. I bought a PUR pitcher, so I can filter new water if I'm pressed for time. The pitchers seem to filter the water faster. If you do it when you first wake up, it's ready for the amount of water you need.These filters don't do all the work, I still think they can improve on these filters and make them better, faster, & make them remove even more stuff. But for now, these aren't half bad & much cheaper on the wallet. I always carry water, half frozen because it stays cold longer & I know how long I can carry water around with me. Some days, it actually saved my life! Other days, I didn't have a $1 to spend on water.I clean it out once a week with hot water & mild soap. I noticed the charcoal bits come out in the upper half of the tank & sometimes end up in the base. You might even get some bits in your glass. Pour the water in the back half, not near the front where the filter is. ALWAYS soak the filter for an 1 hour or more before putting it in the tank. This way the charcoal bits will adapt better.But definitely invest in the large dispenser because if you drink water the way you're supposed to, you'll need this large dispenser . . . which is how I ended up buying this dispenser in the first place!!  LOL!!
Royal Albert Dinnerware. I am very pleased with the Royal Albert Dinnerware. Amazon's price is very good, much better than the derpartment stores and the quality is very good also.
A pleasure to use and a snap to clean. This is the second cuisinart cookware set i have purchased from Amazon. The first i bought for my home and have been satisfied beyond my expectations. I bought the second 7 piece set for my travel trailor and again cannot begin to describe how wonderful they are to use.......TERRY THURMA
Glad I Bought It. I bought this to hold some of my "overflow" knives that would not fit into my knife block.  It has proven to be very handy.It seems well made, Im not expecting miracles from a knife tray so that doesnt really say a lot, but it is sturdy and nice looking.  It occupies about half of a drawer, which leaves plenty of room for the rest of the non-sharp cooking utincils to sit next to it.I have now switched its intended purpose slightly, insead of just holding the "overflow" from my counter top knife block, this now holds my most commonly used knives.  The "real" knife block now sits farther away in the corner occupying the "overflow" from this one
Great Cooking Gear. My wife and I first purchased Calphalon Contemporary Nostick cooking gear about a year ago.  We both love them.  Not only do they cook evenly and quickly, but they are easy to handle & store.  Additionally, clean up is easier then anything we have previously owned.We purchased some additinal items through Amazon, and received them in less than 5 working days.  We are thoroughly impressed with both Calphalon and Amazon
Helps me breathe at night !. This item is excellent. Prior to getting this item I would have to open my window a little at night in order to breathe. That gets tough in the winter time because it makes the room too cold. Since I got the Ionic Breeze I don't have to open my window at night. I have sinus problems and the Ionic Breeze helps me to breathe clearly. I highly recommend it to anyone
Very nice cotton.  Soooooft, yet substantial. Really love these sheets.  They're soft and sturdy at the same time.  thick enough to withstand lots of washes.  Detailing is very nice
beautiful machine. very happy with the proformance of the processor.made the pizza recipe with it and the dough was done great.the pizza still needs to be worked on lol.all-in-all,fantastic product
Deep Fryer. I've had one of these for years.  One improvement is the magnetized cord attachment.  Otherwise, it's the same  good 'ole reliable deep fryer....much more efficient than a skillet wth much less fuss and splatters
The best knife I ever have owned. I don't know why the others -- including other hollow-ground santokus -- are still in the house. They don't get any use anymore; this is not an exaggeration. The edge this holds is phenomenal. It requires a touch up in the sharpener far less often and, after weeks at a time of heavy use, it still out-performs anything else freshly sharpened. And no other knife has been this easy to hold onto; the "dimpled" grip simply does not allow for any slipping around.The result of all this is that this ordinary middle-aged, middling cook has seen her knife skills increase to a level I never thought possible. I have always viewed chopping, dicing, slicing, and anything else that required me to pick up a knife as a particular kind of dangerous drudgery. No more. Where formerly I hauled a larger or smaller food processor out to handle things, I now confidently and happily pick up this knife, including for cups and cups at a time of finely diced vegetables. It has literally revolutionized the way I feel about food preparation. I use it seven days a week to prep for at least one meal a day.And the thing is just lovely to look at. It is a beautiful object, one that makes me happy that I have a magnetic bar to display it.One cautionary note: I agree with a previous reviewer that food does not seem much less likely to stick to the hollow-ground blade than to ordinary blade. But I absolutely love this knife and that is why, even with this caveat, it gets five big gold stars from me
Good Product  :). This is the first waffle maker that I have purchased, and it has worked very well for me. The "annoying bird noise" alarm really got on my nerves the first few times that I used it, but now we are used to it.  I like the loud noise, because I get easily distracted, and I do not forget about waffles cooking when I am washing dishes or paying bills next to the counter.It took a few tries to figure out how thick the batter should be for even cooking, and now we have a nice consistency that doesn't end up a little underdone in the middle.  (It rises up more in front, but that doesn't bother us.  The waffles get eaten too fast to worry about one side being slightly higher than the other.)I tell my girls that the heart shaped design shows them that I love them every day, and they love it because they think it looks like a flower.  They find it easy to pull the pieces apart and dip.I like the adjustable setting which allows for lighter waffles on a lower setting, regular waffles on a 4-5 setting, and really crisp waffles for me on the 6 setting.  I don't have to keep lifting the lid to guess when the waffle will be done.The waffle maker is extremely easy to wipe clean, even when you spill batter on the front.  We haven't had any problems with the waffles sticking unless the maker wasn't hot enough and needed a little more time to warm up.The only "problem" I have had with the maker is when I accidentally dropped it into my dish bucket of water and the alarm didn't work the next time I used it.  After one use, though, it is working fine.We really enjoy being able to make large batches of waffles for a lot less money than buying frozen waffles in the store.  We also like being able to easily add different ingredients to the waffles, such as melted chocolate or chopped pecans.  As a first time user of a waffle maker, I am very glad that I purchased this product.The waffle recipe I have found to be a good consistency:2 large eggs2c all purpose flour2c milk1/2c vegetable oil1T light brown sugar4t baking powder1/4t salt1. Heat waffle iron.  Beat eggs in large bowl until fluffy.  Sift flour into bowl and add remaining ingredients.  Mix well.2. Using "ice cream scoop", scoop one portion scoop of batter in a circle close to the edges and one scoop into the middle.  (this distributes the batter a little more evenly to fill out the heart.)  Close lid and cook until done.3. Use tongs to remove the waffle, placing on a plate bottom side up.
Best Machine You Could Buy!. This is the absolutely best coffee maker that I have ever owned.  I bought mine 4 years ago, and it still works as well as the first day I got it.  I bought another for a gift for my in-laws.  Anyone who loves coffee must invest in a Bunn
Solve spare bed need. This bed is actually the second of the same product we have purchased. The pump is reliable and long running, will fill the bed more than three times between charges. The beds themselves are comfortable and durable. Emptying them to store them is easy and the bags furnished easily hold all items associated with the bed
Law Student's best friend. I bought this bookstand at the beginning of 1L after a lengthy search and lots of testing.This bookstand is metal, and it has a rubber serrated grip to hold the base of a book in a variety of positions.  For me, this is a key feature b/c I use the bookstand at many different locations, and I use desks and tables of different heights.  I adjust the main angle w/ the stand in the back, and furtther adjust the book's angle by wedging the spine into a rubber slot at the base.I should note two other benefits.  First, for a year and a half I've put 1200 + page casebooks in this book stand and it's never bent; and I can get the spines of those casebooks to flatten out with the stabilizer arm.  Huge ++.  Second, I can lean into my casebooks and write in the margins.  This bookstand support my upperbody weight.  I don't think you'll find a plastic stand, or a wire stand, that will do that.In sum, if you're in law school, this stand will be your best friend.  Your neck muscles will appreciate the investment
bacon press. My husband loves it since he cooks all the bacon. He says it cooks flat and crisp
Huge Canvas Storage Cube. They are an excellant value for the price.  They hold alot!  However, due to the size they need to have a little more reinforcement to hold their shape/up
Best hot water disepenser !!!. This pot is easy to use, convenient, compact, good looking and a great investment
Good filters, won't last forever though. These are OEM filters that fit my Roomba Discovery just fine. I try to replace them when they start looking really bad (once every 2-3 mos. for me). They are disposable and won't stand up to washing
Great Bowls. We are very particular about bowls, but I have to say these are fantastic.  They actually hold a lot and look great.  The only downside is that they are a little heavy.I am VERY happy with my purchase and plan on buying more
Works as advertised. I bought this oven about a year ago and I use it several times a week. It's a little slower than a standard toaster, but that's always the case for toaster ovens, and it seems on par in its own arena. It's a good bit roomier than the Black&Decker ovens I had previously used, and it seems sturdier as well. Additionally, it doesn't cut off when the door is open, which I see as a feature, but some might dislike for safety reasons. Timer and power are consistent. The crumb tray is removable, and it comes with a single shelf, a pan, and a grille for the pan
Great Toaster. I always thought a toaster is a toaster. However, this toaster is solid. It makes perfect toast every time. The one thing I like about it is that it does not have a dip in the top where bread crumbs can collect. My last toaster had that and it was hard to clean. This one cleans in a snap. I have bought all new Kitchen Aid products for my kitchen and I am happy so far with all of them.
Fantastic dishes!. Love these dishes - my family has them at our summer cottage (original ones of course) and that I can buy the reissues for my house, and at such a great price, is fantastic.Great prices - and no problems with the shipping
Wonderful COFFEE!. HA! I turn my nose down at Starbucks. I will never drink that bitter slosh again.  I've had this grinder/coffeemaker for a few weeks, and love it.  It is beautiful to look at, and, from what I read, it is the only coffeemaker with the CONE BURR GRINDER, recommended by coffee-holics.You have to be a little careful to get all the parts in correctly, but once you get it, it is easy to use.  The design of the dials with back lighting is very cool.The thermal pot is very pretty, and keeps the coffee piping hot all morning.NOTE I was surprised that it does NOT sit on a heating element, just uses the thermal vacuum to keep the coffee hot.The coffee is great.  I use fresh good quality beans (Mayorga Panamanian and Caribou Costa Rican are especially nice) which helps, of course.Some reviewers have noted that the STRONG choice for brewing is not strong enough, but I do not think so.I program it for the morning, and wake up to a real treat.  The grinder is pretty quiet, as well.  It never wakes me.It is WAY expensive, considering that Chef's Illustrated recommends a 35 dollar coffee maker, but for my $ well worth it.JessicaBethesda M
NICE PRODUCT. This is a nice product.  It gets the job done. I have to disagree with the one reviewer.  The description plainly states that the board is made of polyethylene.  The midnight granite signifies the color.For $9.99, 14x17 is a great price
Love this wok!. This is my first Swiss Diamond piece. I absolutely love it and use it all the time, even when a smaller pan would probably work better.  Everything cooks fabulously in it and clean up is a breeze
the oh soooooooooooo easy rack to clean!!!!. A great product. i will be ordering another.Clean up is a breeze. This product should have been made available years ago.Easy clean up in the sink or dishwasher. Just what the cook ordered.Love it!!!!!
Cat Toy. Bought three of the Bada Beam toys.  All three cats love it, however they will stop chasing it after awhile because the laser dot moves very quickly and they seem to loose sight of it.  Overall I am very satisfied with this product
hot, fast, and frothy. I saw this at willamson-sonoma and thought would be nice to have in addition to my machine so I could do coffee while frothing and not have to switch over while the coffee cooled... fantastic quick easy and good. I rinse out the top and use a wet paper towel to clean to avoid getting the bottom wet.  and simply let it dry on the rack to be sure. so good am getting one for my neice's anniversary.  a bit pricy but worth the ease
Floor Lamp. Very stylish and elegant looking. It provided justthe decor I was looking for.
Great cookware. I am extremely pleased with the Anolon cookware set.  It cooks evenly and cleans up beautifully.Many of my friends recommended this set and I'm glad to have taken their advice and made the purchase
I love it. Now I wanna eat waffles everyday. This is the first and only waffle maker I've ever used. So I don't really have any comparison. So far I used it four times and everytime I got nice brown fluffy waffles and nothing sticks. One thing though, I wish it has a timer or something to indicate the waffle is ready.
Water filter. The water filter is inexpensive and pretty good.. Serves the purpose and light on your pocket..
Happy owner of this fountain. I love this product and I am very happy that my cat drinks from it without any problem.The price is pretty good.As other reviewer mentioned, the filter can cause leakage(or overflow) from the top.The potential water damage can be easily prevented by putting a tray underneath it.Any water pump motor (like fish tank pump) will make noise when water level isinsufficient. It is not a perfect product but is good enough for me
Great to Give or Receive. I gave this as a Christmas gift and my friend was thrilled with it!  Wilton Armetale makes a quality product and Amazon offers it at a great price
WHO SAYS YOU CAN'T FOOL MOTHER NATURE?. I thought that this would just be a fun conversation starter when people visited my garden - it is so much more!  This product far exceeds the description in the ad.The inverse orientation seems to encourage hearty plants - super strong stems requiring no staking - so many tomatoes that I'll be giving them away by the bushel - BEST of all the bugs don't seem to notice it is even there (and the rabbits can't reach it).   After the severe rains this past Spring the whole rest of my garden is bogged down with mold, mildew and more insects than I have ever seen but the hanging tomato garden is thriving and pest free.  The only access a crawly creature would have would be the wire that it hangs from (a much more clever design than the  expensive 'Upside-down Tomato Garden' ($69.97) that is in actual contact with the ground and besides, that one has to be put together).Make sure that your plant 'starts' are a good five or six inches tall before they go into the planter and be consistent with the water (about a gallon each day) tomatoes are heavy drinkers.Have fun watching your whacky garden grow!
Great product but buy the three pack. I have been using the scoop free fresh step auto litter box now for over 6 months with no problems of leaking.   I have a 7 year old Maine Coon weighing  approx. 12 lbs and like Maine Coons he is a big cat.  The box is always clean, and litter refill lasts approx 4 weeks.  Something people with leak problems might try is to place a plastic bag between the lid and the box.  I suggest buying the 3 pack because if you are a prime member shipping is free.Shipping on the 6 pack is not, so any savings are lost by freight costs.  Also the 6 pack box is huge.   Storage is easier for the 3 pack.
The perfect sushi knife. This knife is the ultimate in slicing raw fish. The square tip is in the &quot;Osaka style&quot;, which makes it a little more unique than other traditional sushi knives. The all stainless construction means easier maintenance, since most sushi knives are carbon steel and rust and stain easily. Balance is never, ever a consideration with sushi knives. They are not made for chopping. The long blade is designed for extended blade strokes while slicing through fish or vegetables. This knife gets lots of use at our house, even in slicing bananas for morning breakfast
Singer 120 Stitch Super Value Super Product. I am so happy to have this new machine.  My old one did not have nearly the functions that this one has.  It runs very smoothly and quietly.  This machine is top notch and a bargain at the price.   The many different stitches are very nice, but my favorite is the automatic button hole function!  It sews beautifully and would be great for any seamstress to use
CatStop Works. CatStop works.  Cats do everything in their power to not trigger the device.  I have found that moving them around keeps the cats off guard.  The cat visits to my yard have definitely been reduced by about 80-90 percent without hurting the cats
It's great - it's just not WHITE. All the pieces are great - the sizes, durability, functionality... etc.  I ordered to add to some previously purchased pieces - my only "complaint" is that the pieces are really beige - not WHITE.  But in reality - so what the big deal if they don't match - right!?!?!  It's well worth the price I paid
Still better than a narrow turner. I agree with the other reviewer, mine has become slightly more curved over the few months that I've had it.  It's not dishwashed, I don't leave it in a hot pan, and rarely left it "face down" on the counter because I'm weird about cross contamination.  The curve of the turner is more pronounced than it was when I bought it, but it's still better for flipping than my narrow turners are.  Especially my good sized pancakes, no run off on the sides from sagging over the edges of a narrow turner.  I still recommend this turner.  And the colors are great.
floor protection pads for dogs. I have 3 elderly dogs who are finding it harder to not make a mess while we are at work.  These pads have been helpful in keeping the basement clean.  They were never paper trained, but do use the pads about 75% of the time
Fixed our Problem!. Our two and a half year old son was just potty trained and couldn't quite make it through the night. We had a smaller pad on the bed, but it would shift and move and never give us 100% coverage. This pad is perfect! Fits wonderfully and easy to toss in the wash. Would definitely recommend it
go with old school!. Control the flavor of your popcorn!  Kids love to watch it pop! Get rid of that nasty microwave popcorn
BEST JUICER. I LOVE THIS JUCIER. IT DOES COST A LITTLE MORE BUT WORTH EVERY PENNY...I HAVE USED CHEAPER JUICERS HOWEVER YOU GET MUCH MORE JUICE OUT OF THE CHAMPION.. IT IS YOUR HEALTH YOU DECIDE
Chantal Tea Pot. Good - didn't drip at all when pouring tea.  Good color - bright and nice, clean modern style
Wine winner. These are simply beautiful glasses.  They are every bit as elegant as Reidel, but cost much less.  The glass is thin, the shape is elegant, they hold up well in washing.  I recommend them
GREAT KNIFE SHARPNER. I bought one of these sharpners for my mom as a xmas present a few years back. I've had one for a few years and use all the time. She always seemed to have nothing but dull knifes when I went to do some cutting at her house. I showed mom how to use the sharpner...it so easy ... she loves it and uses it all the time. Last month my brother ask me how I sharpen my knifes and let him use my sharpner. He thought it was great. His birthday was last month and yes... he too now has the Chef's Choice sharpner. It's a great gift. Bottom line it's a great value and does a great job. I still use a hand held honer to put on a quick edge on the knife. Rememeber a sharp knife is a safe knife !!
Beautiful dishware. I was so happy to receive the matching platter to my dinnerware.  I was even more happy when it fit in my cabinet.  I was so worried that I wouldn't be able to store my platter with my dishes.  It fits perfectly.The newer cabinets are a bit smaller than my old country kitchen cabinets and I had forgotten that.  I am very pleased.  Thanks
best we've found. Of the three or four brands we've tried, the Simple Solution pads are the best, by far. They're thinner than other pads, so the liner material doesn't shift or bunch-up like other pads, and they are much more absorbent. Our dog is blind, so the scented Simple Solution pads help avoid "mistakes".And the best part; ...they're cheaper
WOW!!!. just got these dishes and I ordered two sets, was really surprised, not one dish was cracked or broken, the colors are nice and the dishes are heavy, not thin. If you are looking for a good-looking casual dinner set this is a must
Fantastic Deal!. SAME product as sold at williams-sonoma, $40 off! plus, i got free shipping so its an even BETTER deal
Perfect set for entertaining!!!!. I love this set!  Absolutely beautiful!  Just wish it didn't cost so much because I need to buy another whole set to have enough for the whole family at the holidays...
Pleasure to use. I am enjoying these knives. I have wondered if I should not have gotten a bigger chef's knife. They do feel good in my hand. Even my almost 10 year old daughter wants to chop carrots with them! Actually, using good knives makes the food preparation and cooking just a little bit more exciting. Now, if only the sharpener would be delivered
Fabulous santoku - and great for women and those with small hands!. The good reviews sum it up aptly, but I would like to add that after owning a  set of Henckels I grew to loathe in the extreme (they never hold an edge and sharpening is not cheap!), and after testing every set at Williams-Sonoma, Shun D-shaped handles are the perfect fit for those with hands smaller than the average (seemingly German) male for whom almost all kitchen equipment is designed (nevermind that most people actually cooking in most homes on a daily basis are women).  Rant aside, this knife is all that and a bag of chips.  Tomatoes are a breeze with this knife - as is everything else I have thrown at it so far.  They are insanely sharp, and they really hold an edge.  My food prep time has been cut in half since owning this and the Ken Onion chef knife.  They're just so much sharper and they don't slip around because they really fit my hand and have the perfect heft.  If you can only afford one good knife, I'd probably pick the Shun chef knife although the handle of the santoku is better and it can do most everything the chef's knife can do.  But if you can afford it, get them both - you won't need anything else
Cute, functional, and sturdy. I bought this step stool/chair years ago to use to reach high shelves in my kitchen.  We've used it for 6 years and it's still in great shape.  The steps are easy to access--just flip up the seat.  The chair is easy to wipe clean.  My toddler now uses this chair as "her" chair at the kitchen table.  It is the perfect height for her.  My only complaint is that the seat will pinch little fingers if you're not careful.
Works Great!. Decent size, heats up fast, stores easily, has rubber feet to protect furniture, makes clean, neat presses, reduces ironing time significantly
As Advertised. The Holmes window fan cools quietly and efficiently.  The thermostat actually works.  The product is adaptable to most windows and is a great buy for the money
Avante. This seems to be a pretty popular item since it's always out of stock.  I finally received mine and have made sandwiches and waffles.  The plates are easy to remove and clean.  The pocket sandwiches turned out great.  A regular slice of bread overlaps the edge of the plates and the crust gets really crispy, which to me is the best part.  The sandwiches need to sit a couple of minutes to crisp up once they are taken out of the machine.  I think the Avante did a decent job on the waffles but keep in mind this isn't intended to serve up a quick breakfast for a large family.  The recipes included with the machine makes 12 waffles which will take over 20 minutes to cook.  I make 6 to eat right away and finish and put the rest in the freezer for another day.I have also used the waffle plates to make the garlic shimp kebobs recipe that's in the instruction manual.  They were really good.Also, the plates may smoke a bit when they are used for the first time, mine did, but the taste of the food wasn't affected.
Perfect. If you're into kitchenware, you'll really enjoy the looks and performance of Calphalon Contemporary cookware.  Heavy and durable.  First class
photo frame. I love the digital frame.  Once you get use to the buttons you can create albums and personalize each picture.  The battery option is great for mobility.  Internal memory is  a must.
Great Buy. My husband absolutely loves this tie rack.  It's classy and functions perfectly....the ties are easy to hang and don't slip off in his cluttered closet
Great Lamp, Can't Beat the Price. Assembly took about 3 minutes (no tools - just screwing the pieces together).  The lamp is very simple, uses up to a 100 Watt Bulb, has a 3-way switch, and seems to work very well.  No complaints at all
We use this all the time. I like this grater. It's easy to use and clean. And, nothing is better on salad than freshly grated cheese
Most versatile pot in the kitchen!. I've had this pot for a year and it's what I reach for first most of the time anymore. It's size is great for browning pounds of meat quickly, then making a whole lot of goulash or stew. It is also excellent for reducing sauces after cooking, plus several chicken dishes, such as chicken veronique and chicken tarragon cook better in this pot as the pieces are not crowded together as they are in my 10 inch fry pan and can absorb more of the flavors in the liquids.I find that when browning in this pan, the higher sides greatly reduce splatter on the stove (and me). Overall it cleans up like a breeze and is a necessity in my kitchen
Truly amazing. Expensive? Yes! Worth? Definitely! The set is amazingly good. I've tested drive the knifes against my existing knifes: there is a grand canyon of difference.PS: The knife is great, but it is not sold by Amazon, but be Macy's. They do not offer the fast delivery options when buying through Amazon, and dealing with them is a pain in the neck. Would avoid Macy's at all costs. Their service is not even close to Amazon's (the 5 stars are for the knife. Macy's get a 0
good duvet. I bought Ivory.I thougt it is just normal and look simple.But many friends said "feel so good. and look good."one of my friends she bought the same duvet (Just the other color)she satisfied for that
Head Over Heals for this Treat. My dog is simply crazy about these treats. But what is really nice about them is that they are fairly healthy as well. Since they are hard treats they serve the purpose of both cleaning the teeth and providing a semi-long lasting morsel of enjoyment. In additon to that, since these treats are all natural, they do not contain as many of the fillers that are present in some of the other treats, making them extra healthy.The price may seem hefty for simple dog treats but these are pretty large treats that can be broken up into smaller ones and you can't beat the quality.
Professional Skill Knife - Not for the amateur. This is an excellent knife but not for the amateur.  It is designed to open an oyster from the side by sliding it along the side groove along the top and bottom shell. By entering from the side you can cut the abductor muscle and flip the top-shell off.  It is not a "top-popper" that is designed to open the oyster from the hinge.  However, if you sharpen this knife it can be used for hinge-entry by moving the knife with a side-to-side motion while applying pressure, once an incision is made you can then turn your wrist while rocking and pop the hinge.  In any case, shucking is an art that you develop over time.  I shuck for a living and anyone (a previous reviewer) who takes 20 minutes to open 36 oysters is not a professional but is laughable.  The bottom line is if you don't open oysters on a regular basis, and don't really know how to open an oyster, then get a top popper knife with a thick shaft.  But if you know what you are doing or want to learn the slick and easy way to open an oyster, this knife is exceptional and I use it every day
Butter Keeper. I really like the fact that it keeps the butter fresh at room temperature but it's kind of messy trying to get soft butter into it
Just what I was looking for... The shot glass is for a bar and was marked in measurements. The price was right. It was a gift and was a perfect addition to a new bar
Works for me!. Its amazingly quiet considering whats happening to those poor little beans...It gives me just the grade of grind I need for my espresso machine to get a perfect shot...but it gets a 4 rather than 5 because there were no anti-skid pads on the base (I think they may have been missing...or maybe they just don't provide them even though there is a place for them..
So far so good. I love the size and look of this can. A friend of mine has one with a slow closing lid and I actually like hers better but this one is working great, it's easy to remove the bag and the design is a clean look to be out from under the sink
Man, what is with all these bad reviews on this tea kettle?. These are some fussy, fussy reviewers.First things first.  The topper of this kettle is NOT plastic.  Maybe the little ball on the end of it is; I don't know.  It does look like it is cast and thus perhaps - perhaps - is not metal.  It has never come off, and, if it did, I would use my handy-dandy philips screwdriver and put it back on, maybe tighten it a bit tighter.The handle - yeah, it gets hot sometimes, not all the time.  Now that I think about it, as I consider it now while writing this, it seems to me that maybe it's when the kettle is REALLY full that it gets hot enough to be an annoyance, but even then I've not needed a hot pad.  Not once.  I've had this dude for over a year, and I drink tea every day.I just boiled some water in the kettle, the tea now steeping.  I paid attention to taking the top off.  I've learned to let it steam out for a second or two, no longer, and then removed it.  If I DIDN'T wait that second or two, yeah, I'd have gotten my hand steamed.  But since I SAW steam, and knew that I didn't want to put my hand in steam, I waited the one or two seconds, and then pulled the lid off.  WITHOUT, I might add, without using a hot pad or dish towel or pliers, I just grabbed hold of it and took it off.  (Hmmm - if that ball IS plastic, maybe it is by design, maybe because if it was metal of any type it surely would burn your hand, water boils at 212 if I recall correctly, and even if I'm wrong I do know that it's plenty hot enough to burn your fingers.)Regardless what the ball on the end is made of, the lid is stainless steel.And the lid itself is pretty cool - it kicks up a racket when the water hits a boil but then it quiets down a bit.  I don't know if it is by design or I just got lucky with this particular lid.  But it does quiet down after yowling for a few seconds, a nice thing if I'm not close at hand and don't want to be annoyed by a screaming kettle.As far as cleaning out the inside of the kettle - um, what in the world are you all boiling?  Tar?  Industrial waste?  Myself, I boil filtered water.  It is as clean in there, as they say, as a whistle.  I mean, the whole idea of boiling water is to keep things clean, to steralize them maybe, or perhaps I'm wrong.  Do tell.  What I CAN tell you is that I just looked in that dang kettle, after boiling that water, and it is spotless inside.Maybe these are the same types of folks who clean out anything and everything, or maybe they are smoking crack.I don't know.The thing is pretty, it works fine, it whistles some and then shuts up til I get there, it's stainless (thus easy to keep clean outside, and shiny), and if the topper ever gives me any problems I will immediately call Cuisinart and I guarantee you that they will send me fifteen other toppers, or twenty, shined, polished, ready for the task at hand; Cuisinart has great customer service, in my experience, they didn't get to where they are by being mopes.I'm not the sort to write reviews - I read them, not write them.   A failing - I confess it.  But on reading the reviews about this kettle I felt compelled to add my voice and my five stars (which would likely have been four if I wasn't trying to balance off these inside-the-pot-cleaners, these delicate-handed whiners), to raise it up a bit in the estimation of anyone looking for a fine, stylish, relatively inexpensive tea kettle
Best in every way and $34.99 on Amazon! Don't pay more!. Small footprint big capacity high quality glass jar. Relatively QUIET but crushes ice thoroughly. Does not SPIT liquids all over the place and out the top as some blenders do. Has push buttons (12 speeds) not toggle switch, so lots of blending choices. I have had 5 blenders over the years (some of them were VERY expensive) and this is the BEST of the lot. Ergonomically balanced jar is easy to hold and easy to clean, easily fits under low cupboards. A complete delight to use. Freeze a strong cup of coffee and blend it with a can of chilled Slim Fast Optima Cappuccino for an awesome frosty Summer meal for 180 calories! Jar easily fits in the fridge, too.
Patton High Velocity Fan has great power and endurance!. I have owned a similar Patton fan for many years now and it has run 24/7 many a day to circulate the house.It finally died.Though it can be a bit loud at times, I wouldn't trade it for an off brand. It is a hard, reliable worker.  I am sure I paid upward of $60 for mine many years ago and have never been disappointed. You can't go wrong with free shipping either!
2 Years and Going Strong. I've owned my Pur dispenser for two years now. I certainly recommend it as a cost saving device. Our city water tastes terrible, but I'm too frugal to spend $1 per bottle at the store [and throw all of those empty bottles in the landfill!]. I only have to replace the filters twice a year. My total cost for about a gallon of filtered water per day for the last two years is $2.50 per month, including the dispenser.I am notoriously clumsy, and I've dropped the lid a few times but aside from a few minor scratches my dispenser looks the same as the day I bought it. The plastic hasn't discolored. When I purchased it I was certain the lever would break within the year but the spring is still tightly wound and it is leakproof.The flavor of the water is far superior to many bottled water brands, which seem slightly bitter to me. One can find less expensive filters online. I strongly recommend this product
Very nice shot glasses. I love this glasses, actually I bought the whole set of this style of glasses, white wine, red wine, martini, water and shot glasses they have very unique style
soft and yummy. this duvet set is soft and easily launderable.  looks great and feels even better.  fits over my overstuffed down comforter
Terrific product. I originally started using Feliway on recommendation of my vet. One of my cats had torn a claw completely off, and her sibling responded with territoriality and aggression from her cry of pain. The diffuser helped calm the aggression rapidly--withing 24 hours--along with behavioral intervention.
Quality and Completely Idiot Proof. I'm completely satisfied with this product. This product is far better than some lower end items available.  It's worth the extra money
You Are What You Drink...er...Something Like That. What I ThinkI started thinking about juicing a couple of years ago. Over time I did a little reading on the internet but never thought passed the idea of juicing more than fruit (I'll get to why this important a little later). The cost was also a little more than scary - I always thought I could find a better way to spend $300 or $400 (the price of the "better" fruit juicers).I'm not a health nut, but after a short hospital stay I decided I should take better care of myself. About a month ago I finally bought the Omega 8005 Juicer. Why did I choose this model? Review after review extolled its virtues and the closest competitor, the Green Star Juice Extractor, was more expensive.This is one kitchen appliance that is well worth the expense.Why Would You Buy ThisIf you are only concerned with juicing fruit this isn't the best model for you. It isn't so much cost, a good centrifugal juicer will cost about the same, or more. The issue lies in the straining screen. Pulpy fruits like nectarines clog the screen and you have to take the unit apart to clean it before you can continue juicing (I know this from experience). It can be done and in small quantities isn't that big a deal. But if you never plan to juice leafy vegetables or grasses I'd look elsewhere.If you want to juice leafy vegetables or grasses, then you need something like a gear juicer. The Omega fits the bill and is actually less expensive than some fruit juicers. There is also the issue of heat. Some juicers can heat the vegetables because they juice at high-speeds - thus reducing the nutritional value. Here again the Omega fits the bill because it's gear mechanism turns a low rate and is actually less expensive than many other similar units. The Omega can also make nut butters, pasta, and whole host of other things; have I mentioned that the Omega is less expensive than many of its competitors ;).More importantly, though, a glass of juice from the Omega contains more delicious vegetable nutrition than I have ever had in a single serving before.Use/ConvenienceI was a little concerned about having to chop up the vegetables and the reports of "lengthy" cleaning. Well, I wouldn't worry too much about it. Depending on how much you juice at one time it takes 30-40 minutes, from washing and cutting up the vegetables to finishing up cleaning the last piece of the juicing mechanism (not much more effort than cooking the darn things in my opinion - and I still do a lot of that for dinner).If you can clean a blender, the Omega is just as easy.  I always take apart my blender to clean it, so cleaning the Omega wasn't that big a deal - maybe 2 or 3 minutes longer.Tips/TricksFirst and foremost, do some research. The internet is chock-full of recipes and tips. Here are a few I picked up either through research or experimentation:1. Use bitter or pungent vegetables and fruits in moderation - unless you just love chewing on a hunk of ginger, then go for it. Roots like ginger add a nice zing, but can overpower anything else if not used sparingly. Limes add a surprising amount of flavor; I add one-quarter of a small lime - anymore is just too much for me.2. Peel oranges and grapefruits, but leave the white "skin" just under the surface. The rinds can be very bitter to taste and apparently contain minute traces of toxins. Grapefruits fall into the "pungent" category for me. When mixing in other fruits I only use 1 grapefruit.3. If you want to sweeten a drink, use an apple instead of sugar, even in vegetable juice. It works. Trust me.4. Use pulpy fruit in moderation. This is mostly a cleaning issue with me. I find that I have to take apart the juicing mechanism and rinse it off for *each* piece of pulpy fruit and this gets a little cumbersome when trying to make juice in the morning.5. It can take a surprising amount of vegetables to make 24 oz of juice. But on the flipside one glass sets you up for the recommended daily allowance for the next day or so.6. Start your juicing regime slowly. I found out the hard way that it can have an...uh...interesting affect on your digestive tract if you go whole hog too quickly.7. Experiment. Some mixes are better than others, but in all honestly I haven't found one I didn't at least like
Yum!. I love sleeping in this cloud of comfort!  Total decadence, and I've never slept better in my life.  Hint: fluff it up every day, like a giant pillow -- you'll enjoy it even more.
Why I have ordered this item?. White Fiesta Ware in white and the 4 piece configuration, is not easy to find. I had 10 place settings, accumulated through the years. It was time to make the set 12.Amazon happened to have it - even that they had to ship the 2 sets from 2 different places - for a lower price than I have seen it advertised.It was a cinch, fast delivery, good prices - Amazon
Great Machine. I bought this a few weeks ago, works just like it says and I could not be happier. I have two girls in the house 11 and 12 yrs old. I showed them how to use it and they love it. Great for quick breakfast if your running late. I would recommend this to anyone.
Makes a great cup of Coffee. This is one great Coffee maker for the price.  Espresso temperature isn't too hot, but the cappucino maker is fantastic.  The instructions are very straight forward and I was able to make a good cup of cappucino on my first try
Essential Knife for Home Chefs. While hefting a cook's knife with a 10-inch blade can take a bit of practice, I recommend this size for everyone except those who have small hands. I started collecting Wsthof-Trident Classic knives for home use twenty years ago, and this 10-inch Cook's Knife was my first purchase from this excellent line. I like the look and feel of traditional, triple-riveted, full tang high-carbon steel cutlery, which is why I have chosen the Classic line. (A comparable line would be J.A. Henckels Pro-S.) I use a honing steel on it often, and sharpen it myself with a Chef's Choice 3-Stage Diamond Hone Professional Sharpener. Also, I have always hand-washed and dried it. After lots of use, it still holds a keen edge
Revere 12 inch non-stick skillet. I absolutely love this pan!  It is big and deep and no matter what you want to cook in a non-stick skillet, this one does the trick
You'll never buy yogurt as good as home made!. I've had this for about a year now and even though I don't always use it (one a month or so), it's a wonderful appliance.  I absolutely agree with all the other reviewers that the only draw back is the timer: it's a joke! It doesn't really do anything besides shutting off the light on the machine. It doesn't turn machine off when it's done or doesn't even buzz to get your attention!But all the Pros make you forget about this little problem! Try plain yogurt chilled with a bit of good honey and some fruit and granolf if you'd like and you will never want to buy yogurt in the store again
Replacement filter. This air purifier does help keep the rooms that we use them in cleaner. It does purify the air. By changing the filters, we can see the difference.
Great for commercial use. Build tough and it lasts. The plastic ones don't compare. It is an excellentproduct for restaurant use. Cannot beat metal. In use for over 1.5 years of daily use and it still works
Almost perfect. This loaf pan makes beautiful bread, but the bottom is a bit narrow and widens toward the top at a greater angle than other loaf pans, so the bread is not shaped as nicely as it could be for sandwiches.  I like the wide lip which keeps the edges of the bread from over browning or burning.  My only complaint - and it is a small complaint - is the narrowness of the bottom and the wider angle of opening to the top of the pan.  I purchased Pampered Chef unglazed stoneware loaf pans and they are slightly superior for bread making.
Very pretty!. Much nicer than the picture. Design is more subtle and delicate, and the handle on the lid is adorable
I love these filters!. What can I say -- aquarium enthusiasts know that it's easy to forget the type of filter you're using unless it gives you trouble. I've tried several styles and brands over the years, and this is THE best for your basic tank.I'm now using Whisper filters in my 10-, 20- and 30-gallon aquariums, and they are easy to maintain and, as the name implies, they are QUIET. Highly recommended
From Limping to Limber. My 13-year-old cat was limping for a few days, off and on, and my vet said it was probably arthritis. A friend had told me that giving her arthritic dog Nutramax Cosequin had helped him, and I already knew that regular cosequin has helped ME with MY arthritis, so I bought a box of Nutramax Cosequin For Cats from my vet for my kitty to try. It really made a difference! He stopped limping and could walk farther and faster on our walks together around our lake. He was so happy, and so was I. On my vet's recommendation, I continued giving him one tuna-flavored capsule each day, sprinkled over his food, as a good preventative to slow further joint deterioration, all without the side effects which he might have gottten from prescription medication. I would highly recommend this product for cats and dogs as a first line of treatment for arthritis; and buying it from Amazon saved me about 2/3 of the cost from the vet.
I love this cover. I wanted something that would make my bed look like a hotel room bed and this cover achieved that.  My bed looks great! The cotton is good quality and feels very soft.
Made teaching &quot;clean up&quot; much easier!. I purchased this for my 2 year old daughter on her birthday (As much a gift for me as her!) She is now learning what toys go together and to clean up after herself. The large bins are perfect for large legos and barbie dolls. I really like that she can see her toys instead of just having them dumped into a toybox.
Beautiful gravy boat set!. I do like this gravy boat with the lovely platter!   However it does have a couple of minor flaws, which is why I gave it 4 stars instead of 5.There is a very small 'bubble' in the glaze, midway between the spout and base of the boat. It is not very noticeable visually  but does create a rough spot.Of less concern, there are a couple of very small spots of blue on the handle.  Again, visible upon examination but hardly noticeable otherwise.Despite these very minor flaws, I think it will look very nice on our Thanksgiving table. It really is a charming set
Best Can Opener Ever!. I had all but given up hope on electric can openers until I bought this one. You can tell when you pick it up that it's of good quality (not cheap, plastic junk). The removeable head is also very solid/heavy duty, and washes easily in the dishwasher. The black and chrome design looks very stylish on my kitchen counter, as well. I'm a believer again in electric can openers
Great little heater. This is a great little heater, we use it to heat up our basement office in the winters.
Great glasses!. We have been using Riedel crystal wine glasses (and still do on occasion with the handful that we have left), but I finally decided to buy Spiegelau glasses for our everyday drinking glasses.  Because we drink wine and entertain regularly, our collection of Riedel glasses has been diminishing --- although the crystal Riedel's are beautiful glasses (and still used for the right occasions), they are extremely fragile and I have personally destroyed several while simply hand washing them.  At any rate, after years of attrition via visiting friends and family, we needed to stock up on new glasses.  Because I hate to hand wash dishes, I began to look into the dishwasher-safe glasses from Riedel and Spiegelau for the new replacements.  I was going to just buy the dishwasher-safe Riedel glasses (name recognition of course), but I couldn't get over how much better the Spiegelaus were priced.  Moreover, all of my favorite restaurants use Spiegelau (and come to think of it, I don't think I've ever seen Riedels at a restaurant). Therefore, I took the leap and stocked up on the Chardonnay, Cabernet, Riesling, Port and Champagne glasses.  I'm really glad that I did --- all of them are terrific! Although not as elegant as the fine crystal versions, these are excellent for everyday use and large dinner parties.  I've already bounced one off of a granite countertop and it survived the collision without incident. I've also washed them all in the dishwasher several times and they've come out great.  I am very, very happy with this purchase.  I'm sure that the comparable dishwasher-safe Riedel glasses are just as nice (possibly nicer?), but you can't beat Spiegelau's price!
Excellent purchase. My wife was very pleased with the tangerine fiesta ware!  She now has two sets of it and plans on purchasing more.
Heaven!. I purchased the Chiropractic Neck Dogbone, Pillow, and it came very quickly. I haven't had any neck problems since purchasing the Dogbone Pillow! It's a must for anyone who experiences neck pain
furi knives. The knives were great. The best I ever used. They are well balanced and very sharp
Very nice. Wood knife block was one of the better ones, better then we have seen in the brick and mortat store
Attractive, sturdy, excellent product. I couldn't have been more pleased with this product. The rack is made of nice, attractive wood, the hardware is strong and sturdy, the shipping was fast, and the assembly was easy.
I have three. My wife and I discovered the Pump and Grind Pepper Mill several years ago, and have found it to be a wonderful tool for the kitchen and on the road.  It is ideal to grab when you only have one hand available.  We love the look, the construction, and the Amazon price.  We recently found an wonderful spice - Grains of Paradise, a peppery spice with a touch of heat and citrus - and purchase another Pump and Grind just for it.  We currently have three, and will probably own more, as they are ideal for people who like to use different peppers.We both do a lot of cooking for various events and have found these to be a great way to bring several different kinds of peppers in a small, but reliable package.We miss the adjustable grind, but find it not to be too much of a drawback.  Beside, the WoW factor when you pull it out the first time is almost worth the price of admission - which by the way, is great on Amazon.  The price usually runs one to three dollars less than the market place, and when you factor in Amazon Prime - what a deal
Great. Well, Now I don't have to dig for the corn holder, they lock together. Easy to find in the drawer now and I throw them in the dishwasher to clean them.. The handles are just the right size too
Hide-A-Toy Squirrel. My 2 year old Miniature Pinscher loves to burrow and dig and I thought this would be a good toy for her.  She is also notorious for literally tearing apart her stuffed toys and getting great pleasure out of pulling all the stuffing out of them.She loves this toy. She pulls the squirrels out and shakes them violently. Unfortunately, as soon as I left her unsupervised with the toy, she opened the back of one of the squirrels, took out the squeaker, and left a pile of stuffing on the floor.  I mended the squirrel and put the stuffing back in but the squeaker was destroyed.  Now she can only play with the toy supervised.  I would rate this toy higher but I had read other reviews that claimed they were virtually indestructable.  I know this now to not be the case.
The Best Kitchen Scissors!!!. The scissors I purchases were a hostess gift.  I spent a week with my friend and she was using some old, worn-out scissors.I had received my pair for Christmas last year, and use them daily for all kinds of jobs.  I went online and ordered her a pair just like mine.She loves them as much as I do
Henkles great quality!. I purchased this as an addition to my already huge Henkles and Wustoff knife collection. I have the shears and love them so I figured why not get the poultry ones since I usually use them to cut up chickens and such. They work great! I love the spring action
Mario Batali 5-piece Measuring Prep Bowl Set. Every kitchen should have a set of these measuring bowls. I gave them to all my family for gifts and they love them, too. Great for measuring shortening, peanut butter, etc. because its easy to scrape out the bowl. Also good for nuts, raisens and coconut.  I'm so glad I found them in the specialty shop.  When no stores in our entire area carried them, I was very happy to find them on Amazon.com.
Excellent Value. I've been using my Zojirushi carafe for about a month now, and I believe it's awesome. Like the other reviews here note, it keeps your beverage hot for hours. For the money, it's a great deal.I'm using my Zojirushi 1-liter along with the Manual Drip Coffee Filter Cone  by RSVP (can be found here on Amazon). If you've never tried manual drip, I recommend you give it a shot
The Best Spice Rack. This is the best spice rack I've ever owned.  I filled the jars with the spices I use most.  It is compact and looks good on my countertop
Great for Most people that truly enjoy port. I bought this set of glasses as a gift for my boyfriend, who loves to drink port. I thought the glasses might be disappointing after reading the reviews posted here, but luckily it isn't the case! IMHO the quality is excellent, but not so delicate that we're afraid to use them. I like how they came in a set of 6, so accidently breaking one or two isn't so bad. My boyfriend loves them, and even his fellow port drinkers are impressed. Maybe if you're a wine expert of the highest rank, you have the right to look down on the Riedel Vinum line of port glasses, but I can't imagine glassware being much nicer while being so functional
Red Soup Tureen. This soup tureen and bowls are the greatest.  I use them a lot, and just throw them in the dishwasher.  Great value
Great product!. This is a quality product, perfect for cooking for 1-3 people (smaller families, college students, etc.).  I highly recommend it.  It is so easy to use and fuss-free.  Also, most smaller crock pots have only one setting, but this one has three (high, low, and keep warm).  It has a nice glass lid and a removable ceramic crock, both of which you can clean in the dishwasher.  I use mine at least a few times a week, and I'm very satisfied with the purchase
very good. i've only used it a few times. i bought it when it was on sale for 35 dollars. very good for the price. i'm sure there's probably sharper knives out there but for 35 dollars, you can't beat that. this is why i gave it five stars. it's also a cool looking knife. but even for 50 dollars, i think this is a good knife to get. but really, i think when it comes to knives, everyone has their own opinion. so good luck
Very Good. I love these spoons..The writing doesn't come off like some spoons I've used in the past. It also has 1/2 TBSP which I was looking for and couldn't find. So far so goo
I (heart) mine!!!. I love my Polder Stainless-Steel Paper Towel Holder with Spring-Loaded Arm. I've had one in my kitchen for about two years now, and it has become such a fixture that I simply cannot imagine anything else holding my paper towels. It is great at keeping the roll from unravelling too fast in those &quot;grab-and-go&quot; situations. The only thing is, as the roll gets down there, the spring loaded arm doesn't really do much anymore and becomes... purely decorative
Cuisinart Mixer. Sturdy little mixer with a lot of power.  Best hand mixer I've ever purchased.  I always buy those low end basic models.  This is just a few dollars more and there's a huge difference.
Indestructble. I have 2 mini-dachshunds who love to chew and destroy squeaky toys. I've gone through countless toys with them, most only lasting a day or two. Never has a squeaker lasted more than a few hours in my house. I tried the Kong, but I think they somehow knew it was indestructable and refused to play with it, plus, no squeak. My husband and I brought home two of the midsize Cuzes and 4 months later they still are in tact! More amazingly, the squeakers still work! Both of my dogs love to play fetch with them and chew on them, and they've not yet gotten bored. In fact, for the first two weeks, I used to have to hide them, as the dogs wouldn't even sleep when they were around... they wanted to play constantly! Now we play with them several times a day. Hands down, these are the BEST toys I've ever purchased. They have also saved us alot of money, and kept our dogs healthy as they are no longer able to swallow bits of toys that they've torn apart. The only downside is they do tend to get quite slimy with doggy slobber- YUCK! :o)
Not just for spices!. We've used this product for 14 years & 2 homes, and now need to replace it...  Pretty good wearability at that rate, but it's use in our home is as a medicine cabinet.  A minimum of twice a day opened and shut.  First purchased to keep all meds away from children, it has become a 'necessary' item to us
A little expensive, but man does it make knives sharp!. I was a little nervous about spending this much on a sharpener. Now that I have had it a few days I wish I had bought it sooner. If you understand the basics of sharpening this tool is VERY easy to use. If not, it might take a little practice to get the hang of it.The instruction are pretty good and clear.I have sharpened everything from good quality kitchen knives to tag sale pocket knives. When this machine is done with them you could shave with em. Amazing.I can see one pitfall for people who don't understand sharpening (or who have weak eyesight). If you have  a blade with a deeper grind angle than this machine uses you first have to re-shape the edge (on the coarse wheel). If you don't, you are simply adding a second bevel behind the old one and leaving the cutting edge alone. This may be why some people have problems. On one cheap knife I had I first had to really grind on the first stage wheel to pull an entire new bevel. Once I did it was no problem.
Great Gift!. Nice size, nice color and just a very nice usable teapot for a change.  Keeps water hot just as advertised.  Mother-in-law is enjoying it a lot
Amazingly simple. My sister gave me one as a gift and my first thought was "great, a cheap plastic corkscrew, this won't last." That was several years ago. After the first use, it became the only one I'll use. It's elegant in its simplicity, especially how you can hold the cork while you unscrew the screw from the cork. Plus the price is unbeatable
A little jewel. Because the thermostat went out on my big oven, and because it was too expensive to repair right now, I had to have a real oven for not much money.  I did a lot of research on these things, but most toaster ovens got low ratings from users.  A couple of sites listed this one as pretty good, so I ordered it.  After six months of using it, I'd say it's better than "pretty good."  It doesn't just toast or warm up, it actually bakes! And it bakes stuff that says not to bake in a toaster oven, like puff pastry turnovers.  It takes a little while to learn its quirks, like the fact that it frequently requires covering the food with aluminum foil to prevent burning, but it works well, and the temperatures seem accurate.  One problem with it is that there is not enough height between the shelf and the coils for some glass baking dishes I would like to use.  But that's a minor problem, and I've been able to work around it.  I've made baked chicken, bread pudding, baked sweet potatoes and other things I never would have tried in other toaster ovens. This fits on the limited counter space in my 1939 kitchen, and it will give me an actual oven in the Texas summer, rather than having to make do with just a microwave to keep from doubling my AC bill. It's a solid four stars.
easy enough to operate. yes, easy to make, but some problems with the recepies in the book and on the web. sometimes pizelles stick to the plates, but when using oil(brushed over the plates) it works ok
PROBLEM WITH BREAKING HOUSING FIXED!!!. After reading some of the reviews here, I was concerned about buying this cleaner, even though it seemed to be exactly what I was looking for to replace my expired 1974 model Eureka electric broom (Brand loyalty lead me to look for another Eureka, but unfortunately, the company has been bought and sold several times, and they no longer make the quality product they did when I purchased my electric broom.) I visited my local independent vacuum dealer that I had used in the past in keeping my Eureka going all these years; and when he informed me he couldn't get the parts to rebuild the motor; I asked for his recommendation, and he endorsed the Hoover Flair. When I voiced my concern about the breaking housing, he showed me how the problem area has been reinforced - I mean the plastic tapers to 1" thick at this point. Hoover is now owned by Maytag, and they are concerned with making a quality product. Based upon that, and the strength evidenced by the thickness of the plastic in this area, I laid my fears to rest and bought the machine.The vacuum performs EXCELLENTLY on both carpet and bare floors - I like the fact there is no metal on the nozzle to scratch my hardwood floors; and it also handles cat hair and cat litter with ease.In summary, I recommend this cleaner WHOLEHEARTEDLY!!
Unique Glasses. These are very heavy feeling, nice looking glasses.  Best of all since they are shipped by Amazon they are also elgible for free shipping (no filler for you Prime members).One issue with these, if you normally stack your smaller glasses to save space, these you can't do it with
I love this coffee maker!. I'm not all that picky when it comes to the quality of my coffee, but even I have to admit that this product makes really good coffee.  I actually use it more often to make tea, using loose tea leaves instead of coffee grounds - it works perfectly for making either beverage.  I love that this coffee maker goes straight onto the stove rather than plugging into a wall, and it's fascinating to watch everything happen through the clear glass.  It's very easy to use.  It's an elegant piece of kitchen equipment too, so I don't mind having it out on my counter all the time.Some reviewers have commented about the fragility of this product, but I've used it daily for months and haven't had a single problem.  I'm very clumsy and the box was mangled when it arrived too, so I can't imagine how you could easily break this coffeepot.  I've dropped it in my sink, knocked it against the counter, or dropped it hard onto the burner several times and I have yet to experience a break.There is one minor downside to the Bodum Santos coffeemaker: because there is no heating element in the pot itself, it doesn't stay warm as long as an electric coffeepot would.  However, you can keep it hot for quite a while if you put the lid on the carafe after it finishes brewing.  I think it's a small price to pay for a coffeemaker that works so well and makes such excellent drinks.  I haven't used my electric coffeemaker once since my Santos arrived because it just doesn't make coffee as well.I would wholeheartedly recommend this product to anyone who wants to make a good cup of coffee at home.  I couldn't be happier with my purchase and I know I'll enjoy this coffeemaker for a long time
Advanced & Delicious. This Coffee Maker does everything but its pretty complicated; so if you don't have the patience to read the directions and learn how to operate it, or you don't like technical gizmos, then you may find it frustrating.  Capresso does provide a video cd to explain everything.  The product I bought works as promised once you set it up and remember the routine to make coffee.  If you forget a step in the routine, you will probably get a mess or poor coffee like some of the other posters here.  But once you get past the learning curve, the end product is great: freshly ground, piping hot coffee brewed minutes before you wake up in the morning.
Love It Love It Love It!!!. I absolutely love this machine!  The selection of coffees and teas is wonderful.  I am a tea drinker, primarily Engish Breakfast and Chai latte, and I am quite picky about the quality.  With some of the pod brewers I have tried, the tea has been quite weak.  However with the Flavia, the Engish Breakfast tea is very good.  The Chai is excellent as well.  The Chai latte is very smooth and doesn't have the peppery taste that some can have.Pros: 1. Great tasting coffees and teas2. Great selection3. Virtually no clean up4. You can brew a cup of tea after making coffee and the tea doesn'ttaste like coffee (very important)Cons: 1. You better make sure the bottom of the brewer is flush with the                top of the cup or it will blow whatever you are brewing all over you and your kitchen.  This will only happen once, trust me, because you will not want this to happen again.2. You can only purchase coffees and teas through their website.Hopefully as this machine becomes more popular there will be moreoptions for purchasing
Pomerantz Cherry 7-Piece Salad Set. Very lovely!  It will accompanying any table service nicely! Amazon did well in getting the set to me in a very timely manner.  Completely happy with the purchase
Swiss Style Grill Review. My wife and I lived in Germany for four years and got very used to the dinner environment in Europe...later meals, spending hours at the table talking and enjoying good company, good food, and good wine (and beer). This grill lets you return to that European life style...you prepare small portions of your meal at a time, so your food is always hot, you can have some great conversation, and before you know it, 2-3 hours may have passed.  The grill allows you to cook items in a small "skillet" on top of the grill, and/or broil under the grill.  Some friends from the Netherlands introduced us to this grill two years ago...we have since purchased four...two for us, for larger parties, and two as gifts for family.  This grill works well for abour 4-6 people, depending on the style of table.  We use two grills for 8 people (one on each end) so it is not so difficult to place things on or under the grill from opposite ends of the table.  Our friends have enjoyed this experience and several have subsequently ordered this grill too.
I love this whetstone!. This is a great buy if you need sharp knives.  I am a line cook and use the stone about once a week.  It doesn't take long to get a great edge... whichever technique you use.  The pink side (very coarse) does most of the work for you.  Then run the knife over the blue side a few times and voila...a super sharp knife.  I also like that the stone came with a plastic cradle to rest in so it doesn't slide all over the place.  This stone is worth its weight in gold...and it's worth it because as long as it doesn't get lost you'll never have to buy another one
OK... :). Heavy duty, well made... but BEWARE, it can't be used on a flat cooktop (i.e. ceramic).  Decided to keep it anyway, will use in the camper
Solid product, easy assimilation for our fat cat. The last review was great. I'll try to restrict this to additive comments.Pros:- the five food chambers are deep; our fat cat makes less to no mess with this setup.  It is amusing to see him bury his huge head in the chamber.- no assimilation problems at all; in fact, he didn't realize the relatively quiet chamber rotation meant no food was available.  He's figured it out now.- setup was a breeze and took about five minutes; hardest part was cutting the super-tight plastic packaging away from the gizmo.- feels like a quality product and takes rechargeable batteries- has good grips on the bottom so our Roomba vacuum doesn't push it aroundCons:- takes up some space; we stuck it under our kitchen island with just the open chamber sticking out.Overall - big five stars as its reduced our food refill time by 2.5x (we feed him twice daily
Love It!. Cooks great..cleans easily! I've used the really expensive stuff and it is no better than the Lodge. Why pay over $200 for the same size pot? You would just be paying for the fancy French name
Heavy Duty Clothing Rack. If you are looking for a heavy duty garment rack, this is it.  I purchased the first one to free up closet space and I just had to get a second one for guests.  I hosted a party and did not have to worry about the rack falling apart or tilting to one side.  Easy access for everyone coming and going.  When not in use it folds away nicely
great vac. The Black and Decker Hand Vac is the best vac that I have ever had.  With the many attachments I can do anything that I need to do.  I have on order another one since November 22 and have been on the waiting list but I intend to give this to my grandson because I know he will like it
pistoulet. Another wonderful piece from the Pfaltzgraff Pistoulet collection. Perfect size for water.  A must have if you are collecting this dinnerware
pretty. I used this skillet for the first time and it was great. I love cast iron but the enamel coating sure made this easier to use. It cleaned quickly and required no seasoning. Also, its a really pretty skillet.The sellers were really good also about emailing with order status updates, shipping info and the skillet came quickly through Fed Ex. Very good customer service
Stockpot well worth the money. I used the stockpot only once and was quite pleased with its performance.  It cooked well and cleaned up well.  It was well worth the value
Bark Control Miracle. Our barker stopped immediately after we put his collar on him, and continued to be quiet and docile for a while even after we removed it. We felt as though he had a complete personality change into a sweet lovable affectionate little guy from the annoying noisy nuisance he had been. Sometimes just showing him the collar quiets him down. We heartily endorse this humane way to control a bad habit
Simple but effective design. The quality of this gadget is quite good, nice plating on the metal.  I tried it with a few decanters and they all sit securely on it, helped by the rubber stopper that keeps the decanter from slipping off.  I doubt many people need this, but if you use and clean your decanter a lot, this drying rack is an economical and very effective device
It's wonderful. I saw Ming Tsai using a pepper grinder like this and decided I would buy one of each.  My hands will no longer turn stiff grinders so the squeeze technique is great - so great my nephew took it and now I must buy another
Works great. If you want shaved ice, this is a bargain. Uses the molds or cubes. We use it all the time
just what I needed. This is just what I was looking for.  I use it for the few dishes that don't make it in to the dishwasher, but mostly for drying the baby bottles.  The bottle drying systems are pretty ugly and can only be used for that purpose.  This drying rack is very useful for the bottles and dishes
It broke & we still love it. We have had this unit for 6 months and we really enjoyed it.  It makes a great cup of coffee, it is easy to use and we do not understand why some other reviews complain.Then - without any warning it stopped working.  I called Hamilton Beach and they are sending a free replacement, no questions asked.  The unit has a "hassle free" 3 year warranty and it really was a snap.We are glad we bought this unit and are happy with how Hamilton Beach stands behind their products
Does liquids well. I've only had mine for a little over a week, but I've already used it for chopping, slicing, and lots of pureeing.The unit is sturdily built, heavy and powerful, just as others describe.But I want to comment on liquid jobs. If you are considering this unit for liquids, don't be scared off by the negative reviews. The shaft does indeed only rise halfway up in the bowl (this allows the minibowl and blade to sit on top/inside of the main bowl), so you cannot fill the unit to the top with liquid and expect it to be completely leak-free.On the other hand, I've made mayonnaise, pureed for thin soup and made baba ganoush, and I did not end up with liquid/food all over the counter. I had barely a leak, and when I did, it was because I was stil learning the position the blade had to be in for removal, and so when it pulled off, a little leaked through the bowl hole.It *is* important to not fill liquids too high, though this is true of any mixer/processor. Imagine trying to mix cake batter with a spoon in a bowl that you had filled too high -- stuff will fly out! The same is true of a processor.However, that does not reduce it to a 4-cup capacity as someone claimed. I made a thin pureed soup and got more than 7 cups out of it. The bowl hole is about halfway up, so you won't get much more than that unless it's thick (like my baba ganoush).Anyway, use some common sense and this excellent product will treat you fine. But if you need to be able to process 8 or 10 or more cups of thin liquid at a time, you need to buy a larger unit than this one
We Love It. We love this item.  It has made everyday a little brighter.  I use regular 6 bags chocolate chips from the store with about 1 1/4 cup of veg oil and it works great and quite!  Don't forget to use the leveling screw at the bottom so the flow is just right!
Queen 12" with 5" of Therapeutic Memory Foam Mattress. It's pretty comfortable, but what new mattress isn't? The foam-memory material takes a little getting used to. I generally prefer a very firm mattress, and had to get used to the "sinking-in" feeling. I've also found you can't really use a lot of pillows.What I like about it is that if someone else tosses and turns, or gets out of bed, you don't feel it.The smell people are referring to is like an industrial product smell, but it isn't as obnoxious as it's made out to be, but definitely present. If ignored, it will linger for about a month or so. I didn't try to spray anything on it because it didn't really bother me that much.Over all it's a good mattress, although not the greatest thing since sliced bread. I'm sure it will last a lot longer than a regular mattress, and feel I've definitely gotten my moneys worth. I would recommend it.
High quality for low dollars. The cookset is wonderful. I've seen cooksets like this for more money. The Calphalon set makes cooking much more fun. Working with quality cookware makes great tasting food.
2 Simple Instructions TO MAKE IT WORK PERFECTLY. : 1.) You MUST keep water in the bowl; 2.) DO NOT COVER THE METAL DISC WITH WATER since the grooved surface needs to be dry. Perhaps this reviewer did not follow the instructions. I have had one for 2 years and have bought several for friends and relatives who have complimented me on the freshness of my home.
This is great!. Love this waffle maker - it's the first one I've ever owned - so I have nothing to compare it to though. No issues with sticking as long as you spray it first with oil. I use the Krusteaz brand of Belgian Waffle Mix - it's excellent - and you don't have to hassle with making the batter from scratch :-)I would recommend having a very tiny non-abrasive tool for getting the waffle out, just in case there's an area that IS sticking
Nice Toaster. Bought this toaster after attempting to find a decent one local.  Most everything at the local big boxes was basically junk.  Thought I would try this toaster based on my previous good experience with the Krups brand, was not disappointed.  Have toasted everything from white to pumpernickel, pop tarts, bagels, etc...  Between the heat settings and bagel/frozen buttons does a real good job.  The handle which also raises the toast, something I thought was just an unecessary extra, is actually very handy and keeps your fingertips out of the fire.  Built well, does a nice job, recomended
Very good Humidifier. Have it since about 6 months. Used it a lot. The display is too bright at night, there should be auto adjust.  The handle of the tank could be more user friendly for refilling the water. It's hard to hold the tank upside down with no handle, when refilling the water. Other than that I really recommend this product.We are living in Colorado and we have a relatively big bed room. The humidifier is not able to raise the humidity to a level that it can swicth off, but that is mostly because it is extremely dry here.
Great towel!. My husband and I have really enjoyed this product. They are very soft and a good sized towel
awesome cat raker!. These things work great for very furry cats that shed a lot.  :-
Get the right filter!. This is the filter that fits the Krups FME2-14  12 cup coffee maker. It does not say this and the other filter description states that it fits all Krups makers. This is false information
Magnificent aroma. This is a very beautiful flower which has wonderful aroma. I am very satisfied with this purchase and highly recommend it to all people who value charming plants. It would make a great gift as well
Sharp. I have found these knifes to be economical and very easy to sharpen with about 5 or 6 strokes of my steel. They are well constructed and have a good wht. I consider them a great buy. Did a lot of searching to find them
Yet another Dyson review?. So  many people have reviewed this product that I initially felt it was unnecessary. But now that I've had more time to use mine, I can't keep quiet any longer. This vacuum is fantastic. It cleans far better than my Bissell upright did, it's quieter, and it's easier to empty. I'm a stickler when it comes to how well things work, and the Dyson lives up to the hype. I resisted for 2 years, and I wish I hadn't.This vacuum is so strong it literally sucks itself to the carpet, which can make it difficult to vacuum small area rugs. As long as you move at a moderate pace (as with any vacuum, you'll get better results if you're not doing the Indy 500 with it) this thing eats dust and animal hair. I don't know whether to be excited at how much the Dyson sucks up, or disgusted at what is in my carpet.Here are good reasons to buy the Dyson:* It works as well as it should for the cost.* It's extremely well-engineered (you can access every area on the thing that could potentially block without using a screwdriver!)* Dyson was ripped off by the other vacuum manufacturers (namely Hoover). He had to take them to court-twice-and won both times. Support the good guys, not the thieves.* It's very easy to clean, and you never have to touch the messy stuff.* You don't need to buy replacement filters, which can be quite a cost savings.Reasons not to buy a Dyson:* It's expensive. Don't get me wrong, it's worth every penny, but not everyone can spend $400 on a vacuum. If you can, though, you'll never regret it.* If you are a neat-nut and germophobe, seeing what the Dyson sucks out of your "clean" carpet may cause a nervous breakdown.* The mini turbine tool accessory doesn't work and shouldn't even be available. But that has nothing to do with the vacuum itself
Works well and fairly bright. We ordered 4 of these and they are great for the hallways at night.  You don't have to stumble around looking for the light switch.  They are great safety devises to have at the top of stairs
6 years and still loving it!. I chose Mikasa's Italian Countryside 6 years ago when I got married. I have been using it continuously this entire time and have only chipped 2 pieces (small chips). The nice part is that this dinnerware can really take a beating. It goes with everything and is nice enough to use for formal dinners as well as everyday stuff. My sister liked my pattern so much she ordered it for her upcoming wedding too
Excellent Bed --lasted about 40 nights. I have to give the AeroBed a good review, since it is so very comfortable.  I've used it about 40 times in the two years I've owned it. About mid-way through its life it developed a slow leak. Eventually, it completely failed. I replaced it with the company's Durabed, hoping for a longer service life.I think there are two ways to go with this product. Either buy the inexpensive $60.00 version and be willing to replace it as needed, or try the more durable version for about three times the price.
Alton Brown, Good Eats tool. Good tool.  Really tight to use at first but does loosen up
Fantastic Frother that is used Daily!. This is a very useful rechargeable compact frother machine.  It takes up little space and is always ready to be used for making perfect froth.The froth that I make with ff milk (skim) even doubles as a whipped topping on ff puddings. I am saving a lot of money making my own daily Lattes. In fact the money I saved from going out and purchasing from Starbucks paid for the Frother already and I just got the machine a few weeks ago. I really use it several times a day!I never had problems with it recharging as one customer stated on this review page; perhaps it has been improved since theirs was purchased.I would truly recommend this item to anyone wanting to make their own frothed drinks.  The Rechargeable Primo Frother gets my FIVE STAR RATING
Convenient !. This is beautiful Mixing Bowl ! And this is convenience for all cooking  and it is easy to clean this. I think everyone will be satisfied
Plates Are Good, thats about it. I bought these during an amazon one day sale for $35, me and my girlfriend are soon looking to get our own place and wanted to buy something that is decent but not two expensive. I'll try to give good descriptions of everything to give the buyer a good idea of what to expect. When amazon says 35lbs they are not kidding, it is a VERY heavy box. Towle silversmiths are the actual company that makes the set. They are made in China. According to the box IT IS dishwasher safe, but IS NOT microwave safe. That would be due to the metal band around the edges of the plates.This review is for the platinum set, amazon didn't have it listed on the website when i was going to review them so this is close enough. All the items appear very nice the bands are all uniform and matching. It looks like tableware you would expect to find in a NICE new england bed and breakfast. Very timeless, and classic, but modern in a sense as well.The plates, bowl's, and coffee cups are nice and heavy and look quite elegant. They are of good weight and don't feel flimsy at all. They come with decorative plates for underneath the main plate however i wouldn't ever consider using them, the only they they are useful for is target shooting or playing frisbee.The flatware is ok, they are on the light side and somewhat bland. The forks and spoons flex but also appear as if they would bend under normal use, the knifes feel ok but again all the flatware is on the flimsy side, I would recommend getting an additional set somewhere else. They are not so thin that they would bend right away like the usual 'college' first set that most people would buy at either Linens and Things or Bed Bath and Beyond or Target. But i've had better.The wine glasses are the same way, they are a medium thickness glass, they are by no means high quality but they are not the cheapo ones you would expect to find at target or the cheap ones at LNT or BBB. One of mine had an air bubble in it, im gonna request a new one from amazon. They are ok tall stems and good base, they feel very sure footed on the table and accompany the dishes nicely in design. They are a large bowl Red Wine glass design.If you need the dishes buy it, they are well worth what i paid for it for the dishes alone, i plan on buying new flatware. The glasses I'll use till they break. Overall for $35 i am very pleased and wish i had bought a second set for the plates alone
Weak Accessory Kit. I've had this vac for about 4 months and the "pros" are:1. Fabulous suction as promised, with 2 cats and a dog our hair "problem" is no more. It is amazing how much you pick up on the first use from what you thought were "clean" carpets.2. Very easy to empty/clean tank, the entire unit is easy to maintain.3. Extra long power cord (which is both pro & con as you do have to handle it a lot, perhaps an autoreel of some sort is needed?)4. Love the soft fluffy dusting accessory...makes cleaning plantation shutters a snap!5. The ball makes cleaning around furniture and under low tables etc.,  sooo easy.Now the "cons". I have mixed floor surfaces, berber carpets in the bedrooms and stone throughout the living areas with hall runners and Oriental area carpets.1.The head "stumbles" over the hard surface to area rug transition and since the rear wheels are up this makes vacuuming the hard surface floors with rugs a dance of frustration. The head needs a height adjustment pedal.2. Inadequate manual and online tech support is pitiful. I understand how expensive color printing is, but would it kill them to put up some B&W  PDF's at dyson dot com?3. The superior suction and way the unit rides on the ball makes it heavier than the usual upright and it takes some getting used to, my shoulders and elbow ached until I figured out the balance. This should have been addressed in the how-to.3. The accessory kit needs improvement. At 5'8" I have to stoop to use the extension wand with the floor brush or the cleaning tools and it is too short to reach the top of blinds, valances, window ledges, ceiling fans and light fixtures. All of which my Kenmore cannister with two wand sections did with ease.4. The crevice tools is too rigid and the fixed angle awkward, it stratches walls and furniture and/or can't go into tight spaces you expect a cervice tool to clean. I subsituted my Kemore swivling, hard rubber cervice tool.4. A flexible or swiveling extension is needed to make the end of the wand more flexible with the dusting brush and crevice tools. I needed to vac the built-in fridge coils above the fridge and there was no way to turn the tools to do it. I had to fetch the $99 shop vac. That's just stupid with a vac at this price point.5. A rear wheel break pedal is needed for wand and hand tool use so you can control the "traveling" of the unit as the hose extends and retracts.I would happily pay for an extension wand & swivel attachement as the lack of hand tool versatility is a serious flaw in this otherwise excellent vacuum and I require a second vac to do 100% of my household cleaning tasks.All things considered, I recommend this vac, the only other vac that I've owned that compares with or exceeds Dyson's suction and quality is a Nilfisk, which are pricier and not sold in the US. If you have wall-to-wall carpets and pets then the Dyson Animal will do the job.
Excellent Starter/All Purpose Wine Glass. These glasses are as functional as they are beautiful.  Well ballanced and comfortable in the hand.  They are the first glass to buy to begin a collection, great all purpose wine glasses
Like you're at the fair. Cooks hotdogs quite well and fairly quick.Sharp looking too
Excellent product. I have had this product for over a year and the bulb just burned out.  No cord problems, ever.  I use it every night in bed and it does not disturb my husband.  I have never had any problem with it.  It looks like, from the other reviews, that maybe I just got lucky.  Or, it's just that I have taken good care of it and never dropped it!  If I dropped it, I would expect that it would break.  I would highly recommend this product
This is our first food processer. This is our first food processor. Did a lot of looking before making this purchase. It's easy to use and clean.  Made Salsa with our garden fresh tomatoes the day it arrived.  Makes slicing a breeze.  Great price from Amazon!  No complaints of any kind
great product. I love my new cooker!!  I have been a Presto "fan" for a number of years having bought a canner several years ago from the Presto plant outlet store in the town where I lived.  I had promised myself a new cooker after this years Christmas season and Presto it would be!!  The trivet and steamer basket are great additions to an already great product.  Being able to buy replacement parts (gaskets, etc.) means a lot to me.  Thanks again-------------
A slice of life!. I put-off buying a slicer like this because I had heard they were a problem to operate, lacked power and were difficult to clean. Then I saw the reviews for the Chef's Choice 632 and took the plunge. When it arrived the first thing I noticed was that the blade had a Titanium-gold coating just like my power drills which meant extra durability. The machine itself is very well made. Fit and finish is top-notch. And the tilt feature makes it easy to slice heavy items like meats ( tilted up ) and soft vegetables like tomatos ( tray down ). The slicing is prcise and effortless. I use my machine to cut baked bread into perfect 5/8" slabs or steak into paper thin slices for steak sandwiches.Cleaning is a snap. The tray and holder are made of hard, tough plastic that repells sticking food and stains. The blade comes off with a twist and washes up quickly with soap and water. The body is also so smooth nothing sticks to it and is almost like cleaning a well waxed car- the food just slides away.All in all a very well designed, compact and fun to use piece of kitchen machinery.
Amazing. I bought a Scooba after I purchased my Roomba.  They both work so well together that not only is my house cleaner but my asthma has went down as well.  The Scooba is nothing less than amazing, my wife and I have a concrete kitchen floor and hardwood in the rest of the house.  We let the Scooba go non-stop for several days between charging and now that the entire house is clean we run it every 3 days. :) Hands down awesome.
So far so good. I love the idea of the Braun clean & renew system, and so far it has been really good.  The self cleaning works great, so far so good (I have only been using this product for about 2 weeks)
tend skin. my husband swears by this product.  it has reduced his ingrown hairs on his neck drastically
All-Clad Petite Braiser Pan. It won't take a thousand words to say that this is truly the finest pan I own!  If I had to choose just one pan from my kitchen, this would be it. It works  for everything. I fry, bake, saute and serve from this one good-looking pan.  Clean up is really, really easy.  I have washed it in the dishwasher, but do prefer to hand clean. Itis certainly worthy of &quot;hands-on&quot; care.  Beautiful, serviceable and a must for a caring cook
Can you be in love with a vacuum?. I bought this vacuum as we ripped out our old carpet on the 1st floor and put in hardwoods. I was looking for a vacuum that would no scratch the floor but also lightly get the dirt and dog hair off the rugs. This vacuum is perfect! Lots of power even though its rechargable, lightweight and has two modes, barefloor and a rollerbrush for carpet with one flip of the switch. It is easy to remove the dirt canister and cleans well. I vacuum everyday and this one takes a beating. i have a lab with lots of shedding hair and two small kids and this vacuum sucks up all the messes they make! You won't be disappointed.
Wow, what a deal. I am not a waiter that serves wine, an overseas traveler, or a wine expert.  I am just a Joe Schmo that was looking for a corkscrew.  I read the reviews on Amazon, and noticed this item had an average customer rating of 5 stars.  Boy, were these customers on the money.  I bought this rascal and am absolutely amazed that such a simply constructed tool can be so efficient.  It works great.  All the other fancy schmancy corkscrews may be cool to look at, or lend some self-prestige to the owner.  Whatever, blows your skirt.  This baby is all anyone needs to open a bottle of wine and enjoy it.  Although I enjoy and trust shopping on Amazon, readers should note that this item is available at some stores for $10
review of product. I am well pleased with this coffee pump. l It is my second one. The first (unbreakable)on broke and I immediately re-ordered.
Bangin' Hair and Beautiful Water. It does sound like the people that had technical problems didn't slow down and follow the directions. I moved a few exits down the highway and found my new water supply to be very hard. Sticky, brown scum that I had to scrub off at least weekly. This product saves me from all that; I've now gone 3 months without seeing any of this scum. Also, I hadn't used a versatile head like this before which provided a nice rhythm on my stiff neck. I was skeptical with the price initially, now I'm signing up for regular replacements.
westies like it!. We have two westies at home and my mom and I bought them this toy at a dog show this summer, westies are terriers and love the thrill of really going after something.  Not only did out 3 yr old girl who plays with everything love it, our 7 yr old boy who hardly ever plays with toys went crazy for it and would not relinquish it to our other dog.  The two of them where tugging it from eachother and trying to tug squirrels out.  Our smaller dog can actually fit her whole face inside and kept coming up wearing the trunk!  I would recommend this toy for terriers or any dog that likes to nuzzle, burrow, or dig
Works great if you know the trick!. My fiance bought this coffee maker at Wal-Mart on sale.  It worked flawlessly for a week or two.  Then I thought it would be a good idea to put a tea bag in the compartment where the coffee goes.  My fiance told me later that the instructions advised against that as it might damage the unit.  In the next day or two the unit malfunctioned - it would buzz and then two blue lights would blink.  Sometimes we could unplug it and start over and it would work but the problem seemed to become more frequent (and frustrating).I noticed that the lid locks in place while the unit is brewing, so the round top part inside apparently rotates and locks into the bottom part (where the pods go).  It occurred to me that the buzzing sound is the sound of the locking mechanism rotating into place and that's when the problem occurs (intermittently).  So we started pressing down on the lid before clicking the brew button and it always works fine when we do that.  (Apparently if the lid doesn't close snuggly then the locking mechanism jams and you get the blinking lights and must then reset it by unplugging it.)I hope this review helps anyone else that is having this problem.  I've seen several comments from others having the same issue.  Other than this one issue which turns out to be minor if you know the workaround, we love this coffee maker!  We also use it just to make quick hot water for ramen noodles or tea (but I don't put the tea bags in the machine any more, just in the cup!).  We've had it for a couple of months now and use it at least once a day, usually more
No problems here. I've had this dutch oven for over a year now and have had no problems with it. I use a ceramic glass cooktop (if that makes a difference) which is why I bought the porcelain enameled cast iron. I just can't afford Le Creuset
Excellent purchase. Got fondue pot Friday for my birthday and all we ate was fondue all weekend. Heated chocolate quickly and kept it just right and same with cheeses. We also used it to cook meet in oil and it worked great. I am looking forward to some broth for the meat this weekend and more cheese and chocolate. Most fun Ive ever had eating.
A well thought out design. I had been looking for a wine chiller that didn't require the addition of ice or water and that included some sort of automatic listing of wine temps...well, i found it.  It was easy to use and my pinot noir came at the perfect temperature.  I also tried it with some Asti and it cooled that down to a nice chilly temp. It recycles every time that the temp drops more than 3-5 degrees. My only complaint is that some of the lower temps take a long time to cool, otherwise, this is a great product
wonderful product. With this collar my puppy was trained in a matter of about 5-6 sprays. She would always dig outside and as soon as she started to dig I said no and when she didn't listen I sprayed her and she stopped immediately. This worked for other problems as well. I highly recommed this product.
Perfect for 4-slice toaster ovens. Great for cooling toast and waffles; also useful if you need to meet that $25 minimum for free shipping - it was only a few dollars
Fabulous. This rug is exactly what we wanted!  The quality and price are unbeatable!  At other places, this rug costs hundreds more.  I'd order another one if I had somewhere for it to go
Flannel Sheets. These sheets turned out to be the best flannels that I have purchased to date. Other sets that I have bought have gotten "pilly", so far these  have not. For the price--cheap, it was a great buy for a fantastic product
3 years later, the grind and brew is still great. I've had the grind and brew for almost 3 years, and have never had any problems. It makes great coffee, it's not that hard to clean, and it has adjustable settings for temperature and coffee strength, so if you fiddle with it a little, you can get it to make exactly the coffee you want.I gave one to my cousin a couple of years ago as well, and it turned him into a total coffee addict.
Good choice. I really like this cooker. Initially I planned to use it for cooking large quantities of ingrediients such as brown rice, garbanzos and soybeans to freeze in recipe-sized packets so that I can speed up preparation of soups, stews and casseroles, and it is very useful for that purpose. The oval shape easily accomodates a stewing chicken or corned beef, and the liftout ceramic core is very attractive on a trivet on the dining table
It's a wine rack. This was not my first choice since the one I wanted became unavailable. However this does meet my needs but still was my second choice. It was a bummer do to my location I had to not only pay shipping but tax also this of course is not the fault of anyone. Overall it's a nice product no complaints. It's sturdy and it is really perfect if you lack space
Hot Dogs without the drive. Great hot dog warmer, We will never boil a dog again, Easy to clean is a plus,Paul aka Sport
Great for the price. Buying it on sale for thirty bucks made this a good deal. I would NEVER have paid the full price for it, but this is a huge, study baking dish. It was actually larger than I thought. The red is not as saturated as I thought. It has an orange/coral tint to it, not a deep tomato red. But, for the reduced price, a great find
Cuisinart Hand Mixer. This mixer was well rated in Consumer Reports. It does a great job and has all the power you need. The only thing I don't like are the push buttons, I would prefer a lever.
great stuff. I love this stuff. it works for staub too. I was having a hard time getting the baked on stuff out of the bottom of my staub pot and I used a little of this and it came right out. it works great for my Le Creuset too. I have been using it right along though. I can't say how it would work on stains many years old.
Love this canner!. I purchased this canner because after doing much research this was the perfect canner for me. I have 2 large 18qt canners that I can vegetables and meat in and one has a dial gauge and the other is a weighted gauge that makes a hissing noise.Of the 2 canners I prefer the one that hisses because I can be doing other things in the kitchen and surrounding rooms and know that the canner pressure is not getting too high or too low because I can hear it.One has to constantly monitor the dial gauge because it does not make noise, it is just like a kitchen thermometer and has a hand that points to the present pressure the canner is at. Many times my dial gauge pressure has gone too high only to turn it down and it goes to low.So for me the weighted gauge canners are the best because I can hear the hissing noise and know whether my pressure is too high or too low.I love this canner it is very user friendly and easy to operate.I have tried making cheescake which came out very well I just made a meatloaf last night that took me 15mins to make.My husband just loved it.The company is very accessible I called them because I noted a small dent in the pot of my new canner and they told me to return it.I emailed Amazon and the very next day they had a replacement canner on the way.Amazon provided a return shipping label and I just used the box that I had gotten my new canner in to mail the dented canner back.I am very impressed with Amazon they have great customer service.I love this canner and would not hesitate on buying another Amazon had great prices on this canner also
Metal 5 -Tier Storage unit-Gray. I love it, it was easy to assemble and very sturdy too, I am looking forward to purchasing another one soon, you will not be disappointed
Rival S12P 12-Inch Electric Skillet. This skillet is a decent value for the money.  Works well; cleans easily.  The purchase and shipping process was speedy and efficient from my perspective
awesome. My product was received in a timely manner and in great condition. It was exactly as described and an utter delight that it was just what I needed. No issues with this seller at all.
Thomas and Friends Full Comforter and Sheet Set. Love this the fit was great. My Grandson is very happy with his new room. Will shop agian
Great knife. I purchased this for my wife.  A hundred bucks for a knife insane!  Until you use it.  I think this is worth the money.  My wife says is the best thing since sliced bread.  And... you can slice bread with it.   Seriously, great knife.  It will last a long time.  Don't keep buy cheapo knives year after year.  Just get one of these.  Very sharp edge, nice weight, and comfortable.
It pleased the pooch. I was surprised at the sturdiness of this stroller.  It was easy to assemble and my pooch jumped in before I could finish putting the wheels on!  It is rather sizable though, as it takes up most of the room in my car's trunk.  I like the cupholder and the storage space beneath the bed, it's great for taking my pooch for a day at the mall.  I also like that I can zip the flap so the dog is protected from overzealous folks that want to pet when he doesn't want to be disturbed.
Fresh and springy dishes. I love this pattern.  So fresh and springy.  It brings a beautiful brightness to my table
Perfect for french onion soup!. I only bought 2 and now wish I'd purchased 8. They are heavy and appear very durable. The lid is fairly thick and has a tight seal, actually much better than expected. Wait for them to reappear on the Friday sale and save a couple of bucks. I assure you you won't be disappointed
great product!. I bought this for a friend---and she uses it CONSTANTLY!  Perfect idea for a gift.
Works fine. The egg cooker works just fine.  I am at high altitude so I adjusted the water measure for more cooking time.   I like the buzzer so you do not have to worry about over-cooking the eggs.As far as the teflon looking bad after use----it is not a big deal.  It works just fine regardless
10 star price 3 star quality 5 star Comfy. I have had this set for about 2 months now. It looks great, and for the price I am thrilled with it. Some things to think about: I bought the king size set for my queen size bed. I am glad I did. The King size drapes just enough over the sides to give adeqate coverage for my thick mattress and most of the box spring, so that only the nice wooden bedrail shows. The King set comes with standard size shams. This was not a problem for me, but should be noted. The down fill tends to gather towards the center of our spread between my husband and myself(it's not sewn in to squares, but rather the stitching is crosses that would form squares if they connected, so the fill can move around. This is easy to "fix" by swiftly running your hand firmly in the diretion you want to 'push' the fill. It evens out in three or four swishes when making the bed. We have the set in Camel... and it matches quite nicely though not exactly with the Pinzon Flannel sheets in Camel also available from Amazon. If I see this at the 35 price again, I will surely purchase another one for backup... at that price I don't expect it to last forever-- but I can afford to change more often!
T-Fal is the greatest invention since white bread. I love my new T-fal cookware. I only wish it had a glass lid for the 5qt cooker
GREAT!!!!!. The dual baskets are a great way of pleasing everyone. You can use 1 basket to fry your items crispy and the other basket for light frying to please everyone.  I have used it several times and have no serious complaints.  It takes about 15 minutes for it to heat up and a few times a couple pieces of fish stuck to the basket, but it was nothing major.  Nothing is without some flaws, but mine are very minor.  If you do alot of frying I highly recommend it
Kettle. I like the kettle. I use it in the office with water from a filter pitcher. It boils the water fast and automatic switch off makes it very convenient.The only set back: you have to wiggle to close the lid.It would be nice to have a water level indicator/clear window.
Content. Could not find anywhere local. Order was filled and sent more rapid than expected
A must-have for backpackers. Unlike many of the other reviewers, I am using the Nesco FD-1010 dehydrator not as much for jerky, fruit and other solid items, but for "one-pot meals" that my husband and I will take on a four-month backpacking trek. I have found dehydrating these liquids and semi-solids to be a little trickier than the other things I like to dry, such as apples and bananas. But this dehydrator does a really nice job on this thicker stuff. Drying times take about twice as long as for fruits and jerkies, but you save a bundle over the freeze-dried stuff from the camping stores. All of the books I have purchased for backpacking recipes recommend the Nesco/American Harvest brand for its solid reputation and durability. I can't speak to the durability as I'm pretty new at this, but I am very pleased with the results -- powerful fan, even distribution of airflow, and it's actually not as loud as I thought it would be. One thing that I have noticed is that these soups and stews dry faster using parchment paper on top of the screen, rather than the fruit roll sheet. It's a bit of a pain, though, as I have to cut the paper to the size of the screen. We run it in a corner of the kitchen, and with the radio on, I don't even notice the noise. I am so glad that I purchased this. It has really changed the quality of our food on backpacking trips
Nice looking and durable. I've had the Nova Blue full set for years.  No problems.  And when I break a plate, I can easily find a replacement.Boot
Good for the money. Overall a nice product, but I have noticed that this flatware seems to get more &quot;spotty&quot; in the dishwasher than my previous set.  Also, a few of the knives have developed rust-like blemishes where the handle meets the blade, but it's hardly noticeable.  This is definately nicer than my previous cheap set, but it doesn't have the same heft or &quot;quality feel&quot; that the my Heirloom Oneida flatware has.  Overall, I love the way this flatware looks, and it has very nice serving pieces included in the set
Not too shabby. Bought this and have had it about a week or so. My bed was pretty comfortable before, but my guest room has a pillow-top mattress and I was a little jealous of how nice and soft it always felt. I was here purchasing something else, and wanted to get another item when I remembered feeling one of these memory foam mattresses while shopping for a couch. I went ahead and got this one off of Amazon since the price was right.Anyway, slapped it on the bed, waited for it to expand (it comes in a very small box, with the foam mattress rolled up and compressed.) After it expanded I noticed that it wasn't the same size as the mattress. It's short by like an inch on every side. The instructions say this is on purpose, although what purpose it serves is beyond me, other than to be annoyingly smaller than the mattress. It's definitely noticeable if you sleep with one or both hands under your pillow, because there's a gap between the headboard and the foam topper.The topper itself is incredibly comfortable, and I find it pretty hard to get out of bed sometimes because of it. It's hard to explain, it's just very soft but supportive, and extremely pleasant.Pros: Very very comfortable.Cons: The topper doesn't cover the whole mattress for some crazy reason. Even so, I would still recommend it for those who don't have a pillow top mattress
Happy with purchase. Received ontime and in like new condition, works well and we like it alot
Excellent Value. These bowls are deep, great for chili and soups.  They are sturdy and seem to hold up to everyday wear in a busy household.  My only reservation is that they don't stack very compactly, but I love them anyway
A bit too large. For my use its a tad too large in diameter. However, it's everything most Calphalon products claim. A good buy for the money
Starwars Comforter. my son loves starwars! the comforter comes as a completion to the bedding set with sheets and pillow case. It is great. A must have for any star wars fan.
Comforter is really cool. THe product is really nice. My only concerns are that I'd hoped the sheet matched the really cool picture on the comforter, but that's minor. MY bigger problem was that you only get one fitted sheet and one pillowcase and after some research found that you can't order these items seperately. I would like to have spares of these without having to get the whole set again.The quality is great and it shipped quickly, and like I said, the comforter picture rocks
Very nice product. Press works very well. I need a shirt pressed everyday, and this product does the job great. Saves me a lot of time. The only reason I did not give it a 5 star rating is I wish the ironing surface was just a little larger so I could get the job done even faster.
Great Unit. Much the same as one I owned over twenty years ago. Why (fix) change the design if it doesn't need changing (fixing).  The only difference between the old Model & the new one is that there is a switch in the cover that allows you time to pour the water into unit & then place the pot underneath. Also it seems cheaper material is now being used.Keeps water hot all the time (except there is a vacation off switch) so you are able to make coffee in about three minutes.Real nice unit.
Nothing Fancy, but functional. I ordered this yarn for a net ring project and am happy with the price, convenience and quality of using this yarn.  It is a durable blend with consistant quality
Very stylish. I have some Fiesta Wear in another color and am always very happy to mix and match.  This teapot is great for when people come over and I can place it on my warming burner without hurting it
Relatively accurate. I bought one of these for my girlfriend... THEN read the reviews! In my opinion it appears to work fairly well. The sensitivity switch needs to be adjusted depending on personal usage. To the far left seems to work best for 'normal' walking. As I said, in terms of accuracy, I think it's pretty good. The radio portion of the unit is reason for the '4 out of 5' stars. The sound is "tinny"; it's NOT stereo; there's NO frequency disply; and the 'super-mini' plug forbids you from using a better set of headphones (earbuds) because the actual plug is too small to accomodate the standard plug size! Though overall, when comparing price to features... this little fella will probably suit your needs. If you already have a Walkman (or don't care about audio) the unit with the calorie counter would be a better bet
Excellent Product, Brightens Apartment. I had the problem in my apartment of too many dark corners. This lamp was an excellent solution. I didn't have any problems setting it up. It stands up straight. I really like the three light settings. Excellent buy
Beautiful versitile lamp. I bought 2 of these lamps for my family room. I had ceramic lamps that were knocked over twice and broken. So I thought I would try these. Not only are they beautiful, but very versitile. They have been knocked over several times by my young children and they never broke. They go with almost any decor. I only wish they were a little bigger, because they stand just under 2 feet. But I recommend them especially for the money
Great bowls. These bowls have been in my home for a few years now.  We have used them for cereal in the morning for warming up food in the microwave.  They are nice looking and very functional.  When we needed another bowl when one broke, we knew we would get another fiestaware bowl
Great Knives. I've owned them little less than a year and they still work great.  They look very modern and sleek and it really cuts/slices well
Size Perfect!. I ordered 2 of these packet sugar caddy pieces. One in orange and the other one in yellow (my husband and I use different brands of sweeteners). And not to mention the nicely smooth vitrified ceramic look that brings out the colors more vividly, I was also pleased to verify that each caddy can hold about 40 packets of sweetener!I'm so happy I've found these. I was so sick of those clear glass ones that you see in every caffeteria/restaurant out there. Got them quickly too! Now I'm sold for the Fiestaware Collection, have to get me some other pieces..
Works better than expected. I was leary but desperate when I purchased this item (the cats kept messing on our sofa and the cleaning bills were getting outrageous).  This has effectively scared the cats off the sofa.  I only gave it 4 stars, though, because once we moved it to another area of the house it has not worked as effectively there, but it did a great job in the first area (the sofa)
Great Vacuum. After setting up the vacuum and turning it on.  Even without the brush on nor moving it from the upright position.  I saw it starting to suck dust like crazy.  This vacuum is great and a awesome replacement for your current 3-5 year old vacuum.One thing great about this vacuum is that it turns off the brush where there is no lateral movement.  Which preserves the brushes.Great Buy!!
A little twitchy. I purchased this scale for my wife to use while we were travelling. She uses a food scale for portion control and wanted to have a scale while we were on a cruise.  (A time for portion control if ever there was one...)  We found that the scale was too sensitive for use on the ship, as the ship movement caused the readings to jump all over and not settle down.  At home in the kitchen, it works well, though for a food scale one needs to consider if they need hundredths of an ounce.  Also, if one is at home in the kitchen, this may not be the scale that you reach for.All, in all, it is a solid piece of equipment that works as advertised and is handy and discreet for use when away from home.  If you are going to be in a place where there will not be a sturdy, steady place to do your weighing, you may want to look for a mechanical scale that is not so sensitive
Oster Milkshake maker. I purchased this Oster Milkshake maker for my son-in-law for Christmas. He had owned an inferior one with plastic parts & it broke. This maker is made of stainless steel parts, with a stainless receptacle and makes "restaurant style" milkshakes. He & my grandchild have had great fun creating and serving designer shakes to the whole family. It mixes smoothly in no time and is very easy to clean. I highly recommend this over any other on the market
Useful and Pretty. These bowls look so pretty on a table with the rest of my chutney dishes and I can use them to cook things like vegetables in the microwave and bring them steaming hot right to the dinner table.  The 3 sizes are handy for a variety of cooking and serving situations and then they go right in the dishwasher!  I really love them
It looks wonderful on the Kitchen table. We use this to serve ice water at meals.  It is so beautiful.  It holds a full 2 qts.  Not much else to say about it.  It is a water pitcher after all.  It is a pretty piece that just looks great on the table. We have two, one for each end of the table
Wonderful tool!. I recently purchased the flip and fold and am extemely happy with it.  As my husband said, "Our clothes have never looked better."  It does everything the ad says -- the only thing that could be better was if it got the clothes out of the dryer and folded them by itself!  Clothing takes up much less space.  If anything ever happens to it, I will be ordering another one!
Good but not like the cast iron products. lets face it we all can't be great at everything. Le Creuset does the cast iron thing really, really well.  The Le Creuset  ceramics are good too, but, Emile Henry is to ceramics as Le Creuset is to porcellain cast iron.see my review on Emile Henry and Cuisinart products.
Sango Nova Blue Ceramic Spoon Rest. Great!  I love it!!  Goes great with my kitchen
Perfect Chilli bowl!. I just love Fiestaware and this is the perfect chili bowl! It is a great size for chili or soup! The quality is fantastic adn the price was very good
No such thing. There is no such thing called "carbon iron" for woks. Check out the book called "the Breath of the Wok", It'll tell you all about each wok
6 at a time waffle iron. this is a great waffle iron. I am so very pleased with it and so is my family. I have had other waffle irons in the past, but for belgian waffles this is the best iron
Great pan - great price. Cooks nicely, non-stick performs well, great new shape. Very satisfied customer! The cherry cheesecake recipe included is good, too. **Hint: use recipes for 10-in round pans to make full use of the pa
wedding cake cookie cutters. The cookies were amazing. I really liked using these cutters. They came 5 days earlier which was perfect since I was doing them for bridal shower favors. The only problem I had was that I ordered two of the same size, and when they came in the mail, one was smaller. I had two different size cookies
Old Dutch Half Round Pot Rack, Chrome. Very pleased.  Item arrived fast, packed well, assembled fast and looks great on the wall.  Great price for this item.  Holds all that we need and has the shelf for the pot lids on top.  Recommended AAA++
Heavy with no noticeable wear after a year... I am in love with this cookware line. The weight is great (that is, very heavy), I've never experienced any "hot-spotting" or other troubles with the cookware itself (and that's even at my new apartment, where the stove is simply awful). Food began turning out better after I purchased these, and I will probably purchase no other brand in the future. I have had the lids fall from my lid rack that is mounted on my wall a distance of 3-4 feet and none have broken, so fear not if glass lids make you nervous- these are well built. My only advice is to hand wash- it will keep the rubber grips from warping and the set looking new for years to come.
great dehydrator. I bought this item as a means to deal with the overabundance of produce coming out of my garden!!! I have dried tomatoes, apples, apricots, peppers, and made a ton of venison jerky using this machine.  I also purchased the extra "layers" enabling me to be more efficient and do even more drying in the same amount of time.  The tomatoes came out EXACTLY like the package of sun-dried tomatoes that you would buy in the store!  They were such a hit (and I dried so many) that I even sold them to a local cafe.  Everything I have dried has come out amazing.  I bought the fruit leather screen and the jerky screen and both came out beautiful.  There are two drawbacks to this dehydrator: 1) is that it is pretty noisy and 2) there is no "auto off" feature.  The machine stays on as long as it is plugged in, so you do have to come back and check the food every hour or so to make sure everything's going okay.  But all in all, it's a great product, I have yet to have a problem with it.
A great starter piece or addition to your Le Creuset collection. Le Creuset manufactures porcelain enameled cast iron cooking vessels as well as other products. Le Creuset casts these cooking vessels from molten iron poured in sand moulds that are used only once. For this reason, one pot may look like another, but each is unique in its own way.Cast iron is a highly efficient material which absorbs and distributes heat efficiently. It is recommended that cooking with cast iron is done on low to medium heat. However, there are exceptions like boiling water where cooking on high heat is appropriate and okay. Remove cast iron from the heat and it does not cool off quickly. This heat retention helps your food stay warm while serving. Beware; iron tends to be heavy so are these cooking vessels.Cast iron is an effective material for cooking so why cover it with enamel? Iron tends to rust; iron oxide (rust) doesn't add any complimentary flavors to your food. If your cast iron cooking vessel was not enameled, you would have to season and maintain your cooking vessel. Adding the porcelain enamel not only looks good, but has multiple benefits. The enamel, being a solid coating, is one of the most hygienic surfaces to cook on, does not stain, absorb odors, retain flavors, and is easy to clean. The enamel can be damaged, so limit cooking tools to plastic or wood.The benefits of cooking with Le Creuset cast iron are many, but lets get down to the buffet casserole specifically. The buffet casseroles are one of the most versatile pieces in the Le Creuset lineup.  Use this pan as a saut pan, a roasting pan, for poaching, or as a shallow braiser.  The 3.5 quart capacity can is plenty of space when it comes to casseroles, so consider your recipes when determining the size you need. The buffet casserole tends to do best if at least three quarters full. Any less and you may overwhelm your food with the evenly dispersed heat in the pot.With a large flat bottom that curves up this pan resembles a curved sided saute pan the only thing missing would be a long handle. The tight fitting lid is mostly flat with curved sides. This lid seals in heat, moisture, and flavors and can be used to hold your meat while you are making a sauce from the drippings. Its shape and design makes this an extremely versatile pan.I tend to use this pot for basic dishes like smothered pork chops more than anything else. But once you get past the basic functionality that lends itself to recipes such as paella, frittatas, deep dish pizza, and casseroles, you can really open up the possibilities.  Keep in mind this is a 3.5 quart pan, feeding two out if it is ridiculous unless you want leftovers. It is probably the perfect size for a family of four in most cases.  Try baking pineapple upside down cake or bread pudding for when you need to please many guests, poaching fish, or Mac and Cheese. The possibilities almost seem endless.One feature that people tend to complain about is the cost. The cost does seem steep compared to other pans made from other materials. Heck, cast iron doesn't seem like it should be expensive when comparing to that old cast iron pan past generations have used for cornbread and camping. However the manufacturing process requires making a mould for each and every pan produced. They then go through the enameling process before shipping these heavy pans. If you take what goes into making and distributing these high quality cast iron products, the cost tends to make sense. Then consider that this pan will easily last a lifetime when taken care of.PROS:Extremely versatileEfficient absorption and distribution of heatHygienic enamel cooking surfaceDoes not stain, absorb odors, or retain flavorsEasy to clean when not abused or misusedCan be transferred from stove top to the oven to the tableCan easily last a lifetimeCONS:Its heavy, as cast iron tends to be weighing in at about 12.25 pounds
great griddle. I searched forever to find the right sized griddle for our stovetop gas range.  I didn't want a two-sided cast iron "camp griddle", nor did I want a cheap thin one with non-stick surface that fails right away.  This was for my wife, who is a great cook, so it needed to be high quality with good heat transfer.  This Kitchen Aid griddle is all of that and looks great with the ceramic red exterior.  It is simple, flat, with low sides makes it easy to get a spatula under the pancakes close the edge.  The handles are low, so it fit under the backsplash of our GE range (I returned a Calphalon version with high handles that didn't fit).
Worked for a year and then broke. We use this in our baby's room and it has worked fine through two winters so far.  The water filter is a great plus to make sure we are getting a clean mist.  We have never had any of the "puddle" problems others have written about. I would recommend this item.  The only down side for me is that it goes through the water tank pretty quickly. UPDATE: 1 year later, it quit working.  I would no longer suggest you purchased this unit.  I wish I could reduce this to 1 star
the best darn space heater, EVER. i consider myself a space heater pro.  i have tried so many heaters and only this one, this year, has been worthy of a review.  BUY THIS HEATER.  i love it so much that i bought two more when i loaned my original to my sister:)it is great.  the tower has two heat options that are fantastic.  it heats the whole room if you need it to.a must have for chilly nights
bargin  fan. i am still trying to figure out how this fan and the other honeywell fan differ (other than this is 24.99 and the other is 39.99). mine has the exact features as the more expensive one even though this is described as a bargin unit. this has the individual fan controls, directional grills, thermostat.... i would advise since this product is 24.99 to purchase something else too so you can take advantage of the free shipping. i didnt really need anything else so i picked up a 1.99 cat toy and got the free shipping instead of forking out the 14 bucks shipping would have cost without the additional purchase
Great flatware for the price!. First, I did not purchase this flatware from Amazon.  I purchased it from our local Kohl's.  It was on sale (clearance) for $15.  I bought two sets. I have young children and realize that every once and a while place settings find their way to the trash or outdoors!We absolutely love the flatware.  It is sturdy and doesn't bend like many lesser quality flatware.  The only complaint that I have is that in my dishwasher it the individual pieces (spoons with spoons, forks with forks) tend to attach to each other and not get clean.  I try and keep the pieces separated and this tends to resolve the problem.  The only other issue is that the flatware does have a tendency to spot, but this may also be my dishwasher.If you can find this flatware, buy it!!!  You won't be disappointed
I LIKE it. I've discovered if I wet the infuser just before adding the tea  the smaller particles expand and less tea "dust" falls through.  This infuser is easy to clean and has a nice appearance.  It can be used in either a single cup or in any teapot (of course you need to adjust the quantity of tea leaves).
X Tra Nice. I am very pleased with my new Stainless Steel Mixing Bowl Set.It is easy to clean, easy to use and looks great too.  It does an especially nice job with whipping cream and dough ... the SS gets nice and cold in the freezer
How's THIS for a multi-tasker, Alton Brown?. With this early Christmas present from my loving wife, I can weigh the dry ingredients for our weekly batch of Belgian waffles, then perfectly time the baking with the built-in repeatable timer.To test the scale's accuracy, I set a 2-cup measuring cup on the platform before switching it on so it would zero out with the weight of the cup.  I then slowly poured water into the cup until the display read 8 ounces (every fan of "Good Eats" on Food Network knows "a pint is a pound the whole world 'round," thus, a cup of liquid weighs 8 ounces).  The water just kissed the 8 ounce marking on the measuring cup.  That's more accuracy than anyone needs in the kitchen.  The TARE button lets you zero out the scale after each ingredient so you don't have to add up the total weight.The platform looks small but will handle a 10 inch dinner plate without obscuring the display.  Like my prized Waring PRO Belgian waffle maker (also a Christmas gift from my darling Cathy), the scale is handsome enough to leave on display all the time
Review of one touch can opener. We are very pleased with this item and tried to purchase another just like it but you were out of them at the time
Shamrock rocks!. These mugs were gorgeous... nice and big to fill up with cocoa after being out in the snow!  The color is beautiful - a little darker than the retired chartreuse - but they look wonderful with the cobalt, sunflower, plum, &amp; turquoise I already have
Loving it and so are my guests. I learned of Raclette while living in Germany several years ago and found upon return to the States, that they were no where to be found.  Now they are available and I love the one I bought.  In fact, I am ordering another as a late Christmas gift.  It is great for dinner parties and keeps guests happy they are eating what they selected and cooked to their liking
Lazy cat now playful. I just recd Da Bird in the mail today and my cats are going crazy for it.  they never usually play together and they were today with Da Bird.  The male cat doesn't like to play for more than a few minutes and he played until I got tired.
A great kettle but i got it for less. i'm a regular amazon customer but i got this kettle for less at bed bath beyong with a 20% coupon -- price, convenience & quality
An awsome product!. For weeks I was trying to think of how I would get my dog to tell me when he wanted to go out.  THis did the trick
Extremely Satisfied. This is a very good product. It is exactly as it is pictured and described; clear,insulated, unbreakable, and does not leave a ring on your table. The company is very quick shipping, along with great follow up and follow through. A fine product, and I will be ordering more
YEA,IT'S WORTH THE PRICE. if you had asked me about paying this kind of price for a coffee maker several months back,i would have said you were crazy.after having this model for about 6 months,yes,it's worth the price.easy to use,easy to clean.i can't ask for much more.after a trip to europe,we got hooked on really good coffee.anywhere you went,it was there.when we got home,we always wished we could still have it all of the time.now we can,by just walking in the kitchen and pushing a button
Just the right size and well made. This stainless steel stock pot is just right for those of us who can't fit our favorite soup recipes into a dutch oven. Cleaning it is a breeze, and it is still small enough to fit on a convenient cabinet shelf. That says it all
great. This is a great set!! No problems...Easy to wash and leaves no rust stains from the dishwasher like most other flatware
Very nice, but not as pictured. A very nice spoon but it's a &quot;slotted&quot; spoon -- not a solid spoon as in the picture
Nice and big!. I cook alot so I get quite a bit of use out of the splatter screen.  This one is much better than the old fashioned metal/plastic type ones.  My only complaint is that these are not dishwasher recommended.  I have put this in the dishwasher a few times though and had no problems. (I use Air Dry Heat for my machine)
My favorite timer ever. This great little timer has an alarm you can really hear! It's versatile, with an hours/minutes or minutes/seconds selection, and stands alone, clips (clothespin-style), or attaches to a metal surface with its strong magnet.  It's a beautiful red, and its light flashes with the alarm.  No chance ignoring this one.  I may never again let a pot boil dry..
Hercules Hooks. Works as advertised.Can not be used if wall stud is directly behind use point.At roughly $1 per hook, a hammer and nail makes moresense
gorgeous sheets for so cheap!. i bought these sheets for about $20.  400tc, egyptian cotton queen size sheets for $20!  what an awesome deal--my sheets were a steal, but these are a really great deal for anything under $50.  i was prepared for cheap sheets (sometime you never know even with the higher tc), but they turned out to be awesome.  the sheets are thick (but not heavy) and soft, and the color is a mellow green.  i've had them for 6 months now, and i love them
wonderful vacuum for wife!. I just brought this for my wife.  She loves it!Pros:-light weight-looks good!-good suction power-adjustable suction power-comes with power nozzel, its normally a 50 dollar option on other brands.-pretty darn quiet (motor)-easy to find bags at Lowes and online.-HEPA filters.- for $240 ish, its a good deal considering that you pay 50 for the nozzel head alone.-swivel hose-crush proof hose (almost)-decent build quality-handle in balance postion for easily carrying.Cons:-bags are a bit small but then it is a small vacuum - so go figure...-nozzel are noisy but that's because it has good suction power.Noise comes from the air flowing pass the wand.-accessories right next to the wand is a good or bad thing.  Its up to the person using it.  I find it useful and it does not fall off easily as someone said.  I guess they must have attached it wrong.  Yes, if someone does push it, it will come off.-build quality is not a Miele but you are paying 2x for one.Performance:It works well on hard surfaces and low to medium pile carpet using the turbo nozzel.  Its not going to beat out an motorized brush head but its pretty good.  What's nice that it is light weight - i can carry it up and down the stairs easily while vacuuming each stair.I recommend this for people who do moderate cleaning. If you do heavy cleaning, perhaps a miele.  Those can take more of a beating...
Wonderful mixer!. This is an absolutely wonderful mixer. I can even talk on the phone while using it it is so quiet. I bought it after reading the reports on stand mixers in Consumer Reports----and they were "right on"! It looks good and does a great job!  Karlee
I love it. I love this cat house. My cat loves to hide, so I usually use it as house wihout holding it.  When she sleeps, she always go inside of it.
Beautiful Dishes!. I love these! I wanted them for a long time, had them on my favorites from BHG, but when I finally went to purchase them they no longer had them. I decided to check Amazon and I am so glad I did. I think they are such a bargain. They have the "feel" of china. My daughter loves them too. I will buy more to save for gifts.
Law Student's best friend. I bought this bookstand at the beginning of 1L after a lengthy search and lots of testing.This bookstand is metal, and it has a rubber serrated grip to hold the base of a book in a variety of positions.  For me, this is a key feature b/c I use the bookstand at many different locations, and I use desks and tables of different heights.  I adjust the main angle w/ the stand in the back, and furtther adjust the book's angle by wedging the spine into a rubber slot at the base.I should note two other benefits.  First, for a year and a half I've put 1200 + page casebooks in this book stand and it's never bent; and I can get the spines of those casebooks to flatten out with the stabilizer arm.  Huge ++.  Second, I can lean into my casebooks and write in the margins.  This bookstand support my upperbody weight.  I don't think you'll find a plastic stand, or a wire stand, that will do that.In sum, if you're in law school, this stand will be your best friend.  Your neck muscles will appreciate the investment
Great Toaster Oven. After several weeks of use, I am very pleased with this purchase.  Toast is always perfect, and frozen pizzas fit with room to spare.  Baked potatoes are done in less than an hour.
Nice Sheets. soft smooth silky wonderful sheets, they havent left my bed except to be washed since I got them.
Quite possibly the best thing since slice bread!!. This is the best pan for the price, you cant get better pan then this.  iT COOKS EGGS GOOD.  asp[ecialy in the morning, after a long afternoon of drinking Schlitz Primo.  sometimes i like fried bologna samiches when my wife makes it with this pan.  its the only thing shes good at, before she couldnt cook but now,  LOOK AT HER!!  shes a pro now because of the pan.  she used to burn water, but not anymore!  nonstick is much better that stick, on the All-Clad LTD 14-Inch Nonstick Fry Pan.  i never clean pan bfore, wife clean it-sed is easy.  if you like good eggs and bologna-fried, and no stick--buy no!!
simple, elegant, cheap (for a coffee mug). This mug combines the best elements of a thermos with a more traditional travel mug.  When sealed, it does not leak and can be carried like a thermos and keeps my coffee hot until I'm ready to drink it.   To use it as a mug is as easy as pushing a button on the top and drinking.  It doesn't have a handle, which I find annoying on a mug.  It is proportioned well in terms of dimension, and its appearance is compact.I've had it for a few weeks, so I don't know how hardy it is.  As with most new items that include plastic, it had that slightly creepy smell that makes you wonder what exactly is entering your body, but that smell is now dissipated
Wonderful mixer!. This is an absolutely wonderful mixer. I can even talk on the phone while using it it is so quiet. I bought it after reading the reports on stand mixers in Consumer Reports----and they were "right on"! It looks good and does a great job!  Karlee
sharp sharp sharp. very good knife, althrough the Hollow Ground was a big deal.But to me 8 inch chief is too big.
Springform Pan. This was a great experience. The product was just as described. I would purchase from them again
cuisinart 7-speed hand mixer. While I've only used it once so far, it has lived up to Cuisinart high quality reputation and a very good product value for the price point.  The quality and functioning also appear to be consistent with the positive reviews I researched/reviewed.  Most importantly, for a hand mixer it appears to have sufficient power for tougher mixing jobs.  And, the slow-start and variable speed feature is wonderful, and now one I wouldn't be without.  The only thing this particular Cuisinart  model doesn't have that its close competitor, Kitchen Aid DOES have, are the dough beater and blender attachments.  Oh well, as with just about any decision in life, it's all about tradeoffs
Perfect for the holidays. This mixer works very well, surprised how well it compares to other more expensive machines.
These filters also fit Hamilton Beach Air Cleaner Model 04150. Although it doesn't mention it, these filters also fit the Hamilton Beach Air Cleaner Model 04150. I had to email Hamilton Beach to find out, but they were very helpful and responded right away. When the filters arrived from Amazon, I saw that on the box it says "Fits Models 04160, 04161 & 04150."With our cat and houseful of antiques, we always seem to have dust bunnies floating around. I run this model in our office, under the table which holds the computer. Since placing it there I have noticed the buildup of dust around the modem is almost entirely eliminated. I placed the larger model in our living room and it certainly is doing its job. The regular settings can be louder than expected, but I leave them on the "whisper quiet" setting when we're in that room and I don't even notice them being on. I would definitley recommend the Hamilton Beach air cleaners
You'll like this one. I stumbled accross this neat little item on Amazon and it is just what I've been looking for. Keeps soft butter fresh and at hand. Good size and comfortable to use. I love my butter keeper
Great Wine Saver product. Need the Swissmar wine pump to go with these wine stoppers.  Have tried other wine stopper/vac sets and this is my favorite one.
A Versatile Kitchen tool. I have just ordered my third 2 cup Wonder Cup.  I like it because it makes it possible to measure odd sizes (1/8 cup, 4 Tablespoons, a cup minus 1 Tablespoon) without cluttering up my kitchen with lots of specialty sized measuring cups and spoons.  I use it mostly for peanutbutter, shortening, butter, honey, syrup and other solid or sticky things.  Pouring liquids from it is messy, though not impossible.My first was cracked during a move.  The current one I own has served me quite well for three years of use, approximately once a week.  I do hand wash it after each use.  I'm only replacing this one because some of the measuring marks have worn off.I still use traditional measuring cups and spoons, too, but this one is a must have if you do much baking
Durable and looks great. I am very pleased with this 7 piece set.  I was able to put the table and chairs together in one afternoon using the included instructions and without any assistance or extra tools.  I have a small dining area that I wanted to use this in and the table without the leaf serves for intimate dining for four.  The wood is a deep, espresso brown with a satin finish and of very good quality.  The design is sleek and elegant and the effect is wonderfully modern and durable.I did end up buying some attractive dining cushions for the chairs, but it was for preferred comfort and not lack of style.  The included leaf is easy to install when needed and easy to remove when ready to store.  I wish it had come with a protective sleeve for storage, but I am not sure if very many dining sets come with something like that.Overall, the buying experience with the merchant through Amazon was great despite a small shipping delay and their customer service was consistent and helpful.  Cheers
Excellent pot rack. This pot rack works great, however, we hung it upside down from what the picture shows.  This way it is much more solid, attached to the wall joists, and still looks very nice. I have four iron skillets hanging from it.Great price too.
Excellent Dehydrator. I received this for Christmas and haved used it daily since.  The beef jerky is outstanding and only takes a few hours to make from start to finish. I highly recommend this product!
Why buy any other Wine Opener?. I have purchased several wine openers over the years.  All of them had issues, except this one.  Easy and fast, this wine opener is everything you want in wine opener without the hassle.  Just ensure that you have a full charge before using it
Works as expected. I've had these batteries in my dogs collar and they have worked just fine as far as I can tell.  He hasn't escaped at all with his collar on
get exactly what you pay for. This decanter is perfect for everyday use if you drink a lot of wine - it's great for us because we don't have an area to cellar wine, so we decant it to take some of the edge off of a young wine.  If you don't drink a lot of wine, this decanter is perfect for a special occasion.  Since it doesn't have any decorative cutting, you can really see the wine's true color and the simple shape will work on anyone's holiday table
doggy crate. Great bargain for the price.  Similar items in the stores for much more.  Easy assembly!  Bottom tray slides in and out for easy clean up.  Sturdy composure
Beautiful Accent Piece. I recieved this from my husband after he got it as a gift at a Secret Santa Party. It is a really beautiful set and all the candles and accents matched what was advertized. I set it up in my office (in a different pattern from what was shown) and it really adds a nice touch, especially with its blend of soothing smells.My only complaint is that one of the glass stones was broken in half and the other half could not be found- it probably slipped through the quality control department at the factory. But it had plenty of others to compensate, so it's not a big deal.I highly recommend this product, especially if you like to "customize" and design your centerpieces rather than have them "pre-assembled.
cat tree. my daughter's cat absolutely loves this tree.  She plays for hours at climbing and batting the balls around
Great Value. Great value and product. 2 carafes for one price.  They work great
Rich looking. Very pleased with purchase. Only drawback was waiting over 2 weeks for delivery
Chris from Atlanta, GA. Great piece, easy to build with clear instructions. All parts were in tact with nothing damaged. Only took about 1 hour to put together and looks fantastic. Made of real wood and a Great addition to my home
Not worth the money. Can't change the score, but should be 2. First perspective that got the 4 rating: Love the bowls. Feel a bit ripped by the price. Over $20 a bowl is a lot to pay, but for cereal and icecream, these bowls are great. Don't buy enough for a large meal or table setting. These are for you and your favorite book in bed on Saturday morning. Deep bowls but not too large. Perfect for cereal and milk.Can't change the score but adding commentary - bowls do not wear as well as I would like. The insides get scratched up and do not look as good. Plus, you cannot microwave them. I would not recommend versus cheaper bowls at Crate and Barrel that I bought later
Very pleased. I like having everything mathing my dishes to set a table. The lasagna pan came broken and Amazon.com promptly replaced it for me. I am very happy with the purhcase
Nice pillow to cuddle with. Very nice pillow to cuddle with (for the money). I wouldnt spend more than $7-$8 on one but at $3 they are a great deal
Easy Baby. Have to disagree with the other reviewer here ...  I purchased a Baby biOrb recently for my new Betta, after having my first betta living in an airless bowl for a couple years.  I simply got tired of cleaning a stinky bowl every week. As a result, I went shoppin for a new tank with a bubbler and filter system and found the Baby biOrb.While I agree that the maintence costs are significant at $132/ year (if you need to change a filter every 4 weeks), the costs balance with ease of maintenance.  Personally, my experience with cleaning the Baby biOrb was a snap with the optional suction hose.  Took me fifteen minutes to clean the tank, drain the grimey water and add new water.  Couldn't have been much easier.  And, I am not sure how anyone could have a problem swapping filter cartriges unless they have motor skills issues.I also built a noise dampening box for the air pump - my only real complaint is that the "whisper quiet" pump sounds like a mini jackhammer after about five minutes.Great product and looks awesome.
5 shelf storage unit. I just purchased a second unit. I went together easily. I did not have any problems with assembly and did not receive any cuts while assembling it bare handed
Great Fiestaware Deal. Product arrived packed very well and quality was outstanding !Would definetely order again
Just what I wanted. This carafe is inexpensive and keeps the liquid hot for at least 12 hours. The only problem was that it had scratches and little stains on the lid and the surrounding area, even though it was delivered perfectly packaged.  I am guessing Amazon sent me a returned item, not properly check.  Two out of three items in that order came with scratches!  I am a new customer and this is very disappointing, since up to now I did not have any problems with other sellers.I am not returning it because my previous carafe (Guzzini) after six months began to leak, so I need the carafe now.
I love this!!. Perhaps like you, I love silicone.  This large spatula is quite nice.  You can do anything with silicone.  You can fry, poach, make soups, and there is never a worry about heat.  Le Crueset makes fine quality silicone utensils, but their wood is unfinished, so unless you keep them oiled, they will age and spilter.  These you can remove the top if you like but the wooden handles are treated, and are water resistant.In addition to these being made for the long hall, their shape is unique.  I like that the shape is slightly angled, this makes it easier to run along the edges of a bowl.  I  have been so happy with my purchase of these!  I can't say enough good things about them.  I would recommend these over other manufactors, they are better made, and improve in others weaker areas.  A must have for your kitchen
A very useful product!. If you believe in preping ingredients before you cook, as I do, these bowls are extremely handy, particularly as they each have a line inside that indicates 1/2 the bowl's measure; e.g. 1 1/2 cup bowl has a 3/4 cup line, etc. This effectively doubles their use. They seem very rugged and easy to clean as well
Chemex Unbleached Square Coffee Filter. Excellent Product at a reasonable price.  The unbleached Chemex coffee filters provide a more pure coffee flavour without adding a chemical taste to the brew that using bleached filters brings.  I only wish Chemex sold the unbleached filters in the 12" round unfolded style.
Fiestaware canister. It's Fiesta ware what's not to love!  Couldn't find this one anywhere else
Memories. My mother had a set of Franciscan Apple dinnerware as I was growing up, though I never thought too much about what I was eating off of at the time.  Later, as a wife and mother myself, I was looking for a theme around which to decorate my kitchen.  We had just moved to Appleton, WI (16 years ago) so I decided to use an &quot;apple&quot; theme, w/o even connecting the idea with my mom's dishes.  I was frankly surprised to visit my parents and become reacquainted with the Franciscan dishes. Over the years I've collected innumerable apple items, but my goal is to have a set of Franciscan apple dishes of my own!  They do chip, but they last forever and retain their color beautifully
Perfect  Gourmet Pizza. I have made pizza at home for years, tried regular old aluminum cookie sheets, clay pizza stones and now finally this All Clad soapstone. It is far and away superior to any other way of  cooking pizza at home. The stainless steel holder provides for easy transport in and out of the oven as everyone clamors to make the next pizza. This is a huge asset as these pizza stones are heavy and unwieldy. The hot stone gives you a crisp bottom and thoroughly cooked crust (ever get a raw in the middle job? Yuck!). Highly recommended
New Step-Stool. Love this new step-stool. It opens and closed very easily unlike our previous one that was very difficult
None My Size, Rats!. 4 out of my 8 cats love it, and of those 4 who do, for 2 of them it is one of their favorite places to sleep the day or the night away. I really like it myself and wish there was one in my size because I would most certainly try it out!
These HEPA filters also fit the Hamilton Beach Air Cleaner Model 04152. Although it doesn't mention it, these HEPA filters also fit the Hamilton Beach Air Cleaner Model 04152. I had to email Hamilton Beach to find out, but they were very helpful and responded right away. When the filters arrived from Amazon, I saw that on the box it says "Fits Models 04162, 04163 & 04152."With our cat and houseful of antiques, we always seem to have dust bunnies floating around. I run this model in our office, under the table which holds the computer. Since placing it there I have noticed the buildup of dust around the modem is almost entirely eliminated. I placed the larger model in our living room and it certainly is doing its job. The regular settings can be louder than expected, but I leave them on the "whisper quiet" setting when we're in that room and I don't even notice them being on. I would definitely recommend the Hamilton Beach air cleaners
Great Garbage Can !!!. It's great I had another one that broke but this a great size and the bag stays securley in place! And my 2yr old does not get into it. I love it
Great Pan Handler. This is very useful....when you remember to use it.  The product is excellent and has helped a great deal but usually sits in a drawer
Good Quality. I was really pleased with this set of pan. They are a wonderful weight and quality. I've had perfect results everytime I've used them.
HERE's  YOUR  VALENTINE  SOLUTION  #1 . . . Sometimes the stress of choosing the perfect gift is just too much. So whether Valentine's Day is looming /OR/ a  "significant"  birthday . . . perhaps you should go with Solomon and choose both?For under $25. you can leave the choice to your beloved: either a Black OXO, or a Black SWING-AWAY. In other words, one for the home kitchen & another for the summer place /OR/ one for the cats & one for the humanoids /OR/ one for everyday heavy duty /OR/ a second to distract you at stressful times like electric outages and terrorism by offspring? (name your own trauma-time).The OXO will definitely fill the latter slot; it is right upfront MACHO. If black is 'her' color, remember that ergonomic handles speak kindly to anyone who has suffered through the aftermath (in the kitchen) of carpal tunnel surgery.Keep "Swing Away" /AND/ OXO on your list (*# B00004OCKG*)  and go for the big investment, is the advice of Reviewer mcHAIKU. Yours will be a happier household and that counts for plenty on these special occasion days that pop up all too often. You can have both "the SWING AWAY name you can trust" (even though it no longer swings back against the wall) that has made its mark in outer space /AND/ you can also go with OXO, a name for the 21st Century if ever there was one,  not to mention the "good grips"!I'm not sure I could describe a can opener as "EXCITING" but in this land of many electric outages I wouldn't want to exist without one, especially OXO / AND / *SWING AWAY*.
MUY BONITO. SOY COLECCIONISTA DE CERDITOS, TENGO DE TODAS FORMAS, TAMAOS Y COLORES, ESTE ESTA LIND
Great products and excellent customer service. My order arrived in a timely fashion as promised however when I opened the carefully packed box the glass funnel in my `Wine For Later Decanter Set' was broke.A quick email to The Wine Enthusiast Co.'s customer service rep, Cheryl Nadler, and two days later a complete replacement `Wine For Later Decanter Set' was delivered to my door step.Now I have no excuse not to open two bottles of wine `for later'!!Great products and excellent customer service.
Not just for documents!. I use these boxes stacked on my bookshelf to store projects I am working on. The colors are nice, the boxes are an almost (but not quite!) transparent plastic.  They look cute on the bookshelf.  They require a bit of "assembly" which was easy as pie.  They seem quite sturdy, are easy to wipe dust off of, and the colors are attractive.  My only complaint is that the purple one is a bit brownish.  I found them quite worth the money as a visually appealing storage solution
Love this bakeware. This makes baking so much easier, things just pop right out.  The light weight and noiselessness of the product make this a real winner.  Baking just keeps getting easier and easier.  I have replaced all my bakeware possible with these silicone bakeware items.  I love them
Good cheap crystal. That's it. It's a good cheap crystal set. Glasses are heavy and thick and they do feel a little bit bulky, but they look just fine on the table - still sparkling and shiny. You probably will not cry if you brake one of these, but that's what makes this set even better! It's crystal but it's very practical and very cheap.Packing wasn't great, but surprisingly all glasses were OK. I ordered this set on Dec 31 and my estimated delivery date was showing as  Jan 27.  But I received them on Jan 2!The bottom line - I will definitely keep this crystal set and use it for all possible occasions. I will get another one as a gift for my friend - it comes in an elegant white box
Great product, speedy delivery. I am very pleased with both the product and the merchant.  The delivery was prompt, and the rice cooker arrived in perfect condition.  This is the second Sanyo rice cooker that I own.  The thick inner pot is a great plus over my first one - it looks and feels very sturdy.  The only thing I miss is the peeping sound my old Sanyo cooker makes to confirm that I have changed the option and the signal sound I hear when the rice is done.  Overall, a great cooker that produces great results
LOVE THAT ROOSTER. THESE DISHES ARE BEAUTIFUL. THEY REALLY BRIGHTEN UP OUR MORNINGS. THEY ARE CHEERFUL, CASUAL AND COLORFUL. WE LOVE THEM
Nice touch, but color might fade. I just purchased one set of this sheet. The touch is nice. But I didn't expect the color fade. I put the detergent(tide without bleach) directly onto the sheets in the washer. Then the spots touched by detergent changed the color from ivory to white soon. After wash, no further color faded. So if you dilute the detergent first, it should be ok..
Portable Wind Tunnel. This fan is really powerful.  If you want more than a gentle breeze, this bad boy is for you.  It will cool off a hot room quickly.  The only drawback is it's noisy.  That's why I gave it 4 rather than 5 stars.  But for sheer cooling power, this fan is a winner
Great Lamp. It's easy to assemble, sturdy and very bright. There are three levels of lighting/brightness  which is nice for different tasks. It's also nice to be able to move the light heads so you can shine more lights on different areas. Overall, it's a great buy
Recon Kitchen Aid Stand Mixer. Great product and something I had always wanted. This one was factory reconditioned and looks and works just like new. The plus factor here is that it cost only a fraction of the new price-what a deal. With a 6 mo like new warrenty I couldn't go wrong. Am really enjoying making my own hamburger meat,sausages(with an optional meat grinder and sausage maker attachments), cakes, bread, cookies etc
My weapon of choice. In my Kitchen, this 10 inch Global chef's knife is the weapon of my choice.  Throughout my amateur chef years (cooking at home for my wife and friends), I've used various, not cheap, German knives.  I was satisfied with them, not knowing what else was out there. One day, a Japanese friend of mine introduced me to Global knives.  Since then, I've never looked back at German knives.  These swords are so beautiful and exceptionally sharp.  It takes a lot of punishment to dull these knives so I only hone them once a week.  Do yourself and these beautiful knives a favor and get the Global 9-1/2-Inch Ceramic Sharpener and the MinoSharp Water Knife Sharpener.  Take care of your knives and they will take care of you
Advertised but said not available. Do not advertise if not available.  Have been looking for this product for soom time.  My sister ruined the one I had.  You advertised this product on a cleareance sale.  What is wrong
Dirt you never knew you had!. Wow, does this machine get out the dirt!  I went over an area of my carpet that I'd just cleaned with my old vacuum, and it's as if it had never been vacuumed before.This machine is very intelligently designed.  The attachments are convenient and easy to use.  The pet-hair attachment doesn't have its own motor, but it still does fairly well on stairs, etc.As others have mentioned, the vacuum is heavy, and using it is a workout experience, which is how I treat it.  I vacuum a little with each arm and take a break about halfway through (my entire house is carpeted).I only wish that there were a way to control the amount of suction.  One can raise the "carpet height" and that helps a little, but there's still too much suction to use on rugs, either with the base or with the attachments.  I would suggest a little valve that one can open somewhere on the shaft.  That would take care of the problem.On the whole, though, I'm very pleased with my new vacuum
Very nice! A+++!. I have recently become a Wusthof addict! I can't seem to get enough of the Wusthof Classic line. I was thrilled when I saw this deal on the Amazon Friday only sales &amp; without hesitation placed my order. I love the case these come with, the knives are very nice &amp; very sharp. My husband and I both love this set of steak knives! A+++! Ok Amazon.... lets see some more Wusthof on the Friday only sales, I need to add to my Wusthof collection! :o
A good skillet. Good ol' Revere stainless steel skillet. Not too heavy, decent balance, and nooo non-stick coating to worry about!
good deal!. I wish I had ordered more on the last Friday sale! It is so soft and the color look so nice. Much better than the last deal from demestication.
Efficient, Powerful Juicer. Takes a Little Getting Used To. I bought the Waring centrifuge juice extractor, because I wanted a machine as efficient as a commercial juicer. I'm pleased with it. I've used the Waring for more than 3 years, and it's as good as new. It extracts maximum juice from fruits and vegetables, leaving waste that is nearly dry. It never needs to be oiled or lubricated. It only needs to be cleaned, which is reasonably simple. It's truly a workhorse. Its only drawback is that the centrifuge can become unbalanced if a piece of food doesn't fly up against the wall as it should. This causes a horrible noise and vibration, as older washing machines that were not self-balancing sometimes did in spin cycle. If the vibration is minor, quickly juicing another piece of produce or forcing the rest of what you're doing through the feed chute will often fix it. But if the vibration is serious, you must turn the machine off and wait for it to slow down so that you can remove the offending fruit.Once you get the hang of juicing, it becomes easier to avoid unbalancing the machine. Putting fruits and vegetables through the chute at the optimum speed helps. Most produce is of uniform consistency and juices well. A slow, even force works best. Some fruit is lumpier, however, and if an even pressure causes the machine to vibrate, try applying pressure, then easing up, applying pressure again, then easing, etc., in one-second intervals. This works well for pineapple and citrus fruits. Yes, I mention citrus fruits. I juice them without the citrus attachment. If you peel the fruit, slice it in half, and remove the seeds, there is no problem. Feed it through the chute with off-and-on  pressure. The pith from citrus fruit will block the holes in the strainer basket, however, preventing further juice from passing through. If the holes are blocked, you'll end up with juice sloshing around in the centrifuge and not in your glass. If you are juicing citrus this way, empty the waste from the strainer basket after you have juiced 2 oranges or the equivalent. If you are making a drink that includes citrus, juice the other ingredients first, then add the citrus.I use the disposable paper filters, because they make cleanup so much easier. They fit around the inside of the strainer basket and allow me to pull all the waste out in one stroke, saving me the trouble of having to vigorously scrub the strainer basket to remove it. The filters are great for most juices, but cannot be used with juices that are very thick. For example, peach juice is so thick that it is practically pulp. It cannot pass through the filter. Neither can banana. You must forgo the filter for juices with a heavy consistency.The Waring Juice Extractor isn't quiet, especially when it is juicing. It could wake the proverbial dead when it becomes unbalanced. But it extracts maximum juice, and it holds up very well to wear. The plunger, cover, spring clutch (a little knob), cutter blade, strainer basket, and bowl must be washed after every use. All but the strainer basket are smooth and exceptionally easy to clean. The strainer basket can get waste stuck in it. Using filters makes it equally easy to clean, but even if you don't, a vegetable brush makes pretty quick work of it. If you juice a lot, I think the Waring is worth the investment
cool leash. This leash is different with lights for walking your dog in the dark
Fantastic!. Great collar.  Both my cats have had theirs for over two years and have no complaints.
Excellent. I received the items promptly and in perfect condition. There were exaclty what I needed and the whole transaction went extremely smooth. Would absolutely do business with again
PERFECT GIFT FOR THE COOK IN YOUR LIFE!!!!. GREAT FOR PANCAKES AND CREPES.NONSTICK INTERIOR WITH DUPONT COATING. OPTIMUM RELEASE FOR EASY CLEANING
companion to Siliconezone large pastry mat. If you own the large pastry mat from siliconezone for making bread, then you can't use a standard metal scraper that will tear the silicone mat.
Beautiful!. I love this piece of Le Creuset.  It's just beautiful, and so easy to clean up
Cheap and Best. two words describes it all:CHEAP and BESTlook no further because i did, and found this the best deal
Heavy-Duty, High Quality Stainless Cookware; A Best Buy. ***** for quality***** for price***** for ease of use/cleanup***** for ergo handles that stay cool to touchMy testimony is based upon 2 months of use.  Now when I reach for a pot or pan, you can rest assured it will be Henckels.  Magnalite, Calphalon, and other brand name cookware in my kitchen cabinet don't measure up and no longer get used.  Only Le Creuset can give Henkels a run for its money, but at more than three times the cost.  IMO, one would be hard pressed to find any better cookware at this price point.  So if you are in the market for new cookware, you owe it to yourself to  consider Henckels Classic Clad Cookware.  You will be glad you did
Very Satisified. The wife wanted this pattern for quite a while and it makes her very happy.  When your wife is happy, so are you.  Enough said
Finally, a mug warmer that actually WORKS!. I have purchased SEVERAL other brands of mug warmers, trying to find one that actually lives up to what the manufacturer claims.  This one actually does!  It keeps my coffee warm for literally hours (since I'm one to get busy at work and forget my morning coffee sitting on the desk, it will still be hot at lunch time).  I would never purchase any other brand, and would tell others the same who ask me.  This product is the only one to try.  Trust me...I've tried the others
Sharp knives that last forever. I have had Wustof knives for 25 years.  That is I've never replaced them.  If you take care of them they will last your lifetime.  My chefs knife I use everyday.  A few pulls across a steel once in a while and its as sharp as when it was new. This set was for my Father for his birthday. He was thrilled. He said the case was beautifuly made and the long tined fork really impressed him, he knew he could really get a grip on any roast with that fork.  The knife was the best balanced and sharpest he can remember and he has had quite a few.  Quite an impressive gift.
Let a Miele Be Your Umbrella!. I've already reviewed the Miele vacuum cleaner itself, along with the Turbo brush, so I'm a fan of the pricy-but-worth-it-if-you-can-afford-it sucker. If you're reading this, you're probably one too, so I'm not gonna talk about the vacuum cleaner on a net page selling the bags.  I'm just going to relate information on the box about what Miele vacuums this goes with, on the theory that's the main question you have. It's not entertaining, but perhaps it's useful:S241 - S256 iS290 - S291S300 i - S399S500 - S578S700 - S758S4000 - S4999The box comes with 5 bags (they;re strong, I've discovered), 1 dust compartment filter, and one "super air clean filter."  Miele uses a HEPA filter, known for its allegy protection. Long-lasting, worth it
All I can say is excellent. As most, I expect a good product when I purchase Rosle. This flat whisk is no exception. High quality construction, sealed handle, nice firm, yet flexible wires. This whisk really works great.There is no doubt that you pay more because of the name, but you get the quality that comes with it. The lifetime defect warranty is nice too
Stylish and Functional. This is a fabulous product and the only collar my cats will wear. After a couple of hours they forgot it was there and that alone gives me peace of mind in that I know they won't attempt to pull it off
Worth the Price!. I have searched online for a nice and affordable coat rack and this one was perfect.  I especially like the lower hooks so that my son can hang up his own coat (6yrs old).  The only thing I don't like is if I hang most of the coats on one side it tilts over.  I have seen more expensive coat racks with a wider base in which case that would not happpen but you get what you pay for and overall I am happy with my purchase
GREAT grinder!. I did much research on this and other coffee grinders before purchasing it, even talking to Kitchenaid for reassurance that the nickel pearl color had no engineering upgrades that would make it a better unit than the less expensive red one -- it doesn't; and in fact William Sonoma still sells the few red ones they have left for the retail price.  I had previously used a Braun burr grinder for over ten years, then two Solis Maestro burr grinders, each one lasting only a couple of years (quite a disappointment as they were not inexpensive units).  The Kitchenaid Pro Line Coffee Mill is fabulous.  It grinds beautifully a consistent result.  I started on setting #5 for my Kitchenaid Pro Line Coffee Maker (the BEST coffee maker on the market for automatic drip coffee) and worked up to a #6.5 setting for the flat basket filter -- it produces an outstanding grind and a superb cup of coffee.  I use very oily, dark roast Peet's coffee beans and have had no problems with the machine.  I've cleaned it once -- the instruction manual makes it a very easy process -- and found some impacted grounds in the burrs after one month's use, which Kitchenaid said is to be expected with oily beans and this has been confirmed by others on www.coffeegeek.com.  I have found, as others have noted, that on occasion the beans have to be "helped" down the chute; I use the end of the accompanying brush and that sends the beans on their way without further interruption.  As far as the lid seal of the hopper is concerned: A grinder hopper is not meant to store coffee beans!  They need to be kept in an OPAQUE airtight container and there are such products available at any coffee house.  As to others with production complaints with initial units: I give them no credence, as they have failed to utilize Kitchenaid's HASSLE FREE, no questions asked, free replacement warranty.  Sometimes, a defective unit may pass quality control -- give them a second chance!  I think this is the BEST coffee grinder I've ever seen, for quality of construction, sheer beauty, solid parts, terrific glass hopper and receptacle (very strong) and, bottom line: amazing grind performance.  You cannot find a better grinder and the price is a steal
A fabulous product at a great price!. I have been shopping around for a nice ultrasonic jewelry cleaner as Iam a jewelry addict.  This is by far the nicest machine for the price.I highly recommend this item....now my jewelry has it's original blingback!  Thanks
does the job. a good basic place to hang a half dozen jackets or hats. Its a little wobbly when loaded but not too bad. easy to assemble and looks OK. A good overall buy.
How did I ever live without a pressure cooker???. I wish I had one of these babies when my children were small.   My mother had the old rocking disc type, which made fabulous beef stew, and bbq beef.  I wanted to be able to recreate her recipes, but I am amazed at how MUCH you can do with these new generation pressure cookers.  I have a six quart as well, and use them constantly.  Brown rice is done in 15 minutes...it makes the best chili we have ever had...and chicken and rice is just divine!   The  pressure forces the flavor all the way into the rice.  I have never seen my grown kids fight over chicken and rice, but they did with the pressure cooked stuff.   These are safe, simple to use and very well made.  If you are short on time, but want GOOD food fast, this is the cooking utensil you need.
Great Knives at an amazing price!. I too have seached the web for great prices on Henckels knives and finally found the set I was looking for.  Henckels Gourmet, while stamped and not forged, still offer wonderful mid- to high-level performance at an amazing price.  Using these knives make my cooking experience all the more enjoyable.I was able to pick up this set for $189 due to a lucky Goldbox find while it was on a Friday Sale.  Never would I imagine a deal like this on such a quality set of knives.  Thanks Amazon.com
It works for us. We were searching for a waffle maker that was easy to clean and easy to stash away when not in use.  We're not disappointed.  It's not difficult to figure out how much batter to use.  Even if we didn't have a full size waffle because of not using enough batter, it was no big deal.  Clean up really is easy because of the nonstick coating.  The only criticism we have is that the power chord does not have an inline switch to turn it on and off, and you do need to unplug it between waffle batches.  For the price, we feel this is a good deal
A good surprise. My daughter, who has a truly dreadful cat,was going out of town for 2 weeks, which meant trouble.  I sent her one of these items, and amazingly, the cat became docile and friendly.  We need a lifetime supply.  What a product
Great Product. This is the 2nd one of these that we have purchased. They inflate quickly and easily and stay inflated all night. They are comfortable to sleep on and easy to put away
Terrifically Tempting Tagine!. As Dr. Michael Lim The Travelling Gourmet I have put on cooking demonstrations for Le Creuset in Singapore, and this is one of my favourite cooking utensils because it is two in one. Why? Simply because the Tagine dish you cook in, is also your serving dish. I love to cook my original recipes like Tagine of Chicken and Apricots or Beef and Prune Tagine. The cavity at the top is for you to put ice cubes or water so it cools the Tagine funnel allowing the steam to condense and roll back down the sides. Tagines have been use in Morocco for years and is a perfect way to cook with very little water and at the same time seal in all the delicious flavours. The exotic Tagine is also a conversation piece when you bring it out to serve at the dining table. And...when you open the cover and your guests get a whiff of all the incredibly appetising smells that have been hitherto imprisoned, they will swoon with delight. Add some salad or couscous and with your Tagine you'll enjoy a splendid meal. Made of solid cast iron you can use it for all manner of stoveware from magnetic induction to electric. I also use it in the oven to bake my Tagine or even to make that classic French dessert Clafoutis. Enjoy! By Dr. Michael Lim The Travelling Gourmet who is a renowned Travel, Food & Wine Writer and Consultant
No need for an electric gizmo with the Swing Away. Throw away your electric can opener or give it to the Goodwill.  Nothing can compare to the Swing Away.  It is easy to use, compact, and it WORKS!  It is simply the best
Love it!. No need for any ridiculously expensive espresso maker...$20 bought me the best one out there. If so many people in Italy use it, wouldn't that be enough to justify purchasing it? Doesn't take up counter space and makes a great cup of espresso
Bread slicer. I am on my second keeper and slicer.  I couldn't manage to slice bread without it.  By using the slicer at least they all turn out the same.  I do wish the slicer was a heavier plastic as the last one after 5 years I cut right through.  I wouldn't give it up for anything,  Marlene from Wisconsi
Sharp, Perfectly Balanced, Great Feel. There is no shortage of expensive, high quality kitchen knives, but this is my favorite and the one I reach for most often. The steel is first grade excellent, it takes and holds a very sharp edge, and it feels like a natural extension of my hand. It also looks lovely. You can certainly spend more money, but a knife with these qualities is all you really need
Great time-saver!. I bought this pressure cooker set about a month ago and I love it.  I had never used a pressure cooker before I bought this set, but I find it easy to use and very safe.The set comes with a nice instruction book (with cooking times for lots of different food) and a small book of recipes.  I like that I can cook brown rice in less time than it takes me to make white rice without a pressure cooker (about 20 minutes).  I have successfully adapted a recipe for slow-roasted pulled pork to prepare it with sauce from scratch in less than an hour.  As long as you're not looking for a crusty exterior, I think that you can make food of comperable quality as the oven or slow-cooker in a much shorter amount of time.I find the two pots very convenient for making different quantities of food.  With the glass lid, they work very well for other tasks such as steaming veggies briefly.My only complaint about the set is that the insides of the pots are hard to get clean.  Here are the directions for cleaning from the Fagor website:"Sometimes stains may build up inside your pressure cooker from normal everyday use.  A good way to remove stains is to add equal parts lemon juice and water to your cooker and heat this liquid until hot.  You can then use a nonabrasive sponge to remove the stains.  Do not clean the cooker with any abrasive materials as this may damage the finish on your pressure cooker.
I use this ALL the time. Like the title says, I use this all the time.  It cleans up easily in the dishwasher and now its $10 less than when I bought it.  You won't go wrong if you purchase this
Great tablecloth. The color I chose was very close to actual color when it arrived.  It washes up well and comes out of the dryer like a dream.  My sister-in-law spilled red wine on it the first time I used it, and after just pre-treating it, it washed out without a trace.  Love it
Beautiful pattern and delicate cup. Teacup and saucer are even more intricate than pictured.  Also, Amazon did a fabulous job with careful packaging and shipped very promptly
GREAT !!!!. Love this product.    I threw away my toaster oven and microwave.Not needed with this.  It does both !    And works spectacularly !1 fault if any though.  Popcorn takes a little longer than my old microwave.   But it still makes it great in 4 1/2 mins.Roasting is a dream.  Making cookies !  They come PERFECT every time !Like I said.   GREAT PRODUCT.   GET IT
puppy kong. This is a cute little toy for a little dog.  It arrived on time
Excellent bread machine. I own the zojirushi bread machine for about a year. I bake 1-2 per week. The machine makes excellent bread & dough. I haven't bought a loaf of bread since I bought this machine. When I want a more crusty bread, make pizza, or make a foccacia I use the dough cycle with amazing results. Highly reccomend this product.P.S. It takes a little practice, if you never used a bread machine before.Read instuctions carefully & measure ingredients. If your bread is slopsided watch for drafts. Most of my breads come out looking picture perfect & the taste you can't compare it with store bought bread. Plus, no preservatives or additives of any kind
Very satisified. This pan lived up to it's description perfectly.  I love it for scrambled eggs and I particularly like the removeable rubber heat protector that fits over the handle
French fry frenzie!. We bought this about 2 weeks ago, and have gone through 30 lbs of potatos! We love it! My whole family is on a GFCF diet and potatos are a great filler upper here in this house and this has made life so much faster and easier that my husband said "I can't believe I have spent my life without this nifty little device" and it's true! Our only complaint if you want to call it that is that the rubber that is suppose to hold the french fry cutter in place tends to slip every now and then ... but then again when your going through 30 lbs of potatos that might tend to happen. It cleans up great, works great, and has been a great deal of fun to use. We have ordered another to have as back up
Yummy toast and looks great too!. This toaster makes the best toast of any toaster I have ever owned and it looks GREAT!  I tossed my blue plastic Cuisinart, which at best made mediocre toast, and had that icky plastic worn out look.  This toaster is metal, sturdy and has a great retro look in today's colors.  Mine is red.  I also bought the matching coffeemaker and the drink mixer - a quick and cheap way to update the kitchen.  Amazon service has been great and with the $25 off I got some great buys
Warm and comfy!. This is the first down comforter I bought.  Thanks to excellent advice from a friend I knew what to buy - high thread count, baffles to keep the down evenly distributed.   I live in the Northeast and save fuel costs by keeping the house and particularly the bedroom cold in winter.  Night time bedroom temperature usually 51-53 degrees.   This comforter replaced two wool blankets, an antique quilt and a coverlet,  yet I'm just as warm.  The comforter has some weight to it - just enough to give a cocoon-like feeling without being heavy.   I recommend this without reservations
Heaven!. I purchased the Chiropractic Neck Dogbone, Pillow, and it came very quickly. I haven't had any neck problems since purchasing the Dogbone Pillow! It's a must for anyone who experiences neck pain
Feather Bed Cover. The feather bed cover was better than expected.  After much shopping around I purchased this one.  The price was much lower than anything else I saw and it fit the discription of a "feather bed cover" not a duvet quilt cover.I was delighted with it.  It was very easy to put on and the quality is great.I am very happy with it
AEROBED. I HAVENT USED THIS YET BUT I AM SURE MY GRANDDAUGHTERS WILL LOVE IT
OK. THE FILTER CAME IN BROKEN BUT PETSMART REPLACED IT AND HAVE BEEN REAL HELPFUL
This is the BEST kitty collar around!!. We adopted a feral cat. The vet said to get the elastic kind but he HATED that and kept scratching and then "glaring" at us. When I finally took the collar off, all the fur was gone and his poor little neck was just bare skin where the collar had been. I then bought one of these and while he didn't like it while I was putting it on (who can blame him after the last one?), he got used to it immediately! He hardly knows it's on and we have peace of mind knowing our information is there in case he gets lost. Plus it's a safety collar and adjustable so you can't go wrong. This collar is light but you can still see it. Can't recommend it highly enough
So far so good. I just bought this iron on the recommendation of the previous review and have to agree.  My only mini-criticism is that the retractable cord compartment is at the bottom of the iron (naturally) and it makes the iron a bit bulkier than one without this feature.  In spite of that, I found it perfectly fine.  Everything worked as it should.It even uses plain old tap water.
I like it. It works great and I like being able to use metal spoons.  It apears to be of great quality
Nice Fryer!. I recently purchased the DualDaddy fryer.  I have had several different fryers in the past.  I started about ten or so years ago with the original GranDaddy.  It was alright, but I wanted to be able to fry more, and had seen the newer fryers that had covers while you were frying.  I bought one, and it was great for frying, and the cover kept the spattering to a minimum.  However, it was very pricey, and a major job to clean.  If I'm going to take the time to clean something, I want it very clean.  With the big ones, you have to really take it all apart to get it good and clean.  The day before I bought the DualDaddy, I spent over an hour trying to get the old one clean, and finally gave up and threw it out.  I really like the DualDaddy.  It is a great size, and very simple to clean.  In about fifteen minutes I can drain the oil, wash the fryer and refill.  I bought one of those fine screen mesh spatter guards that you put over skillets for a dollar and it works great on top of the fryer.  The ONLY thing I wish this fryer had was a light to let you know when the power is on and when the oil is up to temp.  Other than that, I really like this fryer.  It comes to about 350 degrees in under fifteen minutes, and holds it's temp. quite well
Exactly what I was looking for--------. I could not find this product in my area, so I relied on Amazon once more and could not be happier with the nickel magnetic bulletboard.  It is exactly what I wanted
Great Bargain!. Love the board!  Looks very nice in a kitchen with black appliances.  Feels good against the knife.  Does leave marks, but its better than a noisy glass board
I Like It, I Love It... I read the mixed reviews but I really liked the design so I ordered this coffee table and two of the matching end tables.  I had all three pieces put together in an hour and a half.  It was the easiest furniture assembly I've ever done.  I don't know why anyone thinks they are wobbly or "unsturdy" as I found that when put together according to the directions, they are neither.  My only complaint is that I think the silver screws are too soft and the heads easily stripped, but I'm flexible and I got around that.
sooo easy. The knife sharpner, is so easy to use. You first must open properly and it's ready to go. No matter what, or how you use it it sharpens everything, sharper than new. I love it. Finally, one that is easy and truly works
GREAT DISPENSER!. This is such a well-designed item. We have several other models as well and L-O-V-E them all
Great!. I mostly pick projects that require rounds.  This is perfect as I can mix and match sizes and lengths-not having to run out and buy new circular needles each time!!!
amazing healing. irecently purchased a bottle of zymox with hydrocortisone for my lab who has had several really bad ear infections i was spending a fortune at the vets office.i searched the web until i read about this product.i decided to give it a try.im sooooo glad i did.this works !her ears are clear ,she is happy again.i will keep buying this product.thank you zymox
BEST BAKEWARE YOU CAN BUY. I HAVE BEEN MAKING LASAGNA FOR YEARS AND MY VERY BEST RESULTS WERE FROM USING LE CREUSET.  IT DISTRIBUTES HEAT SO EVENLY THAT THE CHEESE ON TOP WAS A BREATHTAKING SIGHT- PERFECTLY BROWNED, EVENLY FROM SIDE TO SIDE, NO BURNED EDGES, AND THE INSIDE OF THE LASAGNA WAS PERFECTLY COOKED - NOT COLD OR OF A DIFFERENT TEMPERATURE, AND TO TOP IT OFF, WHEN I WAS DONE, ALL I HAD TO DO WAS RINSE IT UNDER THE FAUCET AND ALL THE FOOD SLID RIGHT OFF! NO MUSCLE NEEDED TO CLEAN THIS BABY
Wonderful but can't find replacement teases. My three cats adore this playpen.  Just moments after putting it on the floor, they started playing with the tease.  They also love snuggling in the bed together (2 cats fit at a time).  My only complaint is that I can't find the replacement teases -- they are supposed to be available in both catnip and non-catnip styles.  The manufacturer does not sell direct to the public and I can't find them at Petco's online store.  I would give this 5 stars if replacements were easier to find
I love my juicer. I love my juicer, but I hate taking it all apart to clean after each use.I was watching the info-mercial yesterday & it said the pulp comes out minimul & bone dry.  Mine does not do that.  I have a lot of wet pulp.  It also said that the skin & stems would be chopped up into juice & mine come out in the pulp container.For the most part I love it though.  It is very easy to use & the juice is great
None of it broken. Because so many have complained of broken dishes, I'd like to report mine arrived completely intact.I like the set, although the dinner plates are quite large, as is the fashion now
A Wonderful Buy!. The sheets matched perfectly with my room, which is the main reason I purchased them. The quality is great! The sheets are very soft and the colors are amazing. I would recommend this product to anyone. The reversability is also a nice luxury. It was a wonderul purchase
I sent this to my Mother for Christmas !. I called my Mother before Her Birthday and was just asking her what she might like or need she asked if I could find a 4cup Coffee Maker that was programable with auto off. When she got it she called and sounded so very happy and say's nice things about it to me still. She's 82 years young and loves coffee! she said she just heated some water for tea in it too!So from my Mother to you she loves her Mr.Coffee 4-Cup Digital Coffee Maker
It's works!. Simply...it works and I can put the little dish in the dishwasher.  Not crazy about the color, but that's not too critical
Immediate results!. My grandma's 10 year old Yorkie just would never shut up.  He barked at our cat, at our parrot, and anything that moved really.  We bought this collar, and it worked perfectly and immediately.  One bark and it sprayed, and he would go running off...and stop barking!  I felt kinda bad for him, but his reaction was hilarious.  I couldn't stop laughing at him, poor thing.  However, he did learn that if the collar wasn't on, he wasn't going to get sprayed, so he would bark
Great product!. I bought this for my 2 dogs & it works great & cleans up easily! The only reason I gave it 4 stars instead of five is because of it's large size it makes it really hard to fill it up inside your home. It doesn't fit under my kitchen sink faucet. I don't have one of those tall neck faucets or a sprayer (wish I did))otherwise it would be a snap to fill. I have to use my bathtub to fill it up and my bathtub is upstairs. The container is really heavy once it's full. My only suggestion would be to purchase a smaller one (2 gallon or 1 gallon), waterer. It would be easier to handle. I also bought the 5 gallon feeder & I LOVE it! It holds a whole 5lb. bag of food which is great! So get the larger feeder & the smaller waterer. Oh and my dogs love the gurgling sound the water makes after they drink out of it! :
Decent Product, I recommend. The product does exactly what it suppose to do. It maintains the humidity to the desired level. You can feel the difference in the house. The only drawback with the unit is its noice level. But I have not used any other matchine to compare to
The best you could ask for. I am so pleased with my new Hoover Self Propelled Windtunnel Vacuum. I've used a Hoover for years and when it finally needed replacing, I had to do some research to find another one like it, knowing that products aren't generally made as solid and reliable as they once were made. This vacuum has the edge that sucks up dirt close to the baseboards, which satisfied my greatest concern. The embedded dirt finder truly gets to the deepest portion of the carpet, resulting in a beautiful clean finish. It's easy to push and I especially love the signal that indicates if an area is clean or if it needs a few more strokes. After using it for a month, I know I couldn't be happier with another vacuum
commercial nonstick 5-quart saucier. I use this pan all the time .I leave it sitting on top of my stove.I bought 4 more when they went on sale.I am giving them as gifts to my sisters.Great pan.For 24.95 how can you go wrong?Went to the outlet center and saw this pan for 86 dollars ... what a deal,I still use it almost daily
Great Customer Service. I purchased this for my wife for Christmas and she's used it a fair amount in the few weeks since.  The packaging and organization are excellent.  The machine itself is heavy and well put together.  Our only complaint is that when slicing potatoes the other day (with the larger slicer), somehow the slicer tilted too much sending the blade up into the lid--it dug into the plastic for 1/2 a turn and rested slightly outside the top of the lid!  This obviously ruined both the lid and the slider, not to mention causing no small consternation on my wife's part.  We called KitchenAid's 800 number for service and were helped immediately.  They are sending a new slicer and lid free of charge (of course) and we expect it to arrive here shortly.  If the problem reoccurs we'll be selecting a different model/brand.  Otherwise the 760 has been great
Wine For Later Works!. I have been using my Wine for Later set for over a year and recommend it highly.I can open a bottle, drink one glass, and the wine I transfer to the carafes keep indefinitely!  It works much better than the vacuum stoppers I previously used
Nice looking and durable. I've had the Nova Blue full set for years.  No problems.  And when I break a plate, I can easily find a replacement.Boot
Stemless Wine Glasses. I bought them for someone this is what they said "I think they do enhance the flavor of the wine.  They seem to be of really fine quality (very thin glass but not fragile). and with no stem, I don't have to worry about knocking them over so easily.
smooth glide. Never a jam or tug when you slide back and forth your curtain.  They are smooth on any surface.  I have both a single curved rod and a standard shower rod with the extention so it has a bump in the middle and they glide smooth over both
Cuts through anything!. There is little I dislike more than pizza that isn't cut all the way through.  With this product you do not have to worry about thick crusts or thin & crispy ones.This is a very sturdy unit that has a sharp blade.A word to the wise; do not put the blade protector in the dishwasher.  It will not fit well after that.  I like this so much I own two.
The Best and Most Durable Popcorn Popper. I have had many in the past, including my first Stir Crazy from the late 70's and early 80's. That one lasted over a decade. The plastic domes can be purchased seperately.My advise for those who really love to eat large amounts of popcorn: Buy the 8qt sized domed cover. Since the base of the Stir Crazy is the same size, the 6qt and 8qt dome covers are interchangable.One tip on the recommended amount of oil. I have found that the 2 and 3 Tablespoons of oil for the 6 & 8 qt poppers respectively, should be increased by one or two tablespoons. Popcorn seems crispier.I've always thought the butter melter in the top was a bad idea and still do. What a mess. It's easier to melt the butter or flavoring separately and pour on as needed.It's recommended you clean the bowl soon after popping to prevent the oil from hardening on the cover. The non-stick surface on the base should be wiped with a soapy cloth every once and a while to prevent build up, but not so much as to destroy the conditioning of the popping surface.You can't go wrong with this appliance. It almost deserves its own spot on the countertop.
a Kick-Ass Carafe!. This is one kick-ass carafe! It's pyrex & plastic at it's finest. I highly recommed this kick-ass carafe
Cuts like a knife. Cuts like the best knife I've ever used.  Looks cool - though my wife says the Damascus-ripples make it look dirty. Feels comfortable in my hand.If I was in a horror-slasher movie and needed a knife to defend myself from the creepy-crawlies, I'd want this knife to be the one my scrabbling fingers find as I desparately grope across the kitchen counters.note: Packaging is cheesy, and you don't want to just throw this in a drawer, so you need a block or magnet rack or something to store it
AN ENLIGHTENING EXPERIENCE!. GRINDS WONDERFULLY AROMATIC PEPPER A TOUCH ON THE COARSE SIDE AND THAT LIGHT COULD BE USED ON YOUR BICYCLE
I can't tell the difference. I saw this BonJour model at a national discount retail chain this weekend and decided to put it to the test against my Bodum.  The price was only $19.99 which is half of what I paid for my Bodum.  They looked identical when placed next to eachother.  So, what's the difference?In my opinion, the price is the only difference.  The BonJour model is exactly the same size.  The construction is near identical.  I could swap them back and forth with guests and they couldn't tell the visual difference.  The next test was taste of course.Each model is a 12 cup, but for coffee 1 cup is actually 4 ounces.  I don't know why this is, and neither do any of my local baristas.  Might be a french thing, but no big whoop.  So a 12 cup is really 48oz.  The measurements were 1T per cup(4oz) of water.  I splash a pinch of cinnamon in with my jamaican blue mountain beans for an added kick.Both presses where made of glass.  Both were chromed out.  The second filter on the BonJour is more porous.  Each required 4 minutes to brew.  Each was delicately hot if touching the surface of the glass.In the tastes test it was a dead heat.  My guests thought both cups of coffee, with and without cream, were delicious.  Taste would have improved with the use of filtered water, but the boiling does a lot for the water as is.The great thing about presses is the cleanup.  It's not complicated.  It doesn't take any more time than an automatic drip machine.With the BonJour you are getting a great cup of coffee at half the price of the Bodum.  Give the BonJour a whirl
well liked. I recieved the fountain on time and everyone was amaized at it,I will be using it often in our churc
Cuisinart 1.5 qt non stick stainless. We had a set, but needed an additional saucepan.  This was the perfect addition.  Product was exactly as shown.  No problems
Best vacuum ever!. Wow.  Wow.  Wow.  This vacuum is awesome.  Prior to getting the Dyson I had the Bissell 3750 Lift-Off Bagless Vacuum for a few years and liked it a lot.  I even went so far as to put a review for it here on Amazon.  And for the price it's still a good choice.  But if you want serious cleaning power the go Dyson and never look back.  The Dyson is quieter, lighter, sucks harder, and works better than any vacuum I've ever used.  The price will probably scare a lot of people away.  I paid about twice as much for the Dyson as the Bissell but the Dyson works 5 to 10 times better.  If you have allergies, and my wife has bad allergies, you'll notice a difference within a couple of days.  I've read all the other reviews and from what I can tell all the negatives are pretty much summed up by 1. It's expensive, 2. it's loud, 3. it sucks too hard.  Well folks it's a vacuum cleaner.  It's supposed to be loud and suck hard.  As for the price, to me it's well worth it but you make that decision for yourself.
Best knife ever !!!!. Love this knife.  It is my NEW only knife and I use if for everything.  Could not be more pleased
Good, but not perfect. I thought this was a dish that I could use on the stovetop, it is not.  Please be aware if you are looking for something to use on the stovetop this will not serve your purpose
Cuisinart GR-4 Griddler. The product looks great, takes up very little space, it is easy to clean and works like a charm
Wonderful Product!. This product is incredible. I have two cats that never got along, but after using Comfort Zone with Feliway, they play together like kittens! No more hissing and growling at each other. Also, I have one that got sick anytime he went to the vet, but after using this product, the vet trips go much smoother and he recovers almost instantly. Road trips are much easier. They are also much more friendly, even with strangers. I would recommend this product for anyone with nervous or high-strung cats.
This is the extra chime-- product works great!. This is the extra chime that you can purchase if you already have the receiver. I am purchasing another one because it's working so well. I am a professional dog trainer, and all I can say is that the product is great, but that owners who do not know how to teach something to their dogs  probably should call a dog trainer for help with this if you are unsure how to proceed.As a professional dog trainer, I still live with my family members who are decidedly not dog trainers. Our toy poodle was essentially house-trained when I was home, but because my teenagers and husband were oblivious to her subtle signals that she needed to go out, she ended up peeing in front of the door, because nobody was letting her out. So, I got the Lentek Door Chime, and taught my dog to use it, and now no more accidents because she is signaling in a way that everybody can hear. We also put the pad outside so she can signal to come back in. Everybody is happy. Now I'm getting another pad for upstairs, because we still have oblivious teens and hubby....So, great product, but be sure that you have *both* parts of the product, and give a good trainer a call to help you get started.
great tie rack. This is a wonderful tie rack.  I purchased it for my husband for Christmas.  He loves it.  It takes up very little room in the closet and the ties all hang so they don't get wrinkled in the drawer.  The ties stay on the wrack and don't slip off
Sleeping on a cloud. I'm so glad I bought this memory foam! Like all mattress toppers, it is cut a little smaller than my queen-size mattress. But the foam is wonderful and thick, and didn't have a chemical smell at all. I'd recommend getting memory foam to everyone
Holds more than water!. This is a beautiful and decorative addition to any kitchen.  It makes a great flower vase!  See the customer photo.  Suggested by Le Creuset Outlet, Vacaville, CA
Great space saver. I love these sturdy hangers!  I highly recommend them for anyone with limited closet space. The swing arms are easy to manipulate. I'll never buy any other kind of pants hanger. They can easily handle heavy jeans as well as lighter weight pants. I did cut and fold some cardboard to slip under my good wool slacks, but I've done that with every style hanger I've ever used.
Hyperactive Mini-Beagle. My dog is one of the most hyper dogs I've ever seen.  If she ever gets a chance she escapes when the door opens and chases squirrels off in the woods.  We live on a highway and one of my other dogs was killed so I always worried about her escaping.  I got the fence yesterday, turned it on and set the flags like it says.  It says for hyperactive dogs set to the high setting so they'll learn and then you're supposed to train them for 14 days.  I set it to high and did the 1st days training, took her out the boundary with some treats.  She stepped out of the boundaries, yelped and went back to the house.  So I turned it down to the lowest setting and she's trained already!  Only one day, it's great.  So if you have a small dog, even if they're hyper they might only need the low setting.  Anyways this product is great, no more leashes getting tangled on everything and no more going out in the cold to let my dog out in the morning!  Just open the door and she comes back when she's ready
very pleased. not only was the price cheaper through Amazon, but it was delivered quickly.  The new Ultra is a thicker dish than the normal Corelle.  I would highly recommend these dishes.
Reveiew Rikon omlet spatula. The spatula is very good cooking in high temperatures on the stove. The food does not fall through the slots. It is so nice to not have the yoke broken when flipping the egg over when frying.  It is good for dipping out food out of dishes also. The only thing was the loop on the end of the handle was broken when I received it. It didn't hurt the function of the spatula. It is a great tool to have in the kitchen
What suction!!!. We had a cheap dirt devil vacuum and we thought it was good enough to pick up the dust, pet hair and dirt on our carpet. After all it did have pretty strong suction. The hose attachment broke and instead of wasting time and money trying to fix it we decided to buy the Bissell 3910. Man, were we in for a big surprise when we first started up this baby. It picked up so much dust and pet hair from the carpet we could not believe that we had lived in so much dirt. My wife and I feel so much more comfortable knowing that our carpet is clean. For this price, the vacuum offers much value. We were considering Dyson, but for five times the price I doubt that it will be worth it
Mario Batali Measuring Bowl Set. I love my bowl set but a little disappointed that there was no 1/3, 2/3 cup in the measurements
The red is utterly gorgeous!. I own both Le Creuset and Emile Henry cookware and serving pieces and I have to admit when it comes to red colours Emile Henry wins hands down.  This is the most beautiful and vivid a red and as sappy as it sounds, the colour literally makes me smile.  His dishes are beautiful and so well made
Does what it supposed to do. Noise level is minimal. Covers the angles well with rotation and misplaces enough air for a small room or a corner of a large one. Easy to control with remote if you did not misplace it. I like to be able to set the temperature and let it work untill the temp drops to a disired level. Good product
aaahhhhhh!. I received my Health-o-meter 10motor massage pad in a timely fashion and excellent condition.I got it hooked up immediately (easily!) and plopped down and turned it on. aaaaahhhhh. How wonderful. And it came with a car adaptor!!!! bonus! if the product description mentioned it I'd forgotten and was pleasantly surprised.The kids want to sit in my chair now...I have to shoo them out...The only (and minor) drawback is the information sheet that comes with it says not to run it for more than 20 minutes...pooh. I guess I can live with that. LO
Good looking plates. The plates are modern and good-looking, always rate compliments from guestts.  I would like them more if they were a little bigger
FANTASTIC. MY STAND MIXER IS EVERYTHING I WOULD EXPECT FROM KITCHEN AID.  A QUALITY PRODUCT, VERY STURDY.  GLAD I PURCHASED THIS ONE OVER ANY OTHER BRAND
Amazon is a must have site. This was a treat for me in my new navy blue ktchen.  Boy was I tired of the old one and Amazon makes it easy for me to shop since I dislike shopping especially malls
Just what they tell you it is. This is a high quality comforter at a reasonable price.  I'm completely satisfied.  What more to say
A good, solid product. I use pressure cookers.This is a great, solid large-size pressure cooker.I like the pressure guage.All in all, a bargain for the price, compared to other larger cookers.Mar
Super product. I was very pleaased with the product and shipping time.  At half the retail price I would recommend this to everyone.
Gold Box Deal. I bought the 5 piece set offered in the Gold Box.  The ones shipped to me are in excellent condition.  They hold to the magnetic bar and do everything I expect in a knife.  I cook everyday.  I am pleased with my purchase and the cost was a great deal
Love it, but have some problems. I love my spice rack, don't get me wrong--I mounted it under my cabinet to increase storage space in my tiny kitchen.  Unfortunately, sometimes when I spin it (gently, as always) the entire rack comes off and falls apart!  The spices go everywhere and creates a mess--not to mention wastes spices.  I had it come off twice in one week.  It happens if we spin it clockwise or counter clockwise--there is no way to 'lock' it into place, it sits in a channel, but is not locked.  So, look out when you spin, or put your other hand underneath it to steady it.Also--really fine spices like cinnamon, tend to escape and dust behind.  I don't mind it, but if you're a clean freak, it'll drive you insane--it gets everywhere
Revere Pots and Pans size. This is a good and well made set. I like it, however, the size of the frying pan and the largest pot could be a lot bigger. though for the price you cannot go better
One tough little toaster. This is an industrial toaster that's built to make toast all day long. If you're a homeowner, it will last you forever. The trick is just warming it up a bit. If you're puttering around the kitchen, just turn the knob to the No. 2 setting and let it warmp up. The toaster will then reward you with a beautiful piece of toast.It's pricey, but it's worth it and the thing looks totally cool...it sits on the counter next you our Kitchen Aid mixer...it's like a time portal on the counter
A touch of class for any kitchen. PRODUCT INFORMATION: ROSLE Salad Spinner. For carefully spinning salad, vegetables and berries. This deep Rosle Bowl includes a draining inset, rotary disc and lid with integrated spinning mechanism. Features patented drive mechanism with cord and automatic rewind. Spins lettuce completely dry for a perfect salad.  Size: 10-in wide x 6-in. deepMy Take: Expensive but well constructed, and solid product but an expensive addition to your kitchen.
(NOT) Soooo much better than the Bunn...REVISED DOWN. REVISED: Okay, so I've had this for a little over two years now and I have to say that I now must rate this much lower than my original 5 stars. About 6 months ago (6 months beyond the warranty period) it began to leak. A little at first and then a lot. The leakage only occurred during brewing, so I assumed that I just had a bad seal between the water inlet "tub" and the hot water "tank" (or between the tank and the sprayer). Anyway, I decided that I'd try and disassemble it and replace the worn gasket (assumed problem) myself rather than spend the $$$ for an authorized repair. Well, this was painful in itself, but I did manage to get it completely apart and track down the problem.UNFORTUNATELY, while the outside of this coffee maker looks like it is built to last, the internals are CHEAP. The water inlet tub (temporarily holds the water that you pour in while the hot water from the tank slowly gets pushed out to brew your coffee) was 100% plastic and most detrimentally the connector into the hot water tank was simply a molded piece of this tub. There was a gasket and it looked like perhaps it was a bit bad, but that was not the problem. The entire connector had a stress fracture running up one side and had even begun to crack up the length of the tub itself. This whole tub, absolutely critical to the operation of the coffee maker, is irreparably broken.I'd consider calling Waring for a replacement, but 1) I know they'd make me take it to a repair center and 2) it'd just break again. Instead, I bought a used Bunn professional model (CWTF-15) at auction for less than I bought this POS for and now have a real coffee maker. I still think this Waring was a little prettier, but it was a far cry from my new Bunn on the inside, and its the inside that counts.Anyway, revised down to TWO STARS (only because I did at least get some joy out of it for a little while). NOT RECOMMENDED.I got the Waring WC-1000 for my personal use. I've always wanted a good "office quality" brewer for my home, as I drink a lot of coffee and now work at home most of the time. Initially, I was interested in the Bunn B-10 series (any of Bunn's consumer 12-cuppers). I looked at these at Target and was very disappointed. Way too much plastic--way too little "industrial grade" feel. I'm sure the coffee would have tasted fine, but it wasn't what I was looking for. I really wanted a solid piece of kitchen "furniture," and I also really wanted the hot water spigot so my wife could make quick work out of soup and hot chocolate.My despair was brief, however. On a whim I went to Macy's to see if there was anything there that might fit my needs. And there was the Waring ("on sale" for the same price as Amazon has it). After only a little debate, I bought it. I didn't really intend to spend quite so much on a coffee maker, but I'm really glad I did. It is exactly what I was looking for. It has all of the fit and finish of the four-hundred dollar-plus Bunn's in a much more economical and practical form factor. Looks great in my kitchen and brews a heck of a good (and quick) pot of coffee. Honestly, it probably isn't any better than a Bunn in terms of coffee quality, but it certainly isn't any worse, either.As with any of these types of "pour-over" machines, you have to be a bit careful not to over-fill the reservoir, lest your pot runneth over. Also, this might not be the machine for the most forgetful among us, as you do have to physically turn off the burner every day and turn off the heating element before embarking on long vacations. But for the small office or for the personal kitchen of a "professional coffee drinker," this machine simply can't be beat
It really works!. We love putting this on our opened bottle of wine to keep it childed through dinner.  It works so well, I bought another for my parents
Does what it is supposed to do, and does it very well. After reading reviews of George Foreman grills and competing grills, we bought this one because it was on sale. We could not be happier with our purchase. While we have only had it a month and cannot attest to its durability, the grill cooks great and cleans up easily. We have grilled steaks, salmon filets and frozen salmon burgers, vegatables, chicken breasts and sandwiches. Everything turned out great. Both sides of whatever we grilled cooked evenly and quickly. And, although the cooking plates don't come out to clean, they clean up quickly with just a wet paper towel. So far, we love it
keeping knifes safe and in order. The storage tray keeps the knives in the drawer in tidy and safe manner.  They do not bang around and damage one another.  In the past I have use a magnetic strip which limits the number of knifes and can be unsafe, and I have had a block which is both unsanitary and hard to see what knife you are accessing.  My only complaint is that I wish the tray were slightly larger because I have a couple move knifes but not enough for the super size model
Kitty perch. This is fantastic for cats who love to sit in the sun and look outdoors. My cats love it and it is easy to assemble and take apart!  The outer layer comes off for easy cleaning. Must have for all cat owner
great product. i've recently started a diet program where i have to drink shakes every day and using the blender express has made it that much easier and convenient to travel with so i dont have to wait till i get home late at nights to use the big blender. i just store my blender express in my locker at work
Great Pan. If you're looking for a cast iron fry pan this is an excellent choice.Very high quality.
All around winner. This bowl is so useful in the kitchen.  If only it could go in the microwave it would be the only bowl I would ever need.  I use it frequently for melting chocolate for brownies over a saucepan of simmering water.  It is the perfect size for mixing up a batch of cookies or biscuits.  The stainless steel is easy to clean and beautiful.  The rim is wider on these bowls than on other brands of stainless bowls I have had in the past and makes the bowl easier to handle.  You may find less expensive bowls at the big discount retailers, but you will not find the quality of the Amco bowls
3 Tier Platter a must have for entertaining. This is a great set to have on hand. The simple design mixes and matches with everything you own. Stacked it makes a great holiday centepiece even without food. Just use votives and greenery and voila! Used separately the pieces are available for treats, pies, and look great on the buffet table or at a luncheon with tea sandwiches. All in all-- a GREAT VALUE
simple and effective. My husband and I are wine lovers and have accumulated several types of corkscrews over the years but were never quite satisfied with any of them.This corkscrew is really easy and effective - it holds up to any corkscrew that we have had for a fraction of the price and no complication
great vac!. I have returned 2 different hoover windtunnels in the past week, they were HORRIBLE.  I decided to try this bissell after reading the reviews, and it is SO MUCH BETTER.  Although it is heavy to push, it has powerful suction and I love the brush option to either turn on or off the powerhead depending on the type of floors you transition to.  I really wanted a dyson, but this is 1/2 the price, and I've purchased 5 vacs in the past 5 years and this is it.  Thanks, bissell
Exactly what I was Expecting, maybe a little more. We are fostering a rescue cat for a few months and need to keep it separated from our other cats, so we have a litterbox in an area we would prefer not to.  Despire trying to keep the area clean, litter was getting tracked around a little bit, and would inevitably end up collecing just out of reach under the baseboard.  This vacuum, with its little pointy flip-tip, gets into those kinds of nooks and crannies and sucks out the litter.  It is pretty powerful for its little size, and has a nice long cord, which makes up for the fact that it isn't battery powered.  I'd never expect this kind of suction from a battery powered vacuum anyway.On top of everything I was expecting, it also comes with a brush attachment and a flexible host about 18 inches long.  This really lets me get to areas I wasn't really planning, like behind appliances, toilets, etc.I would purchase this again, or purchase it as a gift for a friend
Bachelor-friendly. The problem with being a bachelor is that if you have a standard coffee maker and own a typical 12-cup coffee pot, you have to make at least four cups of coffee to make a decent tasting pot of coffee. Which means you consume two cups and throw out the other two. I didn't like the idea of wasting coffee. For a while I was stopping at Dunkin's for a cup but I realized that approach wasn't a frugal solution to the problem. I've been looking for the ideal single-cup coffee maker solution for a few years. I decided to try this one out after a review in a well-known consumer magazine.For the most part, it works well. It doesn't take up a huge amount of counter space. It intitally brewed a weak cup of coffee. I experiemented with amounts of coffee and discovered if you doubled up on the amount of coffee, it will brew a flavorful cup of coffee. Also (despite what the instructions say) use very warm or hot water from the tap. The contact time with the heating element is not sufficient to get the water hot enough to extract all the flavor components of your coffee. Thus you will get a weak tasting cup of coffee from this unit. Also if you grind your own coffee, I recommend a finer grind for this machine as it brews too quickly and can't extract enough flavor from a standard drip grind.I'm mostly pleased with this coffee maker after some experimentation and adjustments to water temperature, grind of coffee, and amount of coffee.
Convenient power. I have never had a better can opener.  This is my second Black & Decker spacemaker and I would have no other.  It is easy to install and very stable.  It uses no counter space.  I open big quart cans with no problems.  It is always convenient, quiet and performs as advertised
wamsutta hand towel. Not quite the quality of the centennial from years past, but still, over-all better than other brands we have tried. Be prepared for shedding the first two or three loads, then it gets better. Very absorbant and nice texture
It works. So far it seems to work as advertised. The only complaint I have is that the price is more than I would have payed had I seen the product first. Its not rediculously overpriced but it could be a little cheaper. Otherwise it is a sturdy lapdesk. Overall I am pleased
Nice pillows. Very soft, nice colors, good deal for two pillows. Only downside is filling seems to bunch up after a while, though it can be beat back in to shape easily. Very squishy and comfortable
Amazing bowls!. I love this set! I bought it for my college dorm room and I use it to eat all my favorite foods! It's a great set - use it in the refrigerator to store things and microwave-safe. From cereal, to grits, to ice cream, to macaroni and cheese it's the perfect size for individual portions or even doubles.
Awesome. This is the perfect fit for my dorm room and with Amazon Prime the shipping was free and fast
functional, shiny, handsome toaster. the look is shiny and retro and it stands out in my friends' kitchen.works well, the bagel and warming functions are much appreciated -
Large Square Dinner Plates. These plates are nice and large.  They are also very white and clean looking.A little on the heavy side though.  Which makes them feel expensive.I ordered these plates in October and received them in a timely manner.  I liked them and ordered a second set in November, which I still haven't received.  Amazon has sent emails saying they are coming, but as of yet 1-9-07 they are still not here
Don Wilson's Kitchen. I love the sauce pan.  I have one that I had for 20 years. That'sauce pan is still being used.  I plan to buy another sauce panjust like it soon
Finally, uniform slices... The product works just like it supposed to.  It is clear, compact and easy to use and clean.  Outside of a great way of storing homemade bread, I love the included slice guide.  Although I could always go out and buy a slicing guide, I liked the combination of slice guide and storage container.  Whoops, I almost forgot the best part.  As you collapse the unit to close it, keep your nose close to the air holes on the side for a quick blast of homemade goodness!  Now that is truly the best part
Wonderful ice bucket... I recently bought this ise bucket and tongs for my sister, who has her own litle bar, and she said this was perfect for her whole set up. She uses it for many things other than just ice, she uses it to chill a wine bottle and to hold water as well. I would recomend this to anyone who is looking for a nice addition to their bar set
Norelco replacement battery pack. If you can solder a little, you can save a lot of money with this product
Fiesta ware Canister. I love the canisters. They are a nice size and have tight fitting lids.
Letter Rack with Key Holder. This item was exactly what I needed.  It is not to big, but can hold the things that I need just as I am walking out the door.  Our family had numerous sets of keys and the key holder makes finding them and storing them a breeze without the messy visual of them.  Great item and worth every penny
Satin sheets. Very soft!  I would buy more of these. Exactly what I wanted, but a little slippery
space saver. if you have a dishwasher this is the perfect dish drainer for you  to have for ther every now and then when something is not dishwasher safe you still have a dish drainer but you are not using your counter space for it i love this item
beautiful candle set. I bought this as a gift for my sister, and when I recieved it, I was pleasantly surprised.  The candles were smaller than I thought and unlike other people that reviewed this product, all the colors of the candles arrived as shown.  I think it's really beautiful
Great for Chocolate Lovers. Bought this for special occasions and love it! Melts nice and is easy to clean. Well worth the price even though the molds and bowls will not be used. Not for a large party as it is small. Great for having fun with the kids
Excellent product. Quiet as advertised and superior in design to the traditional fan.  The 21st Century-looking style and the fact that it takes up little horizontal space are big pluses.  Highly recommend.
Nice shams, but color described incorrectly. I ordered these shams because the description indicated that they were a "subtle soft white stripe."  That would have been perfect with my bedding, but the actual solid yellow-gold color doesn't work for me.  The shams seem to be a soft fabric with a high thread count, though the count is not indicated on the package.  I would be very happy with the shams if the color were as described
Superior cookware set. As most people do, I had accumulated several different types of cookware over the years.  It was a real treat to pass these onto my kids and just use this great Cuisinart Chef's Classic set.  I especially love the saute pan
West Bend Griddle -- great product. After reading the Consumer Reports review on the West Bend Griddle my mother wanted one for Christmas.  Wouldn't you know that Santa had one under the tree for her...  The next day she made pancakes and French toast that came out great.  She was pleased with how everything was evenly cooked. She likes the performance and even heating mentioning it several times.
very useful, in or out of the house. This product made my life easier, before I needed to carry our hampers to the laundry which is outside of the apartment. Now I just need to pull it cause its got wheels. I just wish they would make rubber wheels not just plastic but otherwise its a great product and a great idea
Great for modern to classic decor. This is an awesome piece becaue I think it will go with a modern decor, traditional, even classic because it mixes so well with everything.  It has three large planks that make up the top.  This is also available in white, but we bought the black version.  The grass baskets are really great and fit a lot of your stuff into it while still looking neat and tidy.We are using this in a bedroom at the foot of the bed instead of a bench and the grass baskets fits 4 plastic shoe boxes (2 stacked on top of each other).  Great for other out of season storage also.  The open shelf is good for books and magazines.  We are seriously considering getting the matching end tables to use as nightstands.  These are great pieces for a studio or other small space.One note about construction for this piece: I think that they should give you 1/2 inch longer screws for the piece that divides the baskets.  I used drywall screws from my hand 'mam picture hanging molly pack.  It is on the underside of the table and no one will see the silver screws instead of black.  The screws provided just don't go deep enough to secure the pieces together.Otherwise it was a really easy process, requiring one person, although if you are less cordinated, you may need help putting the bottom into the dowels and leg screws
Soft dusting brush storing. This is currently on the machine attached to the hose with no operational interference.
Pleased with the product. The cup was just as ordered and received in a timely fashion
Great product for a low price. A cinch to install and my tap water now tastes just as good as bottled water. I highly recommend this product. I only wish it was available in a chrome finish
Great Vacuum. Before I purchased this vacuum, I read the reviews for it - and noticed that everyone said it was too loud... what the heck do you think a vacuum is supposed to sound like?Anyway, I have used the Dirt Devil Brand for years and the reason why I bought a new one is because I gave mine away to a friend who needed it.This is a good vacuum and works excellent on low pile carpets and great on upholstery with its brush
I love it!!. It's the perfect size, looks GREAT, does the job and I didn't pay big bucks!I love that I can use the pot for serving!
Reidel Champagne. Beautiful glasses poor packaged received first set b roken second set is beautifu
Most Excellent. Just what I expected but more attracive. Works very well, easy to put together. A great buy for the money
excellent product, highly recommend. I absolutely love these potholders!!!! I have four sets of them. They are great as potholders but they also have other uses. I place them under cutting boards to keep them from sliding on the counter when I am chopping. I also use them to keep bowls firmly on the counter if I am whipping cream. I also use them as trivets when placing hot pans on my counter top.My only caution regarding this product is that you need to be aware of the location of the hole in one corner of the potholder. I didn't pay attention one day and got a nasty burn pulling a very hot pan out of the oven. If you are a bit of a klutz, like me, best to keep 100% aloe in the house just in case you do what I did. Repeated applications of aloe took the burn out of the fingertip in a few hours. I was very fortunate. I hope this doesn't happen to you.I highly recommend this product
Very pleased customer!. We have been using Riedel crystal wine glasses (and still do on occasion with the handful that we have left), but I finally decided to buy Spiegelau glasses for our everyday drinking glasses.  Because we drink wine and entertain regularly, our collection of Riedel glasses has been diminishing --- although the crystal Riedel's are beautiful glasses (and still used for the right occasions), they are extremely fragile and I have personally destroyed several while simply hand washing them.  At any rate, after years of attrition via visiting friends and family, we needed to stock up on new glasses.  Because I hate to hand wash dishes, I began to look into the dishwasher-safe glasses from Riedel and Spiegelau for the new replacements.  I was going to just buy the dishwasher-safe Riedel glasses (name recognition of course), but I couldn't get over how much better the Spiegelaus were priced.  Moreover, all of my favorite restaurants use Spiegelau (and come to think of it, I don't think I've ever seen Riedels at a restaurant). Therefore, I took the leap and stocked up on the Chardonnay, Cabernet, Riesling, Port and Champagne glasses.  I'm really glad that I did --- all of them are terrific! Although not as elegant as the fine crystal versions, these are excellent for everyday use and large dinner parties.  I've already bounced one off of a granite countertop and it survived the collision without incident. I've also washed them all in the dishwasher several times and they've come out great.  I am very, very happy with this purchase.  I'm sure that the comparable dishwasher-safe Riedel glasses are just as nice (possibly nicer?), but you can't beat Spiegelau's price!
THEE BEST EVER. There is no other brand that can compare to this. We have tried many other brands and do not like any of them.Nesco is truely the best Jerky spice on the market.Try it and you will see
Great Value. I purchased this cookware based on very favorable reviews and I'm happy to say that these pots and pans are great!  Both my husband and I enjoy cooking and he's as happy with this cookware as I am.  He keeps telling me what a great buy I made!  I really like being able to cook at lower temps and I love the glass lids.  Anyone looking for excellent cookware at a reasonable price should buy this product
Aqua Clear Aquarium Filtration Inserts 200/50 Foam Filter 3PK. Good service, good price, and product is as expected. Thanks
Cats love it. My cats love this item.  My grass grew in a little over a week and keeps growing.  It is a little loose on the side of the fountain and my cats like to take it out and drag it around with them (they seem a little upset when I pick it up and move it back to the fountain).  I haven't had too much trouble with it messing up the water but I clean the fountain every other week and have the extra water bottle on the back.  I also before attaching it popped of the top and redistributed the seeds since they were only in one compartment.Over all a good buy
hot dog shack. its a really fun item , it does heat the hot dogs well , if you get the thicker ones u may need to watch them more closely to make sure they turn properly . they get very hot and fully heated in about 1/2 hr it seems if theyre the thick ones. i love the hot dog shack its fun and kids love it!
Analon Advanced *-Quart Oval Pasta Pot. This is the best pot to cook pasta in. The oval shape let's you lay your pasta down in the pot to cook more evenly,  there is no clumping or sticking together. It's great especially for a large family like mine.
Wireless Temp Systems. This one worked as stated! I had incredible problems with a competitor (LaCrosse); Taylor worked out of box.I only wish I had known clearly that outside sender had a long cable. I would not have bought the extra life Lithium batt pack suggested
Great looking Set and Fast delivery. We too agree that the chairs are made for small people. Also, one of our chairs had a smaller swivel plate and we are waiting for the vendor to respond. Overall, the service was great
Cats love it. My cat loves this DVD, just don't use with a flat panel unless it's behind glass as your cat may attack the screen
A Great Ice Shaver. I have bought this item and it works excellent. I used the mold to freeze orange juice, then i put the mold in and pressed the button. Out came perfectly shaved ice, just like snow
Best Gravel Cleaner so far!. Works as advertised!Very well designed and quality construction sets this product apart from the cheap ones.I was truly impressed by its suction power and the way it effortlessly cleaned my 12 gallon tank in 5 minutes!If you read the instruction and use it as suggested you won't be disappointed! It does look a bit big in pictures but in actuality it's very easy to maneuver
wonderful. I waited awhile to purchase this and it was only 19.99. For that price I thought if I didnt like it I would let the dogs sleep on it. Well the dogs didnt get it. It is wonderful. I bought it for a pull out couch and have been using it on our own bed. It does need fluffed every once in awhile but heck you can do that every time you change your sheets at least once a week
Great Buy. These sheets are great. They were slightly wrinkled right out of the pack, but wrinkles fell out relatively quickly. They are very soft and will be the best 30 bucks you will ever spend on linen
Best Yet. I have a drawer full of book lights. This is by far the best. Long flexible neck that stays where you put it. Enough batteries to keep it going. Wide, evenly dispersed light with no hot spots. It will even light a book with large pages. This is it
Wide Base Ceramic Coffee Travel Mug. Arrived promptly. Good size mug, will not tip over
Great Product. We owned the previous design of this product and after several years of using it everyday we finally decided to throw the old one away and upgrade to the new one.  It has been excellent so far, it is quieter and has a few more options.  We like how fast it is and how consistently it makes the same strength of coffee.  I would definitely recommend this to anyone in a hurry in the morning
Great but not perfect. As always, you will never find a perfect cookware.  This Cuisinart 7 piece is no exception.  It is great but not perfect.  Its light weight is very impresive and handle isn't that hot after long period of cooking time.  Easy to clean.  The non-stick surface is better than other brand.  It takes very short time to heat up stuff too.  However, couple weaknesses, the lit does not have a small hole to release pressure which we have to watch out for overheat spill.  Plus the lit is not the same design as the pot itself, it heats up really quick.  So be careful.  It is not a good idea to buy plastic handle with the lit, it will deform and loose after a while.  Over all, it is better than what I expected even though I have owned this set of cookware for 4 weeks
good value. I see no reason why you shouldn't buy a factory-reconditioned kitchenaid appliance.  This one has only one or two minor blemishes that are even hard to find.Yes, it crushes ice at any speed.  More to the point, it seems as well constructed as my artisan mixer, which I have used and abused for five years and still runs like new.
Indestructable!. These are without question the greatest spatulas ever!  Over the years I have thrown away plenty of spatulas usually because they deteriorate quickly and start to leave traces of white rubber behind.  The Le Creuset's can handle high heat, and really clean out bowls and bottles.  The price startled me, but after using one I bought several more. These will last forever. Finally, a perfect spatula
Wonderful for Water. Having NO idea why the below reviews mention that these are made in France... They are NOT they are from Austria.  However these aren't actually made by Riedel.  They are made 'for' Riedel.  Wonderful to use for sparkling water. Would not use for wine.  Riedel is the leading wine glass manufacturer.  Buy the correct wine glass for the wine.  You will be amazed.  The glass DOES make a difference
Nice. Good deal.  Same quality as what you would buy in the store at a much more reasonable price.  Wish I had bought two sets
Good Espresso, not so good foam.  But Wait - there's a solution!. After 7 years or so of using a bulletproof Starbucks Barista which produced great espresso and copious microfoam, I bought this machine for my wife for Christmas (although she swears it was yet another gift to myself).  The build quality and ease of use is great.  The espresso is very good (but not up to the standards of a well pulled shot off a semi-auto).  Nevertheless, the lack of any mess and pushbutton convenience outweighs any complaints about the quality of the shot - don't get me wrong, it pulls a very nice shot.  What it doesnt do well is create the beautiful microfoam an experienced user can get using a traditional steam wand. All of these super-autos have that annoying steam-assist wand which is supposed to require no skill  to create foam.  Unfortunately all it does it create these large crappy bubbles and very little foam.  To make matters worse, the side steam holes get clogged very easily and then the result is NO FOAM.   I called wholelattelove and Capresso looking for a solution and they each had no clue either (a) how to solve the problem, or (b) why in the world I didnt like the crappy large soap bubble excuse for microfoam.  Well for $8 I found a Krups metal steam tip off the net (go to culinaryparts.com for a $1.99 steam tip plus $6 shipping) and screwed it on to the end of the metal wand after having discarded the useless steaming aid sleeve and old plastic tip, and VOILA!  -- awesome foam made in half the time I could do the same thing with my old Starbucks Barista.  These machines all have a Thermoblock for steaming unlike the traditional boiler on a better semi-auto.  Nevertheless it is enough and the foam is first rate as I said.  The only other thing to be aware of is that these machines cant use my beloved Peats coffee beans - too oily and they get stuck in the hopper- so I am still searching for a good dark roast which is not too oily.  But for now after a month of use, I am happy with the espresso and the foam and delighted to make my morning cap with a minimum of effort.  The F7 in particular is a great machine as against the other Juras.  It is more programmible than the E* and much simpler to use (and smaller footprint) than the pricier units.  I almost bought the F9 but there is just too much to think about on that machine and the bright chrome is a bit too shiny and pretentious.  The F7 is the perfect mix of functionality and understated good looks.  It is also the newest technology from Jura so it has some small touches that the F9 doesnt have, such as a 120 second steam timer versus the 60 second timer on the F9.Update to the above review:After many more months of use I am loving the Jura F7, and I found the beans to use: Blue Bottle Coffee Hayes Valley Espresso. Not too oily but very flavorful. Perfect for this machine. Better than Peats, and definitely fresher. I am not going to list their website here cause I dont want to look like a shill for them. But you can find them, I am confident.  They will mail out to you for no additional cost.By the way, the review above that says the F7 is a shinier version of the E8 is incorrect. The basic mechanism may be the same, but the programming functions and other nice features are significantly different. If you're already spending this much coin, the F7 is a better deal than the E8. Just my humble opinion
THE BEST. I LIKE THE FOUNTAIN ALOT BECAUSE IT MAKES A VERY NICE EXPERIENCE WITH ALL MY FAMIL
Worth it!. Great product at a great price. The first shipment came broken and amazon replaced it immediately without the hassles of having to return a broken item.Thank you
amazing. my vacuum finally bit the dust. I thought it was good and my dog was just shedding everywhere and I couldn't do anything but consider getting rid of my dog. I reasearched all vacumms but did not want to spend a fortune. This vacuum is reasonibly priced and easy to find at most retailers. I used it for the first time today and cant believe what came up. It looked like I hadn't done it in a while, and the stubborn pet hair came up without any effort. What a great vacuum, even comes with dust mite powders. Try this vacuum, you wont be sorry, I am definately not
Wusthof, how could you go wrong!. With the lifetime warranty, how could you go wrong, it is after all a Wusthof. Chef Char of Chapel Cafe Ministries, La Mesa- C
Great Non Stick Pans. I've had mine for 6 months and they recieve very heavy use.  Unlike most non-stick pans, these ones still work and look like they did the day they came out of the box.Would definitely buy again
Great product. I love the stainless steel interior for its easy to clean properties. The oven cooks quickly, evenly, and exceeds my expectations
Jackie. This is a really beautiful product. The quality is good and the colours as shown in the picture. I would give it a five except I havn't washed it yet. If it washes well I will give it a five
Wow!  This thing is amazing... Well, at first I was skeptical, but desperate, and I was willing to try anything.  I was so stressed out over the dogs having their little "oops".  Considering we have a doggy door, there is absolutely no reason for any "oops".  Well, after I bought this product... we have NO more oops!  We used the scatmat for about 2 weeks... of course the dogs all had their m oments with the thing, but now it is turned off and they will not go near it.  Our chinese crested once jumped over it, and then on her way back through the hallway, she apparently missed, and touched the mat... that stopped the jumping over it!  She will now lay directly next to the mat.  My other 2 dogs are chihuahua's...  I am using the mat to block off access to my living room and spare bedrooms, with the scat mat laying across a hallway.  As stated in the directions, this is the hardest correction to make with the scat mat, but we have been "oops" frre since it arrived!!
Makes me wish I got one years ago. I've only used mine twice, and had good experiences both times.  The food turned out the way it was supposed to, clean up is easy.  It takes little effort to disassemble the fryer, but although many parts are dishwasher safe, they take up quite a bit of space in my average sized dishwasher, so I just wash everything by hand.I wish the fry basket were larger, though I guess the rest of the appliance would have to be bigger, so I guess I wish the whole thing were just a bit bigger, but it's still a good size for the price.I wish both the thermostat ant the timer were digital.  The timer is an egg timer type dial, and the thermostat is a slider, amking for somewhat impercise settings, though this is relatively minor.  It's still a very good deep fryer
Love it. I just love these.  We used to in sandwiches for a pirate themed party.  They worked perfectly.  We also used them to decorate the table tops.
Great Little Pan. This pan is fantastic. I use it to make eggs every weekend. I used to spray my old pan with PAM before cooking the eggs. This pan doesn't require any PAM and nothing sticks! Even my husband has commented on how easy it is to use and clean-up
Great Product !. This product is wonderful and is a nice addition to my bathroom.  It works great and the shipper mailed this item as agreed and on time
Great Ice Bucket!. I recieved this ice bucket for Christmas, and it's great. It has a modern, sleek look and a heavy feel to it. I think it's actually a higher quality ice bucket than the Lenox ice bucket that is similiar
Perfect design & great quality. This works beautifully and allows the tea leaves plenty of room to steep.  I use the little dish to put the strainer in when I pull it out of my mug, and it catches all the drips perfectly.  Extremely well made and should last many lifetimes
Crazy about Fiesta ware!!. My husband loves the cobalt blue so we added an additional set to our Fiesta dinnerware.  I love all the colors and how they spice up the dinner table!
Kitchen essential. I bought these a few years ago and they have become so essential that I ordered more.  They're easy to use and durable.  I haven't found anything that works this well for the purpose of sealing open bags.  It's very helpful that they come in different sizes
excellent knife. After getting tired of cutting fruit with my 9" chef's knife, I got this global paring knife to deal with smaller jobs.  It's razor-sharp, and looks great.  The handle can get a bit slippery if it gets wet or covered in fruit juice - but I always keep my cutting hand dry so it's not a problem.It's worth getting a plastic sheath for it - you can get one on Amazon easily.  Don't let such a great knife rattle around in a drawer unprotected and get ruined
Great Buy. Love the way the mattress pad works... no leaks... but even better it's comfortable and QUIET ... no crinkly sounds like a vinyl cover... Very comfy and unnoticable!  Only reason I gave it a 4 and not a 5 was washing... when removed from the washer it's very heavy... I was afraid to dry it... although it did dry fine... so no concerns there either
A great little machine. I had been researching dehydrators for months and finally decided on this one.  I am happy I did.  I have dried veggies, fruits, made jerky and fruit leathers so far.  It is easy to use, has great recipes and works well.  It is nice to be able to give the kids snacks that are not full of sugars and things no one can pronounce.  I only wish it had a timer.  I will probably use a regular timer and plug it into that.Pros:  *fan not in bottom of unit - allows for more uniform drying*temperature control*size -  fits nicely on a kitchen counter*availability of accessories*ease of useCons:  *no timer*no on/off switch - you have to unplug the unit to turn it of
Great Sheets. The sheets arrived promptly, the color is right on and they couldn't be more comfortable.  The only reason I gave them 4 Stars is because after washing them, we have used them only once as it is still sort of winter.I will update review after a few more washings
Wonderful Set!. I love these dishes!  The color and glaze is beautiful.  I bought 2 sets.  One arrived damaged but Amazon was great about picking up the broken set and it was replaced very quickly.I like the sizes of the pieces and they have held up well in the dishwasher.  I am now hooked on Fiestaware
An outstanding kitchen tool. I've had a Le Creuset Wok for over 5 years, from the time when the lids were matching metal, not glass. I've cooked hundreds of meals in this wok. The cooking surface is outstanding - heats evenly (hotter at the bottom of course) and cleans easily. I usually clean without soap to maintain the cooking surface and avoid rust, as you would with any cast iron pan. We have an electric cook top and the wok works great sitting on the electric coil - and you can move it right to the table to serve from if you're dining casually. Needless to say we've had no problem with cracked handles. But these are large and you've got to have the available storage space
Great DVD cabinet. This DVD cabinet is terrific - already assembled, very nice kraftsmanship, and looks great.  We are thinking about ordering a matching one because we love it so much
Still great after one year. I have had these pots and pans for over a year now and am still very pleased with their performance.I did have to learn to cook differently when using stainless steel with encapsulated bottoms.People need to understand that hard water will cause discoloration on stainless, but using Barkeepers Friend will remove any marks.I love the soft handles and never have to worry about them being hot.Highly recommend these pots and pans
Fantastic bowl!. I have this bowl in the plum but this sunflower is gorgeous too and I'm getting one of these (check out the scarlet too - whew!) and I absolutely LOVE it!  It doesn't hold a ton so if you're planning on using it for a spaghetti meal, forget it.  It will hold a 1lb. bag of frozen vegetables, a box of mac and cheese and about 2 15oz cans of veggies.  Great, great bowl, looks absolutely fabulous on the table, and the clean up is a breeze.  If you're looking to get tons of compliments on your table, buy this bowl! Awesome can't even say enough about it.  I highly recommend
Work Good. This electric kettle is awesome,it boil water in no time.You can.t find any better one with this price!
Chocolate **NOT** Included. Shipping was lightning fast!!  The fountain is lovely, but I have not had an opportunity to test it because, as others have stated, this model does not come with chocolate, (despite the claim to the contrary in the item description).  In fact, the box it comes in clearly states on it:  "Chocolate Not Included."  Apparently one reviewer was lucky enough to receive chocolate with his order, but based on the recent reviews, there is only a one in four chance that yours will. It's not worth returning the fountain, but if your decision to buy this product is based on the chocolate being included- you will likely be disappointed when it arrives. Still a great bargain as compared to department store pricing!!
Blender. This personal blender is very handy, not only it's a blender, but you can put the lid and take it in your car like a thermos.  It's small enough where it does not take a lot of room, and it's a nice piece of machine.  It blends ice real well
Great knives that look great!. I was looking to purchase a real set of knives for the longest time, but I had some serious "sticker-shock" at the prices of forged knife sets. These knives are a fantastic value for being full-tang, forged knives. They are sharp, feel fantastic in your hand -- well-balanced and solid, and look attractive sitting on my countertop.The bamboo knife block looks great -- it totally matches my other bamboo kitchen accessories, plus bamboo is durable and has some antiseptic properties. The block has little labels for the slots of the knives that come with the set. The extra knife slots have labels but they are left blank.The variety of knives that comes with the set is pretty good. I purchased the matching 7" santoku from open stock because I wanted something smaller than the chef knife, but a bit more heavy than the utility knife. I've used every knife in the set at some point since getting it 2 weeks ago, and they  all perform beautifully. I may get a parer and/or boning knife soon, just to have them and fill up all the block slots. ;)The santoprene (silicon) handles are very comfortable and slip-resistant. Even when washing the knives, I am able to keep a solid grip on them.I wish they were dishwasher safe, but really any good knives you'll want to wash by hand anyway. I love these knives so much, I find that I actually enjoy babying them!If you're looking for a quality knife set but don't want to spend hundreds of dollars, I definitely recommend these. You won't believe how much of a difference a set of solid, sharp knives will make
I love the roomba!. It's just a great product. It does what it says, and it's fun to use-------How many times have you heardthat about sweeping???????????????
Mine lasted for 4 years and counting... ... I have been using this coffee maker for the last four years. My carafe has managed to deal with all the rough handling that comes with being a kitchen appliance. I am only considering replacing it because the lid has become so stained
Organized. I really like this item.  Not only does it help keep my daughter's toys organized, it gives her easy access to whatever she wants to play with.  Perfect height for her to see all her toys
Works well for a medium room. I use it in my 14x12 room and it works reasonably well. Thermostatmeasures temp. around unit so it is not very accurate, better to setit a bit higher or use the timed mode. The dry heat it produces isannoying and I need to use a humidifier also but that's not a problemspecifically with this heater, most heaters are that way.The heat is dissipated via an internal fan, this is not obvious fromthe description on the packaging.Got it at Costco for $38, why pay more? Good bang for the buck. I haveused it for just two weeks, don't know about reliability
KitchenAid great as always. I am very pleased with the kitchenaid khb300ob hand blender.as always kitchenaid lived up to our expectations.  long lastinghelpful, and with an easy grip.Never have regretted so far, anything we have bought from kitchenaid.thanks! and keep it up
just what I was looking for. My previous kettle needed to be replaced, and I wanted a well-made stainless kettle that was easy to clean and would boil water quickly.This one fit the bill--and is even better than I hoped.  It's sturdier than I expected, and amazingly well designed.  The lid stays on snug, but goes on and comes off easily because of the leverage of the handle.  The lip of the opening on my old kettle was a bit sharp, but with this one it's smooth, which makes cleaning more pleasant, and the 3.5 inch diameter opening is big enough to get at least a small hand in comfortably for washing.On top of everything else, it looks great, and it really does pour beautifully
Nice sheets - SUPER bargain!!. Yes, they wrinkle.  They're 100% cotton.  They are fantastic though.  They are a great weight and look awesome on the bed.  I ironed the pillowcases and the flat sheet - it was sufficient.  The fitted sheet fits our oversized mattress perfectly.  I caught them on sale for $14.99...an absolute "steal".  I'd buy them again
Great product, multi-purpose!. They have a classic look and are perfect for mini-souffles.  They can also be used to serve nuts and candies or for sauces and dressings.  I love them
sensuous. Very nice, and luxurious indeed. Highly pleasing to the senses but also very practical. Fabric breaths surprisingly well, which was my biggest worry. A very nice touch for a bargain price
A great little dispenser. In my life, I have used a lot of syrup dispensers, most of which were poorly designed and leaked.  This one is neither.  I really love the way this dispenser works. The top is nicely designed and executed out of brushed stainless, and the gasket seals tightly.  The no-drip spout is indeed no-drip for us.  Even our 10 year old can't make it drip, and that's saying something. The glass container is larger than it looks since the glass goes all the way to the top of the handle, inside the lid.  My only wish is that they made one a bit bigger that could hold a full bottle of real maple syrup.
I love this one. This is the original one I bought myself, and I buy it as a gift all the time in tea "care packages." Everyone who has got one has not gone back to using tea bags. I've tried a few others since but I ended up buying myself a few more so I could do more than one cup at a time. It fits just right, deep into the mug so that when you pour in the water it steeps well. Only the finest dust in my teas usually escapes. (I see this with rooibos more than any other types I have.) But it's never much as this is a pretty fine meshed strainer.
Another Zoji hit!. I read the other reviews on this product before I purchased it; in particular the complaints about the mugs and the 1-cup feature. On the 1-cup feature: fear not, this maker does indeed dispense a full single serving, not the 8-ounces that one reviewer described. I'm not sure what he was drinking, but it wasn't fine coffee. The mugs could use a larger opening, but that is a quibble. This thing performs beautifully and is easy to operate. Four little Melitta spoons per cup (they are 16 oz after all) and the coffee comes out great. I think the stainless mugs themselves are practically worth the price of the machine. I'm a Zojirushi fan, and this product confirms my belief that this company simply makes great stuff
Great, but measurements misleading. These are fabulous, sturdy pans, but I had specifically bought them to fit Silpat sheets measuring 30 by 40cm. Based on the measurements provided, there should have been adequate space for the  Silpat sheets to sit flat on the base. But the measurements provided are for the top (wider) section of the pan rather than the narrower base. Actual measurements for the base are 29cm by 42cm. Just too narrow for my Silpats, which is incredibly frustrating because thin cookies placed at the edges of the Silpat come out a little curled.
Fast, excellent service. What more can I say? I was very pleased and surprised with how quickly they arrived
Light where you need it. This is my library's new best friend.  Unlike other reading lights that I've had the opposable arm is perfect, allowing you to adjust where the light shines.  In addition the LED lights give off a far less harsh light than the book lights that use a regular bulb.  It did take a little finagling to find the right place to clip it, for me when the book (hardcover) is open clipping the light just to the right of the upper left hand corner angled to the lower right hand corner at approximately a 45 degree angle illuminates the whole book with ease.  I will probably pick up at least 2 more for myself and will give several as gifts, provided there are any of these ingenious little devices left
LOVE IT! You'll never buy another brand of peeler again!. I got this as part of a set.  Used it only once and threw out the two cheap ones I had.  This peeler is well worth the investment. I actually began getting volunteers in my kitchen to help peel potatoes once I got this beauty. I do recommend that you be careful to hang on to the plastic cover that comes on the blade when it is new. It protects the blade while in the drawer.  And if your utensil drawer is like mine, it will protect rambling fingers from the sharp blades!!
WOW. I've never written a review for a vaccuum cleaner, and couldn't have imagined ever even wanting to, but am happy to put my voice out there for this one.  If you have hardwood floors and are, like I was, tired of chasing after dust/dirt particles that your upright BLOWS around instead of sucking up, try this vac.   It's powerful and makes quick work of what was, before, a major chore.  I have sisal and dhurie wool rugs which neither of the uprights I've had before would do anything on, and this vaccuum works beautifully on both of those surfaces, as well.  This is a fabulous product at a really fair price.
Bread Box. Good size, bigger than many I'd looked at.  Not as heavy as I expected, but that isn't bad.
Perfect mug. My coffee goes with me and not in a metal or plastic cup. Hard to spill or knock over. I was very surprised when I found this wide base cup and ordered two right away. Shipping was a little high and no discount for more than one. It is exactly what I wanted and well packed and not broken. Now comes the test of endurance
Wonderful Set- I love it!!!. You wont find corelle sets easily in stores. But Amazon is selling almost all varieties of sets at reasonable price!! I bought mixing bowls and the 16 piece set along with this 7 piece set!! Its wonderful even for gift!! I loved my set very much
pillow covers. I tried over 5 different stores in my area and was unable to find covers for my body pillows. The price was right and the covers were good quality
Great product. I love Le Creuset!  I have the 2 quart and 6 quart size French Ovens, so decided to splurge on the 3 1/2 quart size.  Although they are expensive, they are well worth the money
Fling it squirrel. Sturdy well made toy for my Westie...she loves it.....the fling it part works well and I can swing it around and throw it.....for the money....I think this is a great doggy toy
Nice Looking but overpriced. These are nice looking but VERY overpriced. Also took a long time to receive
Looks cute on the counter but... I've had one for two years and it makes great tuna melts!  But you should line the bottom crumb catcher with a small square of aluminum foil so it will be easier to clean.  It's difficult to reach around the racks to clean.  And there's always something dripping on the bottom that then turns into an unidentifiable charred mess.  It's a limited toaster, but sooo cute
Solid and beautiful. This furniture is an excellent value!  It is indeed a hardwood frame on everything and you'll be surprised how heavy those end tables are after you've put them together!  The cusions are a suede-like microfiber that zip off- scoring points for easy cleaning.  The color is more along the lines of a hot chocolate color rather than the creamy chai color on the screen- but still blends beautifully into a neutral palette.  The assembly was a bit challenging- you may need a third or fourth hand. The instructions certainly aren't complete enough- they are more like general pictures, so there's a bit of guesswork involved. The upholstered side panels take a bit of &amp;quot;elbow grease&amp;quot; to fit into the frame properly. Took three people about an hour to put together the whole set with a few do-over adjustments for precision.  I love that the back cushions have velcro to hold them on and in place. The cushions are also surprizingly firm, but because the seat is longer than average legs, you have a tendancy to lounge. I'm not sure what the weight restrictions are, but we had about 700 lbs on the couch and it remained in one piece (can't say that for all couches we've had!) Overall a very impressive package for the price! We received free shipping and used a 10% off online coupon code so it was a great deal.
Love It. I enjoy basic sewing (like the straight lines for halloween costumes it about as good as i am) but this machine is so user friendly and makes everything it can do very simple-with a help screen right there (avoid having to search for the manual if it is something new). very fun to make things embroidered. I haven't sewn a straight line yet, but it is already well enjoyed! highly recomend for someone who is interested in dabbling in embroidery, regaurdless of sewing talent
First day at work. I got excited about 5min after opening the box... most people laugh at the idea, but this thing is perfect for me... i live in a decent sized apartment and always have unexpected guests... all i did was set the schedule to to the thing on twice a week while at work... lets see how that runs... just for fun, as soon as i got it, i plugged thehomebase charger in, took the roomba to the opposite end of my apartment in another room... pushed the "find home" buttons and within 5 min, it was charging it self.... right now i have it running around the apt just to watch it.. its entertaining, circling around chair legs before its done going under furniture, stopping at lint and going over it again it till it gets picked up... i dont know what to say... ive had the thing for 5 hours, and im loving it... whenever it goes over wires, it backs up and tries something else... and the thing sounds like a remote control car... maybe not even that loud... i was expecting it to sound like a full blown vacumm.. not the case at all.... just as a test i put a very thin cord about 6 inches long in its path to see what would happen... the thing tries everything to get it from being stuck, then if it cant get it out.. it stops and makes little "game over" type sound effects... this thing is good... anyone who sees what its doing to my apt will wind up getting it.   I will update this if anything changes.   hope you get the same results
beautiful. Beautiful bowls.  Cobalt blue on the outside, french white on the inside.  These bowls are very heavy, a sign of durability.  These bowls are going to last a long time and I plan on ordering more
great tie rack. My husband has so many ties, and he was hanging them all on different hangers, and they would fall all over the place, and he could never find the one he wanted.  So I got online to find him a simple rack to keep all his ties in one place, but I didn't need anything with lights or a motor to rotate it.  This has been great- simple, meets the purpose, he can now keep all his ties in one place and they don't fall off! Now I can use all the hangers this tie rack frees up
does what it does. i bought this pillow for my wife.  she sleeps with a teddy bear and is always doing work/homework in bed.  she was just promoted and i thought it would be a cute present.  so far, it's delivered
Perfect cookie tin size pizelles. First off, let me state I've been making pizelles with Villaware bakers since I was a child. My grandmother owned one of their first pizelle bakers, and the unit lasted her for 30+ years! Take care of villaware products and they will take care of you. :)Secondly, this little gadget is perfect for the Christmas cookie baker who likes to give out tins. For years I would use a full size 5 inch pizelle baker and try to figure out the proper amount of dough to drop on the iron in order to make slightly smaller pizelles that would easily fit in my cookie tins along with a managery of other cookies. This takes out the guess work and it saves a lot of time. Making 4 at a time in about 1 minute definitley beats only making 2 'slightly smaller' pizelles on a full size iron.SO! Most importantly, if you are looking to make the full-size traditional-size pizelles OR if you are wanting to turn your pizelles into 'ice cream cones' by rolling them... this is NOT the baker you want. You want the baker that makes 2 at a time. BUT... if pizelles the size of your average chocoalte chip cookie is what you are looking for. Click the ADD TO CART botton right now! :)New at trying pizelles? Use the inclosed recipe book. It even includes the original (no kidding!) recipe my grandmother used for years. This is the real deal. Straight from Italy. :) Oh... and a few side notes to newcomers to pizelle baking: I suggest rubbing down the iron with a stick of margarine. The baker claims to be non-stick, but I have yet to see a baker that doesn't start having issues toward the end of a batch due to heat. This little unit (and all other pizelle bakers out there) gets HOT! Also, unlike other cookie baking, you don't want to make your dough ahead of time and refrigerate it. Make your dough right before you are ready to use it. Also, a no-fuss no-muss shortcut is to get a pastry bag and fill it with the dough. Use the pastry bad and a pastry tip as your 'dough dispencer.' You'll use 'every last drop' and have less to clean up versus dropping the dough with a spoon or cookie baller. And one last thing... don't be afraid to experiment! The original recipe (with italian anise oil) is not the only way to make a super yummy pizzelle! Try coco powder, tahitian vanilla extract, or even amaretto. Have some extra time on your hands? Try drizzeling them with chocolate (dry for about 15 minutes on wax paper and store in an air tight container). They'll be a hit!Happy baking
Mmmmm Mmmmm Good. During the relatively short time that I have had it, and made use of it, it is proving itself to be a wonderful addition to the other cooking equipment in my kitchen.  Look forward to using it much more often
Morphing pillow. This pillow is very different from any pillow you've used before unless maybe you have a Buckwheat hull pillow.  This pillow is made from the same materials as those fun squishy pillows you see in discount stores and the like.  As you can with a Buckwheat pillow you can change the shapeof this one by pushing and mashing on it.  I use my head to wallow an indention in the pillow that feels right.  Better than a Buckwheat it is much quieter and softer.  My old Buckwheat pillow is like a rock compared to this baby.  However, don't think for a minute that this pillow is like a down or polyester filled conventional pilllow, it isn't. After you mash it around and make a dent in it for your head it is very firm.  It cradles your head.  On my bald head it feels a little warm, but my wife didn't notice.  I'm sure this warmth is due to the insulating nature of the foam micro beads. I like it a lot, but I'm used to having to shape my pillow to my needs.  My wife tried it and said she tossed and turned a lot less.  We may be getting another one
Beautiful!. Fast shipping even during Christmas time. Well worth the money. Look and feel expensive. Would totally recommend
Great Multi-purpose Pan. I bought this nine months ago, and am very pleased with it.  I've used it to make omelets, fry burgers, make all kinds of sauteed dinners and just love the pan.  I'm careful to use the calphalon tongs, and I let it cool before I hand wash it and it's holding up very well.  It heats well and has nice balance.  The handle is a little longer than I'd like, but not bad.  I love the glass lid!I highly recommend this pan
Fit for a Cheff. Heavy duty cookware! I  love the measurement marking - excellent
Perfect for price, size, and what I need!. NOTE: I meant to give this item 5 stars - somehow it was submitted as 4 stars and I can't seem to change it. THIS IS A 5+++ STAR ITEM!!!!!!!!!!    Here's my review:I've never bought a food processer before because 1) I don't cook that much, and 2) I've never had a dishwasher and I thought they looked like a real pain to wash by hand. But now I have a dishwasher, need to cut back on expenses (less eating out), and want to start eating healthier. Soooo, I did a little research here at Amazon, and ended up purchasing the Hamilton Beach 70800. I don't plan on doing any fancy cooking or hosting big dinner parties, so saved the extra $20 on the crinkle cut/fine grater blade that comes with the 70850. I have used the 70800 several times now, and it is perfect for my needs! It does tend to reduce onions and peppers to mush with the grater side, but on the slicer side leaves them in fajita size pieces. It grates and slices carrots, potatos and zuchinni perfectly! And all in a split second! I do cut the food into smaller pieces to fit in the chute, but I figure even with an expensive big food processor you still have to cut the ends off the vegetables, take the skin off the onions, cut the tops off and clean out the peppers, etc. - so hacking them into quarters isn't that much more.And the cleaning issue: I'm using this almost daily, and I only run my dishwasher once or twice a week. So I'm washing it by hand afterall, and it's a breeze! Usually it just rinses clean with water, but I run a soapy sponge around it for a second just to be safe, rinse again, and it's done! Ocassionally food gets stuck in one spot where the lid is permanently screwed together, but it's easily dislodged with a scrubber brush, and I would probably have to do that before putting it in the dishwasher anyway. I also don't have a lot of storage space, and this fits easily in a big drawer where I keep my hand mixer and single serving waffle iron. So for it's price and size - this is perfect! I would highly recommend the 70800 to anyone
Amazing!. I am a wineglass snob. I thought Riedels were the best to have but I bought these from a wineshop after the owner took 2 glasses and banged them together. I was suprised when there wasn't broken glass on the floor. I have broken many of my nice Riedels and it costs a pretty penny to constantly replace. These have been absolutely the best for boating because they aren't fragile like Riedels and can handle being knocked over without cracking. These glasses are still large enough that I can easily swirl my wine. It does make a difference what type of glass you serve your wine in. I don't notice a difference in taste between these and my Riedels. The stem is about a half inch higher than Riedel Bordeaux glasses.  When these 2 are placed side by side the Schotts stand over an inch and a half taller over the Riedels. Give these a try. You can impress your friends and save some money in the long term
excellent deal. I love this living room set. It came a day early the tables are solid hardwood not cheep vaneer the sofa, chair, &amp; ottoman are done in a beautiful Faux Suede it is much darker than the picture but i actually like it better than the online picture it wasn't too hard to put together the instructions are difficult if you haven't put stuff like this together before it took me two hours by myself to put it together i only needed help with the back of the sofa. an excellent deal for the money -lj in slc u
Absolutely worth the price. I got this when it was only priced at $18.00 and also got an additional $2.00 off.  So at $16.00 it was very well worth it.  I was a bit worried that I might end up with a box of broken glass since I have heard stories about Amazon shipping glass products, but nope it was in perfect condition.  Nothing was broken.  It came in it's original box and then in an additional 2 other boxes.  The product is beautiful.  Would definitely buy again.
Great buy!. What a great deal this was.  The grill pan was less than half price and the two All-Clad oven mitts are a terrific bonus.  Macy's shipped this almost immediately and it arrive very quickly
Not too bad. It works pretty good, although sometimes it take 5 tries to turn the light on. Also the backing of the light where you hook the book is very very tight and does not go out at all so its hard to connect the light to books without ruining the pages
poacher plus much more. Attractive and functional. Poaches to perfection whatever your preference (soft center to well done). Eggs can be kept warm over the water once pan is removed from the heat. I suggest some non-stick spray in egg cups for very easy removal even though they are "non-stick". Warm water and suds clean up. The base pan is also an excellent saute pan. Worth the $
Hepa Air Cleaner. these hepa filters are reasonable unlike most air cleaner filters, work well and keep my room free of allergies and fresh.  I am really pleased with how long they last, you only need to replace it once a year
Excellent heater - highly recommended. I bought this heater to warm a cold basement, as the central heat in my house does not extend there.  A few days after I got it, our oil burner started having trouble.  During the past week, between visits from the HVAC company, I have brought it back upstairs and have been using this heater to warm my entire house.  It warms a large area (with cathedral ceilings) surprisingly well and has allowed us to live in 15 degree outdoor temperatures without too much discomfort.  I also have 2 small DeLonghi SafeHeat units, which are great for small areas (bedrooms etc); so by combining this large heater with the 2 little ones we're getting by nicely even in the very cold weather.  Our oil burner is back in business; but it's nice to know that if it takes another vacation this heater is up to the challenge
Good Mug. We've been enjoying these. They're good for everything from ice water to cup-a-soup.One of them showed up broken, but the rest were fine
Boy does it whistle!. I have had this kettle for a few months and I am very happy with my purchase.  The only reason I did not give it 5 stars is because the twist off top for cleaning can be a little stubborn.  No leaks, no hot water on the handle, no returns
The Best Steamer on the Market. Steam Heat has so many features that can't be found on a standard vertical steamer. The best feature is that I can program different times for differnet types of food so that each is steamed to perfection and they are all ready at the same time. The steamer switches to keep warm mode for 60 minutes after the food has finished steamer so that is really cool too.Another plus, because of the horizontal design, the flavors stay in their own bowl and don't mix with the other foods being steamed.I made a deliciously decadent chocolate cake in the steamer too. Yes, you can make desserts in the Steam Heat as well as healthy breakfasts, lunches, dinners and appetizers too. If you thought steaming was just for fish and veggies, think again.
My favorite knife. This is the best for fruits and vegetables! It is the perfect size and blade length for my hand
Another Great (No Pun Intended) Product From Oxo!. I got tired of dragging out my trusty box grater to do small jobs like grating nutmeg, ginger or Parmagiana Reggiano so I picked this little gem up. It feels good in your hand (no surprise there...it's what Oxo is known for)is well-made and cleans up beautifully...every time. It is so easy now just to grab this guy and grate what needs to be grated that I find I am using whole spices more and more. Grab yourself one of these...you'll love it
Easy to change. These carbon filters work great!  The room smells cleaner & fresh.  It is very easy to change them!*** Make sure you order the right size!*** Change it every 3 months (as sugested)*** Lightly vacumme the filter once a month    (if your house is dusty or you have pets
circulon is the best cookware on the market. i have had many kinds of cookware over the years and circulon is by far the very best..this 4 quart saute pan is excellent for making sauces and browning meats..i love it
Solid, easy. This is a handy little gadget. We use it to prepare cherries for the baby, and this really saves a lot of time. This is a well made, good looking, solid tool
I really like this, so I don't get all the bad reviews. I use this all the time for homefries. I find it a tremendous time saver. Yes, it does take a little strength to push through, yes the last potatoe is a little hard to get out, and YES I can get the job done FAST which for busy persons is worth it. So, I really like mine. I dice the onion, saute in a chef's pan with a little olive oil. Peel the potatoes, cut them in half, push them through the cutter, and toss them in the pan and cook unitl done. I think for the price it is worth it
great deal. This flatware set is sturdy, contemporary and certainly worth the cost.  It came with 8 extra teaspoons and a hostess set.  The actual size of the flatware is larger than most and heavy, definitely not cheap.  Overall it is a great deal for the price
Perfectly fits the books' atmosphere. For those of you unfamiliar with the "A Series of Unfortunate Events" books, they detail the absurdly tragic lives of the fictional Baudelaire orphans, and their struggles to overcome adversity (after adversity, after adversity, ad infinitum).  Hovering in the background of their tragedies and occasional, brief glimpses of happiness, is their distant cousin, the scheming, greedy, conniving, ruthless cousin, the Count.Given the concept of the story, this poster fits perfectly, with the orphans, standing together but otherwise alone, in the middle, with the shadow of the Count casting gloom upon them.  It is a perfect fit, as is the casting of Jim Carrey as the Count
Good cleaver. I got a good deal on this and it turned out to much better than expected.  Well made with a sharp edge that holds up.  The only reason for a 4 is the handle is not the most comfortable or secure grip.
Delightful. Though the price would be a bit high if one wanted to have a large set of mugs, the Pisoulet mug is quite a good value. The design is charming, reminiscent of country French. I enjoy the 'cafe feeling' when I use this for coffee or latte
Thank You Amazon Reviewers. I was looking for dish sets, wanting the square shape, but didn't want to pay $10/plate, or have hideous floral patterns. I found these here, but didn't like the yellow color--fortunately I read the user reviews instead of clicking my way elsewhere. There are indeed, a lot prettier than the pictures, and not heavy.When they arrived, the box was beat to a pulp, wherein I gave my UPS dude major stink eye telling him there were dishes in that mess. They were very well packed--not one crack, or chip.I'm extremely happy with these, with only one minor complaint--the mugs should be square as well.Thanks to all the reviewers--without them I wouldn't have ordered because of the picture (not true to real color)
Good for 1 Cup. Overall I have been happy with it.  I normally only brew 1 cup so I don't have the problems with uneven distribution.  My only complaint is that the coffee isn't quite hot enough. I don't use the cups that came with the coffer maker, they are mediocre. I recommend getting different cup.  A good Thermos (Nissan) brand cup works great and keeps the coffee hot for hours
Excellent Product. For some reason the litter locker refills have been scarce in local stores.  I was so excited not only to find them on Amazon but also at the price.  Product arrived quickly and I will order again
Pillow Top Queen Fiberbed. I bought this for a Christmas present for my girlfriend because she has always wanted one, and she loves it. She used to have one, of those egg crates on her bed, which isn't very comfortable, and I have even slept on, it myself, and it makes a world, of difference. I used to not like her bed at all because, I didn't think it was comfortable, but now that's all changed thanks to the Pillow Top Queen Fiberbed
Better than anything I could find in local department stores. I bought one of these last year for the kitchen and I love it. I'm buying another to put near the cat litter box for clean up. Heck, I just might buy two more because I like it so much! I'm sure that I can find another place I could use one, maybe the bathroom.Only downside, as has been mentioned, is the noise made by the ratcheting mechanism. Personally, I don't mind the audio feedback so much
Great product for the money. I bought this to use as a soup pot and a dutch oven (or french oven depending on what you call it).  It has worked out great for both purposes so far.  I have not been limited by the slightly smaller/curved bottom of the dish.  I would highly recommend this as a 2 in 1 piece of cookware.  The price is really great as well.  Its a tough combination to beat
I can't believe I didn't buy it sooner. This pot rocks.  You'll fall in love with it the first time you cook with it.  It browns well, cleans easily, and goes from the stove to the oven to the table in style.My only complaint is that mine arrived slightly chipped, but the chips don't seem to affect its performance, so I didn't send it back
Best mashed pototoes...really!. I was skeptical buying this thing for my GF last year.  I didn't think the brand or style of mixing device would have any effect on how the food turned out.  Wrong!  The mashed potatoes that come out of this thing are so smooth I can't even believe it.  Being able to walk away from the mixing task to prepare something else is also a treat.
Great on tomatoes, great utility knife as well!. I bought this knife in January 2005, after lusting for one of the beautiful Shun knives for a long time.  I was a little concerned about the D-shaped profile of the handle, because I'm left-handed, but have not had any problem with it.  The edges are rounded and the difference between the flat side and the rounded one is not an intrusive sensation.  That said, I'm not convinced there's any significant advantage to this shape, either.I selected the tomato knife because it seemed like it would fill an unoccupied niche in our rather large collection of kitchen knives.  This is a versatile knife that shouldn't be limited by its name - not only does it handle the ripest tomatoes well, but it's handy for cutting other soft, juicy fruits and vegetables or any other use for which a serrated blade is needed, and the size of the blade makes it an excellent utility knife.  My husband and I use it regularly, and we both love it.
Great product. Great product.  Works very well, and easier to clean than those ones that look like wire mesh.  Works perfectly for pasta, if a little large.  Very durable, should last for quite some time
Joyce Chen 14-inch Carbon Steel Wok. I am very pleased with the Joyce Chen Carbon Steel Wok.  The quality is excellent.  I could have shopped all day and I would have had difficulty finding one of this quality.  The price was good, too.  I have purchased several appliances from Amazon and I have been extremely pleased with the quality of all and the speed of delivery
Best Blender Ever. This blender is powerful and you do not need to hold the lid down while blending. Just pour your stuff in and turn it on. Forget about all the cheap blenders like Kitchenaid.
Perfect bridal shower gift. I gave this to a friend at her bridal shower with an assortment of dried herbs.  The ladies ooohed and aaahed.  The bride is using it and claims to love it.  The rack itself is attractive, as are the shiny silver tones jar lids, and fits nicely in a small space.  The jars are easy to open.  I'm adding this puppy to my wish list..
Great Refill...BUT........ I own the Litter Locker Plus and I must admit that the product does live up to itsname.  However, the refills are quite expensive, the average price being $9.99at the pet stores.  I found out through a post on a different website aboutthe Safety 1ST NEAT diaper disposal refill system for literally half theprice!!  I purchased two of them at TOYS R US for $4.99 each.  That's two forthe price of one ordinary LitterLocker Plus Refill!!!  I tried it and it fitthe LitterLocker perfectly!!  I don't know if other diaper refills will workas well with this system but Safety 1ST is a sure winner!!!!
Super bowls!. Was looking for clear bowls so I can see the contents while heating in the microwave and prevent foods from boiling over. These fit the bill perfectly and I use them to make my oatmeal in the morning or to heat up small quantities of sauces. The bowls are also nice enough to serve from or eat from, and they can also be put in the regular oven or freezer to store foods. Simply great and the price is right!
cute. Great as the free gift it was. If you're purchasing it, know that it looks more like a jelly bean than a heart
Perfect large slicer (cheap too). For big birds, rib roasts, etc., you need a long knife to get a clean even slice. This knife delivers. It has great lines, and a ballanced feel. The forged blade is thin and flexible, yet still drives from the handle. The blade follows your directions well, and doesn't wander during a cut. A real gem with top quality construction. I'm a big fan of three rivet durability, but these contemporary handles look and feel so good that I chose them for the last three knives I purchased. Blade for blade, these knives are the best around. At this price, you can build a lifetime set in months istead of years
it sucks. I wanted a light weight, powerful vacuum with HEPA filter and dust collecting bag.  This vac works well for my house, since I have no carpet but wood floor and vinyls where all the dust collects in the corners.  I use the "Bear Claw" for my small wool space rags, and works very well.  I wanted the light, small vacuume to carry to the basement and to the second floor.  I am able to get all the dust bunneis on each stairs at corners where Swiffers can't get.  The weight of this vacuum is a charm for the stairs, windows and door frames and shelves.  I also wanted HEPA filters since I have four cats, and want to keep the indoor air as clean as possible for my children when I vacumm.  I also wanted the dust collecting bag, since I can not imagin how to keep the bagless canister clean, and the need to open the canister outside in a cold winter.  I like the idea of keeping the dust in a bag and toss it when full.  I like some of the attachments are on board, with long hose that is crushproof.  The only thing I wished it had was an automatic cord coil for better storage.
This pan is great!. I recently ordered this pan, wondering if it would be worth the money.  I have a smooth cooktop and my larger saute pans don't have flat bottoms which causes the pans to spin when I stir - very annoying.  This problem is solved with this pan!  It is very heavy duty so warping won't happen.  It is wonderful to cook in and cleans up easily.  The cooking surface at the base is about 10 inches, and at the top the pan is about 13".  I chose this particular pan because I knew I would be able to cook a wide variety of meals in it.  My smothered pork chops were awesome when cooked in this pan.  I'm hooked
Great product!. I received the iRobot Roomba Scheduler as a gift for Xmas this year.  It's probably the best Xmas gift I've received since 2000.First, let me state that my buddy has one and he had already instructed me in its use.  So I wasn't ignorant of its capabilities and limitations.  If you've never owned a Roomba before, please read carefully.1)  Handle the Roomba with care.  Sorry, this product is not made to military specifications and you should NOT abuse it.  It's made with plastic and rubber and it will NOT withstand a lot of abuse.2)  The Roomba scheduler comes with a quick charger base.  Keep the battery contact points on the scheduler and the Roomba unit CLEAN.  Use a paper towel and some rubbing alcohol if needed.  If the contact points are dirty, it will NOT engage and charge.3)  Your room needs to be made "Roomba Friendly".  This means, you might have to re-arrange your furniture a bit, pick up any items left on the floor, tidy up, and use cable fasteners on those electric or A/V cables laying about.4)  Before using the Roomba for first time, use your regular vaccum cleaner to clean the house.  The Roomba vaccum has a small dust bin and even smaller filter.  It's really designed for maintenance cleaning and not for heavy duty jobs.5)  Set your Roomba to clean your room/house 2-3 times a week and empty the dust bin weekly or bi-weekly.  Don't forget to dust the filter.  The Roomba is small and you shouldn't expect it to have a lot of suction power.Without the Roomba, I had to vaccum the house once a week.  With the Roomba, I only need to vaccum the house once a month.  The Roomba is NOT a perfect vaccum replacement.  But it does make your life a LOT easier.What the Roomba lacks in suction power, it has a great "grabbing" power and the ability to roam under your bed.  It's great at picking up dust, hair, etc. and keeping your house looking nice and clean.The remote control is a bit cumbersome to use, but it does work.  You can set the day(s) of the week and time of day for the roomba to clean.  Try to use the Roomba under your supervision for first few times and see if it gets stuck anywhere.  The unit is programmed to roam around in circles and straight lines.  When it bumps into something it backs up and change direction.  It's not a particularly intelligent unit, but it works and won't fall down the stairs.For what I use it for, I give it 5 stars.  But if you're expecting a 100% vaccum replacement, sorry.  This is a "80-20" product that gets 80% of the cleaning work done for you, but you still need to get off your butt to do the other 20%
Great Buy But Could Use Better Packaging. I own a Krups 1010 pod coffee maker that uses this filter.  For some reason local retailers have stopped carrying these filters and other Krups products.  This mail-order purchase was a good buy, much cheaper than retail, but needed to be packaged better.  The three boxes came crushed in shipment, but luckily, it did not affect the charcol filled filters. I would order again when needed
Cold Comfort. Beautiful looking quiet and efficient small Refrigerator. Black spillproof top and black interior is a nice touch. Good storage setup too. Froze all my beverages at the 3/4 of max setting,so I dialed it down to 1/4 setting.  I believe this unit could sub as a small freezer the compressor/evaporator is so good.Refrigerator arrived dented. Sent for a replacement and it was dented worse.  Packing material was totally inadequate for this product.  I kept the least dented one and shipped th other back. Nothing from Amazon to compensate for the damage
Covered casserole. A great covered server that can be used for anything you want to keep warm.  The Gold Dust design looks very nice on this piece.I love this except for the deeper than usual flaw in the finish.  I would have returned it for replacement if I had noticed it before I used it.  (Don't expect perfect finishes in this pattern.)  It is so pretty, even with its flaw, that I am more than satisfied
Very Satisfied. This waffle maker is everything I expected it to be. It works great
Works great, handle is plastic though. The steel works great as expected from Shun. The guard is beveled at the correct angle for the blade which is very helpful in guiding your first stroke to get the correct angle.The only problem, and this is aesthetic and not functional, is that the handle is made of a dark plastic and not wood like the knives. You can see this in the photo above but Amazon's description is faulty. I would have liked to have a wood handle for it especially considering the price. But, it still works great
This fan is superb!!. We needed a new fan on a stand for our kitchen.  We checked at our local Target Stores, Wal-Mart and Home Depot.  They were out of all of their fans. So we decided to check out Amazon.com and discovered there were many fans available.  We checked the reviews and found only 2 negative reviews out of the numerous reviews for this fan.  The 2 factors that influenced our decision to buy this fan were: (1) the remote control (2) free shipping.  We received the fan in less than 10 days.  My wife assembled the fan with no difficulty.  It has so many great features that allow us to use it in many different modes.  It is quiet, efficient and a superb buy for the money!!
Multi Options for Multi Cats. I bought this item at Petsmart for my cats for christmas and they loved it. The still love it. It vaccums well and the three different choices of beds is what caught my eye. My cats have their own likes and dislikes so to find a bed that can change styles quickly is really a plus for multi-cat households. I have four cats and each one likes their own style bed. Smudgie like the cavern style. Pippen likes the bed style. Snickers likes the couch style and Coconut like the cavern style and the couch style. As soon as they saw they just new it was for them and immediately started playing with it. They sleep in it, they groom in it and with the cavern style they play hide and seek. I think it's a great buy at a great price and I was thinking of getting another; since they like it so much.
very pleased!. I am very pleased with the toaster. The service and the delivery were very prompt. We had a small problem with the item, and with no problems they honored there warrenty
Best value for cost. I read all reviews on this skillet and the onely bad review was someone who complained about food sticking to the bottom . We followed directions on primeing skillet and to my delight had no problem at all. This seems to be a very good quality skillet for the money
Works okay. Buying these types of things can be problematical.  One can't know how they will work until they're tried out in one's own work space.  Things to consider are height and width of your open shelf areas.  This wrap holder can get in the way of accessing things on the shelf below.  In addition the hooks sit on the shelf above and can interfere with what you put on that shelf.  So keep this in mind.  The holder works okay overall.  I got two and could only fit one into my main pantry.  If I'd had the space, better solutions would be: a larger vertical unit installed on the inside of a cupboard or pantry door or a full depth wire drawer screwed on underneath a shelf
Perfect Banana Bread. I'd never owned Le Creuset, and couldn't resist a bargain here at Amazon.  Best possible investment.  Perfect, even heat.  I've made banana and zucchini breads in it.  Even, wonderful color, even when I left a banana bread in the oven way too long.  Cleans like a dream too
Shower Curtain Hooks vs Rings. Out with old (green plastic rings) in with the new (pewter hooks)!  So easy to attach to the shower curtain and "hook" over the rod.  And they match my pewter trim: medicine cabinet mirror frame and flavatory faucets.  Best of all they were exactly as pictured - only better and prettier
Review for KitchenAidKFP750OB 700-Watt 12-Cup Food Processor, Onyx. I love my new KitchenAid Processor, it is wonderful and works fantastic!  I recieved a great price on it in comparison to the local stores and even received a special 1 day promotion code plus a rebate!  All in all it was my best buy of the year, thanks to Amazon.com
Glass, non-reactive cookware. It seems to me that this type of cookware was quite common not too long ago.  Now, however, I searched high and low locally and couldn't find it anywhere.  It has become necessary for me to use non-reactive cookware to prepare medicinal quality herbs and such on the stove at home as traditional Chinese medicine dictates.  This glassware is ideal, and I am happy I finally thought to look for the product on Amazon!!  This saucepan heats quickly, the lid fits, the amber colour is very pleasant, it's easy to clean and doesn't absorb colour or flavour as the result of use.  I hope Corning continues to manufacture this stuff, although I fear they may not.
great. I love the Scooba.  It's a little loud but it is very efficient
Review of the 12 piece Chicago Cutlery Centurion Set. I am very pleased with the knife set.  The handles are very comfortable in the hand and the cutting ability is superb. I really like the extra slots in the block because I was able to put several older Chicago Cutlery in those slots. Good product
Start with the best. I bought the TV advertised version of this.  After 2 uses a small plastic part broke off the motor rendering the whole kit useless -  I was so disappointed.  Then I bought another one that looked exactly like the first one, but without all the extras. Well, the parts are exactly the same, but the screw on parts (the threads) weren't the same so none of it was interchangeable...more disappointment. This time I did some research first and found the Tribest.  It is fantastic.  Best of all buy the adapter so you can use canning jars to grind into, and if you have a vacuum packer, you can then vacuum pack what you've ground.  I no longer throw away fresh garlic, or onions, or parsley, etc.  From vacuum to freezer...fantastic
Effective, effective, effective. This product is best for bathrooms, in particular, the toilet. On those grounds alone it's worth owning.It effectively sterilizes (hold it in one place for five seconds) and cleans under the base of the toilet and I shan't reveal to you what the Euro-Pro steams out.  (it is best to have an old towel on hand to wipe surfaces dry.)It works agreeably on baseboards with the scrubbing attachment.Shower doors.I realized it was much more successful for the smaller area's (shower head, handles, shelves and tracking) that tend to turn lovely colors from hard water minerals.  The entire door -- best to spray with a cleaner first then tackle with the Super Steamer, it's the most effective way if not the fastest.  The Euro-Pro alone won't get the soap scum off the door with or without attachments.It does work well on pans and window screens of all things.But I'm most satisfied with its perfomance in the bathroom.  It's very nearly too ghastly to tell you how brilliant it is.  However, if you live with or clean up after males...you'll understand
Despite the mixed reviews.. I decided to buy this coffee pot. I have had absolutely zero problems with it. No overflowing, the coffee is hot, umm can't remember the rest of the problems but those were the big ones.  I am thoroughly satisfied with this coffeemaker
The ultimate lasagna pan!. I have been thrilled with the heft and quality of the Le Creuset poterie line - and this is no exception. After years of trial and error I have found this to be the perfect pan for my lasagna. I like to make BIG batches of lasagna, and this pan lets me feed an army. The color and finish are flawless and that famous Le Creuset non-stick ability is in full force here. Even after baking a big lasagna in it, washing this thing by hand is a piece of cake!So, to sum up: Its large, it looks great, it cooks evenly, and it is very easy to clean after use. All of that for a pretty good price too! Highly recommended!
beautiful glasses for wonderful price. I ordered 2 boxes of these glasses and received them in properorder, everything intact. The glasses have a very good shine and quality. They are quite sturdy and easy to handle. I am very satisfied from the purchase
More fun than useful, but if you enjoy playing with food consider purchasing these. An avid home cook that is a collector of both cookbooks and cooking gadgets writes this review.  I purchased this product because my cooking has progressed to the point that I am as concerned about presentation as I am the taste of the food I fix for my family.  I use this product to make fancy cuts on cookies, pie dough and raw vegetables.  I have summarized my observations of this product below:Pros:1.	Easy to change the shape of the cutout2.	Small size means easy to store3.	Excellent for cookie dough as well as chilled pastry and raw vegetables4.	Easy to clean by hand5.	Makes a very impressive cookie or pie crust that is deceptively simpleCons:1.	Of limited usefulness but still quite fun  (It wouldn't be the first kitchen gadget I would add to my collection)2.	Small size means it should not go into the dishwasher unless you want them to end up in the bottomIf you are wondering what you could do with these, here are some suggestions:1.	Happy Birthday on a top pie crust (cut out dough from the top crust or add dough letters to the top)2.	Message cut out of the top of a quesadilla3.	Monogrammed cookies4.	Monogram tea sandwiches5.	Cut out letters from cooked veggies and use the rim of a plate to send a message6.	Monogrammed french fries of polenta (the potato will needed to be thinner than normal to successfully cut it out)The options are really endless if you are creative.  I think messages in lunches are a nice way to remind those that you love that you are thinking about them.Overall, if you are looking for way to enhance the appearance of the food you serve your family you will get a lot of use out of these.
Great Idea. I had some problems initially with a faulty cannister, and it took me months to get it straightened out, but my mistate was in calling the manufacturer instead of the seller.  Once I finally contacted the seller, they quickly found the problem and fixed the issue, sending me an extra new cannister for my troubles.  I must say that, anywhere I've placed this device, the cats have continued to avoid, long after I've moved it to a different location.  We've managed to keep them off the couch and out the the breakfast nook completely.  Now I need to concentrate on another small room, and we may end up with well-trained cats
HELP! I don't want to get out of bed. I'm writing this review from my bed which I now find to be so comfortable, I don't want to get up.I originally bought this to put on a hard futon that guests sleep on.But I found it to be so comfortable that I'm using it on my bed now.It arrived compressed and needed about 24 hours to expand to its full size.Even at its full size, it is a 1-2" smaller than my queen size mattress.I think this is on purpose so that your fitted sheets will still fit.It did smell a little but that went away in a few days.I recommend airing it out in the garage or on a patio.I have been using it for a month now and I has definitely improved my sleep.I used to toss and turn a lot more.  I would wake up in the middle of the night and find my arm was numb.Now the bed conforms to me and I feel less pressure points.  My wife also feels she gets better quality sleep on this mattress and doesn't feel as achy when she wakes up
Valhallaqueen. This is a beautiful clock with a retro feel and it really jazzes up the room. Quiet, reliable and easily read from a distance, this clock is a great timepiece as well as a vibrant accent piece
Just what I wanted. After using other waffle irons this one is the best. It has enough power to make crisp belgian waffles with big deep holes. Wait for the ready light between waffles and don't forget to flip it. I use setting 6 for my waffles and use Alton Brown's (food network) 1/2 white and 1/2 whole wheat flower recipe instead of using a yeast raised batter. I've not had any problems and use it every week at least once. Leftover waffles (since there are only 2 of us)reheat great in the toaster oven and maintain their texture at about 300 degrees. Toasting does not heat all the way through if the waffles are frozen first
Everything I Was Looking For. I just purchased this product after alot of research of other similarelectric kettles.I followed the directions about boiling twice and I didnot detect any plastic taste or smell like other reviewers. The water boils fast, shuts off like it is supposed to, pours without steam burningmy hand and feels light even when full. I don't really need all that waterbut I like having that feature.It's also very easy to clean. I love it!
long awaited squid brush /baster. I got 3 so I could give a couple to people who are usually in charge of cooking for their families .  I think they found it intriging and I am sure they will like it as much I like mine.   It is easy to clean and just the perfict size. I don't know about you but I don't particularly like those long tubular bulb type basters. And I think it is cute
Amazing Knife. This is a great knife for hard and soft cheeses. It has a good grip and comfortable design. My wife was skeptic about it but when she used it she immediately told me to order an additional one as a gift for her parents because they are cheese lovers too. Some people complain that the knife will make a second cut after the middle holes pass through but this will not happen if you make a straight cut. Strong knife, it doesn't bend easily, I have even cut through old Parmigianos, still you have to apply some force but it will feel very secure
Expect Great Things. This is the second least-used item in my All Clad cookware.  I find myself reaching for a saucier when I could use this pot.  My advice is not to get a saucier in a similar size.When I have used this pot, it lives up to the All Clad reputation -- heavy for its size and heats well.  Angled sides really speed evaporation.There was once a version of this pan that had markings on the inside that so you could see when you've reduced the contents by half or whatever.  That was a novel idea, but it seems that version has been discontinued.Dishwasher safe is always a plus.  Stay-handle is nice as well
Love it !. I appreciate the innovative design that allows for all of the following in one salt shaker: small holes, large holes (for sea salt), or one large hole for pouring a larger amount of salt out of the shaker.  Neat idea
Great Product. I have had a 4 quart Presto cooker for 45 years but it was made out of aluminum.  I wanted stainless steel.  For so long, all the stainless steel was so thin that everything stuck and they warped.  This one has a nice heavy plate on the bottom to make it heat more evenly and it cooks very fast. I am so pleased with it that I am thinking of ordering a 6 qt. cooker.  We live at almost 8000' elevation.  Years past, we had a sheep ranch and lived at much higher elevations in the summer.  Most of our sheepherders had a presto cooker to save time in camp cooking
Cat heaven!. My cat just loves this bed. Now he is even lazier than before because he is continuously curled up inside it
keep things cold. * The insulation is a nice feature.  It keeps the drink cold and slows the melting of the ice.* While this shaker leaks some it is by far better than my other shaker.* The lid does not lock up like my other shaker.
Fast and dependable. I teach an adult school class and I probably see 60 students a day who love to drink coffee.  This machine is fast and makes super coffee.  The warmers let us make a couple of pots at a time so we are never out.  The spigot lets us make hot tea and cup'o noodles without using the microwave.  I bought this on sale with the rebate and free shipping so it is a great deal
Solid and beautiful. We actually purchased the 4 piece set (unfortunately leaving a review was not an option there.)  It is indeed a hardwood frame, and beautiful suede-like microfiber cusions that have zip-off covers.  The color is definitely more along the lines of a hot chocolate color rather than the creamy chai color on the screen- but still blends beautifully into a neutral palette.  &#60;br /&#62;&#60;br /&#62;The assembly was a bit challenging- you may need a third or fourth hand.  The instructions certainly aren't complete enough- they are more like general pictures, so there's a bit of guesswork involved.  The upholstered side panels take a bit of &quot;elbow grease&quot; to fit into the frame properly.  Took us about an hour to put together with a few do-over adjustments for precision.  &#60;br /&#62;&#60;br /&#62;I love that the back cushions have velcro to hold them on and in place.  The cushions are also surprizingly firm, but because the seat is longer than average legs, you have a tendancy to lounge.  I'm not sure what the weight restrictions are, but we had about 700 lbs on the couch and it remained in one piece (can't say that for all couches we've had!)  Overall a very impressive package for the price!  We received free shipping and used a 10% off online coupon code so it was a great deal.  I also highly suggest the matching table set
Carol. We were very pleased with the barstools. They are made very sturdy.    Assembly was very easy.  The barstools were delivered in a timely fashion.  Definitely would order from this company again
Finally, A termometer that works while in the oven. I recomend this item highly. Can be washed without fear of water inside and can be inside the oven while cooking. works like a charm.Mik
Good for any Home Bar. We have total enjoyed the Margaritaville Maker. We have discovered many normal drinks taste great when you mix them in this blender. If you are into the creamy (i.e. Baileys...) drinks they are lighter and more enjoyable. We are very happy we purchased this
Perfect for Toddlers who are scared of the vacuum!. My son is terrified of the vacuum so I had to purchase this.  It is absolutely the best purchase I have made in some time.  It picks up finger food with ease, paper in a snap, just about any mess a toddler can make it can handle;  A wise purchase at our house.   The Swiffer products are harmful to small children and pets, plus you have to refill them, this you do not, just dump and store.
Great pot!. This pot is everything I expected it to be. It's beautiful and works great. I knew to expect it to be heavy (and it is) but since that was about the only con between it and a pot that cost about $100 more in the Cooks Illustrated equipment test, I decided to save the money, and I'm happy with my purchase
Convenient Option. We ordered this product as an experiment in finding options to traditional kitty litter and we've found this crystal system to be a great alternative.  You use these repalcement packages in the automatice scooper and that also has proven to be a good alternative to the traditional box.  The life of the crystals varies depending on how many cats you have.  With two cats, we have to replace the cartriges every 15 days or so with periodic scooping to avoid "build up."  One constructive criticsm would be that the packaging and shipping make this option, of course, a bit more expensive an option to just buying a box and separate crystals and scooping the box yourself.  However, if you're out of the house a lot or for the bulk of the day and you want a system that maintains some amount of cleanliness in the box and you don't mind paying just a bit more for that convenience, then go for it.  The system does have the advantage of eliminating you constantly scooping every day; you'll just want to occational quicky scooping every couple days to, again, avoid build up
It does it's job. been using it for few weeks, it does it's job and does it wellThat's al
Gonna miss sea mist. One of the criteria in this family for what color to stock up on is how it looks under Mexican food. Sea mist and rose are two of the best, so we're building up our stock before they are discontinued at the end of the year. This set is a great way to prevent public double-dipping -- just have a lot of these in the pantry so everyone can double-dip guilt free
Wonderful. I have been very pleased with our coffee/espresso maker.  It is very simple to use for beginners like myself and easy to clean.    It is also a nice size so it does not overwhelm the counter.    The instructions were very clear and I had no trouble using the frother, it just took a little practice.
Nothing beats a Bunn-- period!!!. When I was looking to purchase a new machine, I only was looking for a Bunn. Bunn makes the best coffee machines, none can compare. Every diner, coffee house, and Dunkin' Donuts only use Bunn machines. The A10 is one great machine! Brews perfect cups of coffee hot and quickly. Everyone in my office is very happy with the unit. If you're a serious coffee drinker, please don't cheap out on a Mr.Coffee, Braun or Krupps-- frankly they cannot brew coffee at the speed, temperature, or taste of a Bunn unit. I bought the A10 to replace a Bunn unit that I used for 10 years without a glitch
corkscrew. This is the best corkscrew, so easy to use and very nicely designed. (There's one displayed in the Museum of Modern Art in NYC). This is the best price I've seen for this product. I've seen it elsewhere for $24.99 and up
Great pan. I got this after wanting to try a new method to pizza baking from what my mom uses which is a baking tray/cookie sheet.Its worked fine and was a perfect pizza!Great buy if you get two of the medium size and can do two pizzas at a go .Happy pizza baking.Also the non stick ones are fine too.Ms Tan CA
Pretty dang good board. My wife bought this board and she loves it. Despite what the other reviews have said, our board works great. We called Catskill for advice on how to keep the board from splitting and they gave us great advice. I highly suggest this board. We'll be buying them for gifts now
Great little scale. We love the scale and it works great in the kitchen or eating out.  It has been used every day, several times a day for the last 8 months. I just replaced the batteries for the first time last week.
question. I love the carafe and would like to know if you will receive this one in shamrock green because I am wanting to purchase 4 different colors. Please respond
Very nice bowls, but heat uneven. As for bowls, I love em. However, they heat unevenly and the bowl gets too hot to pick up bare-handed in my Sharp microwave.
Sunflower Yellow is Beautiful!. I collect both old and new Fiesta Ware and was thrilled to see the vibrant new Sunflower Yellow dinnerware.  The color is wonderful; much darker and more golden than the &quot;old&quot; yellow.  This bowl, particularly, is nice.  Because it is not too deep, your dinner guests can see your favorite dish; because it holds two quarts, there's plenty to serve.  Very lovely product that is easy to take care of
Great for my back. I have constant lower back pain, making it difficult to get comfortable in bed. This topper makes it possible for me to finally lay on my back without pain.  My bed feels so much better than just the plain mattress.  My entire body is more comfortable, I wake up with less stiffness in my joints, as well.  I highly recommend this product
my momma wants this knife!!. This is a beautiful piece. absolutely essential. like a surgeon,cuts like the very first time.
Great Buy. These pots and pans are great!  We love them and use them everyday.  You don't need any type of cooking spray at all in them.  You can not put them in the dishwasher, but for a few extra minutes of cleaning up, it is really worth it.  I would buy from this line again
Look great, functional. Excellent!  Finally found salt and pepper shakers that both look good and are extremely functional.  Was a bit worried at first that they might flow too easily, however found that the holes were just the right size.  And we really appreciate the fact that they are machine washable (our grandkids have ruined a few other sets by shaking them 'into' their food.  Highly recommend this product
Great value for the price. This pot rack was easy to assemble and included a dozen hooks.  No need to order expensive extra hooks! The rack is sturdy and functional.  Despite its compact size, it held 6 pots and 5 frying pans (some of which are very heavy), along with a wire strainer basket, without looking over-crowded.  The bulk of the weight is held by the single center screw at the top. I believe this screw MUST hit a stud, due to the tremendous weight it bears, so plan to CENTER the rack on a stud.  I'm not sure an anchor through drywall would be adequate, unless you plan to hang only a few pans.  The two other screws at the sides hold the rack from swaying.  The wire grid makes a cute shelf for a plant.  All in all, this is a quick, easy, attractive solution to an overcrowded kitchen.  A GREAT value for the price
Sturdy and wide ironing board. This is a fantastic ironing board.  Extra wide and very well made!!  My ironing board of 36 years broke and I replaced it, but the construction wasn't sturdy and it kept collasping to the floor when I was trying to iron.  Besides being study, I especially like the additional sleeve board that quickly goes in place when needed and out of the way when not needed. I highly recommend this product.
Use it for sugar!. I agree wholeheartedly with the previous reviewer: this "creamer" works wonderfully for sugar. Sugar dispenses easily and smoothly from the spout, whether into a spoon or directly into your coffee/tea/whatever. It is sturdy and easy to clean. I personally do not use one for cream and so cannot comment on its function in that regard
Best Knife Ever. The handle really makes the difference with this knife along with its weight.  Easy cutting and chopping, but watch out, it's sharp enough to cut your finger off!
Excellent blade grinder. This grinder has performed flawlessly. I have had no problems getting whatever grind I desire and I have had no problems with clean up, nor do I find this grinder to be messy. As for longeivity, well we will just have to see as it is new. I hope we have a long and continued happy relationship.
I Love This Gadget. This little item makes the best soda water and without all the sodium in the store-bought soda.It's easy to use and has performed flawlessly. My only complaint is that to snug down the top, prior to charging, one has to use the spout as a grip. I wonder if this will shorten its life
It definately works!. It soothes the sting and smells great after (like mint).  This may be the best product out there in this category
Great for the money. I got this cooker because it has so many variable heats. I had a crock pot that I returned because of the lack of heat controls.  This has a turn heat control so you can decide what temp you want.There is a smell if you do not let it burn off the way they tell you in the owner's manual.  I took it out in the garage, turned it on high and left it for a few hours.  No problems since.I wish the lid were a little thicker.  That is why this if four stars instead of five.
very useful. We received this toaster as a gift. It is wonderful. We use it to cook chicken, meatloaf, fish, etc. It is also great for bagels, toast, etc. I think we use it more than our regular oven. It is nice to use in the summer. It doesn't heat up the whole kitchen. Controls are also easy to use. Worth the $$
Big fridge, good price. I just bought this fridge at the local Target because shipping off the website was ridiculous ($50). The one at Target was cheaper too, only $140 instead of $150 (or $200 with s/h). It's really good and really roomy. If you turn the temperature all the way down, you can practically turn the whole fridge into a freezer, it's that cold. It's a really good fridge for a really good price. The rental fridge which you have to return here at UCI is like $178. I got this fridge for only $150 with tax, and I won't have to return it at the end of the year. It's a good investment
Great freezer. This is a great freezer. It makes a wonderful treat for picnic, parties or just a family dinner. Easy to use
The Hood is definitely a must-have!!!!. Excellent solution to eliminating/reducing the odor that occurs during the end-cycle of the cartridge.
excellent pan and even better service. My wife and I received the pans in this set for our wedding over 3 years ago.  They have been excellent despite very heavy use from us.  The non-stick still doesn't stick and there is almost no discoloration.  They are very easy to clean because the entire pan is non-stick, not just the inside.  The silicon on the handle does an excellent job of protecting your hand from being burnt even at high temperatures.The only problem we've had is that on a few of the pans the silicon part of the handle came loose.  I submitted a request to their customer service department on the web and had brand new pans within a week at no cost to me
First Timer. I bought this little machine because I have always wanted to create personalized gift for friends and family using my home-sewn products.  It does a great job, though project size is limited.  However, for the price, I was impressed. I may upgrade in a year or two, but for now, this machine is earning its keep.  So easy to use!
great affordable set. I did my research to find the best knives i could at the lowest price possible. I love cooking and can't stand working with cheap, bad knives, but couldn't afford the top of the range set.After much searching i decided on this 12 piece set by chicago. They were certainly a good choice.They are easy to work with, nice sharp blade, cuts through everything easily. So far no sign of rusting.The only one complaint i have is that one of the knives arrived a little damaged .The tip of the knive is a little bent. I have not got round to sending it back yet but hopefully i will get a replacement no problem.If you want to get a great set of knives at an affordable price then these are the knives for you
Elegant and solid. I went on a hunt for these glasses for a friend after our having beverages in them in a (now gone) bar in NYC.  I was delighted to finally find the exact glass at, what I think is, an affordable price for the quality.  I bought a set and we ended up "splitting" them (he only wanted/had space for 4 - he lives in a small! apartment). I love them so much I've now put them on my wishlist.  The beautiful clear glass, clean design and impressive heft makes them feel elegant, special and expensive.  I'm *certain* the shape and feel make the single-malt scotch I prefer taste even better!  An excellent value at less than $40 for six
bad ship!. If you are out of USA and ship with Transexpress please dont buy this because the ship value is 374$ :S and the item just 87$ but the Eclipse 12 look cool!
Makes excellent coffee one cup at a time. This little gadget is simple & cheap but you'd have to spend a lot more money to get a cup of coffee out of an electric coffee maker of the quality you get using this. Get some really high quality coffee beans, grind'em at home, use about one and a half scoops into your paper filter (using a small Gevalia-type scoop), take about 3 minutes (or less) to slowly pour your boiling water over the coffee grounds and you'll have a truly satisfying cup of hot coffee, right up there with French Press quality of flavor, but hotter. I've used the same beans in my Krups Moka Brew and they tasted awful then made the coffee using this, and it made a really flavorful cup of coffee. Highly recommended you try this before spending beaucoups of dollars on the high-end coffee brewers. Of course, if you're serving/entertaining folks, you'll need your standard coffee brewer but for making great, restaurant-quality coffee one cup at at time, this is a nice little product to have.
nice set. This has a nice feel, not too light. However, I was a little disappointed to find out that this set comes with extra spoons not forks
excellent buy for the price. very good product, easy to clean, discolor a bit after a couple of usages but has no effect on the performance of the mat, still works great
Great little 4 cup coffee maker. I got this because we wanted a white, four cup maker with a metal carafe.  This one met all the criteria and we haven't been disappointed.  It wasn't very expensive, it makes good coffee and it keeps it pretty hot.  I also like that it has automatic shut off.  I had no interest in the "travel mug" capabilities of the carafe so I can't really say how good or bad that function is.  I'll take one star off since that's been a wasted feature for us, but in every other respect we've been very pleased. It's definitely worth considering if you're looking for a 4 cup coffee maker.
9' Tart Pan. This pan is not 2 pieces so you have to be very careful removing the tart to not break it
Good Coffee Quickly. I was amazed at how much I am enjoying my Flavia Fusion. I saw it at a boat show and tried some. My husband talked me out of it because he wanted to surprise me for my birthday. I really love it. I love the decaf house blend. It is hard to find really good decaf or to brew good decaf. Decaf tastes bad after it sits for 15 minutes so you waste a lot if you brew a big pot of it.The Flavia is a total solution to getting good and hot decaf coffee. I also like the regular coffee and the decaffeinated tea as well. I like the fact that there are so many choices of drinks.It surprises me that people who have bought the machine and written some reviews touting how expensive it is to use it because of having to buy the coffee on line should have done their research BEFORE buying it. It is obvious that brewing individual cups would be somewhat more expensive than making an entire pot with store bought ground coffee. The Flavia is a luxury item, not for a poor working stiff.Anyway, the Flavia is fast and simple and convenient. In fact, I'm going to make myself a nice cup of coffee right now. Enjoy it
Product is great, not just saying it. I love this product. At first i was a little scared and worried about shocking my dog. I tested the product on myself and it really feels like a static shock after you have walked on a carpet. At that point, i felt like it was okay.I saw immediate improvement from my dog within the first week. I have used the shock mode maybe 3 times. I mostly use the tone. He really does pay attention to that. He has stopped jumping on the couch when he is not allowed and is adverse to stealing my socks.He has really improved dramatically in behavior. He has learn COME, SIT, STAY, OUT, BED,INSIDE and many more commands. He is now the dog that i dreamt of as my first pet.
Funny gift to give :). It's soft and medium-sized.  Didn't pay too much for them so didn't feel too bad when friends would come over and ask if they could take one. Now I don't have any left, but they're an interseting little soft "stuffed animal" kind of thing.  No real practical purpose probably - and I heard it's a horror if it ever opens/spills its contents.  And it's kind of funny - the thing itself is soft - but it comes in a huge box with TONS of air pillows (when you order it from amazon at least).  So if you're moving and need packing material, then here's a 2-for-1 special.
Carpet extractor. The machine works well. It is easy to use. Worth the price.
Sturdy stool. I just received this stool. It's easy to assemble and very sturdy. The size fits me perfectly too. The only thing that I have problem with is the color...it's not the cherry as shown in the picture. It is more like mahogany finish. Also, nowhere in the package or product is it mentioned that the seat cover is leather. Still, it is worth the money and I like the stool
Good Investment. Purchased these over a month ago and so far I am very pleased with them.  Although they are for smaller rooms, two work really well when placed strategically in the house.  For the money, I don't think you'll find much better.  Not real impressed with the ones that came with them for the vehicle - of course they were free (if there is such a thing), so won't complain.  Wouldn't buy them separately
Excellent Quality Ice Cream Maker. I purchased this Ice Cream Maker for my best friend for a house warming gift becuase my parents have one that is 25 years old.  My family makes Ice Cream a few times a year and this exact brand is still running after a quarter century.  It comes with an excellent recipe book and very easy instructions.  I hope to enjoy this with my friend for many years to come
Nom nom. They do not look as exciting as other chewy dog treats but my dog loves them. They are best for small dogs and light chewers. They are made with chicken and tiny bits of rawhide. They are a lot safer than traditional rawhide which can become stuck in a dog's gut and swell up if the dog swallows a large chunk. Give them a try!
Kitchenaid Stir Fry. I've used this pan several times since receiving it and it's wonderful. It's a great addition to my Kitchenaid set
Great for your hair and skin!. I've been using this type of filter for two years now and it makes my hair so much more workable.  My skin feels great too.  I never really had a problem until I moved to AZ...the climate is much different than NJ and the water is hard.  My hair started to become really dry, brittle and totally unmanageable.  A friend recommended I try this filter and it has really saved my hair
Excellent -  sized just right for a single person!. Bought a 8oz single cup coffee maker the other day, butwas displeased with it, was not enough to fill my coffee mug.It was just enough to fill a tea sized cup.I then bought this unit, that provides 15oz of coffee.Fills my coffee mug with a little left over.Note: you can add just a tad more water, to providetwo cups of 8oz coffee.Very well constructed unit, and also looks great on the counter.Also take note, it does shut off automatically once coffeefinishes brewing, which is approximately a quick 2 1/2 minutes.Works well, and makes a great cup of coffee
Memories of the garden. This is a delightful pattern to chase away the cold winter blahs. I love the convenient shape of the serving bowl. This pattern serves equally as well for casual dining as it does for formal. The colors warm up a cold house. It brings back memories of my summer garden
lodge logic pre-seasoned sportsman's charcoal grill. We were very pleased with the quality of the grill and the speedy delivery.  Free shipping was a definite plus also.
I love the way the bowls fit together. Not only are these dishes gorgeous and durable, but the bowls stack together so nicely and don't take up tons of vertical space in my cupboard.  I love them!
Great asset in the kitchen. This is a very good cover to keep on hand. It's not bulky when storing  and can easily fit inside the dishwasher. The small vents that are interspersed throughout help keep the moisture from  building up. It would get 5 stars if it were 12" across. Being smaller, the lid rests on the inside edge of my 12" skillet vs. resting on the top edge.  Still okay, but an extra 1/2 inch would be better. It's perfect for my smaller skillets.
Excellent quality. I already have a two sets of these glasses--the general red and white--and am about to order another set of red wine glasses. These glasses are excellent quality, well-balanced, and thin-rimmed. Suitable both for everyday and for setting the table for guests. Riedel quality without the cost and confusion of the glass-for-every-variety line.
Great Quality. I love the metal construction of this.  I had a plastic one and it kept coming apart
Great bowls. These bowls have been in my home for a few years now.  We have used them for cereal in the morning for warming up food in the microwave.  They are nice looking and very functional.  When we needed another bowl when one broke, we knew we would get another fiestaware bowl
Excellent Blender -- Powerful, Though Sometime Too Powerful. I have owned one of these blenders for more than two years now and love it. That said, don't ever take the top off while you're blending or you'll end up with a kitchen full of wet mess. The blender is so powerful that you can't sneak in more ice, etc. without stopping it. Other than that, I have no complaints. It's powerful and efficient and easy to clean. And I have had no problems with any part breaking or malfunctioning
Best investment. This is one of the best investments I have made in a long time - easy to use and well worth the money spent.  My puppy learned very quick about the flags and the beeping noise on the collar is great.  As soon as she hears the beep - she backs up.  The only thing I wish they could change is the size of the receiver on the collar - a little big for a 7 month old Beagle puppy.  I would recommend this product to anyone who has a pet that likes being outside
Finally, a handle fit for human beings!. If you've bought Fiestaware place settings in the past, you've surely noticed the awkward shape of the coffee mugs of yore. The old ones had a little ring of a handle that few adults could use comfortably. While the art deco design is lovely, using the old mugs was miserable and not the comforting "morning coffee" experience we've come to expect from no-nonsense diner mugs.Anyway, Fiestaware has finally taken note and given us a proper mug with a proper handle... and it's a realistic size, too, not like the cartoonishly oversized jumbo mug which is more suited for soup or cereal than coffee. Yay for the Java Mug
Great Coffee Machine. I purchased this for work, as I have the same unit for home. The choices in coffees and teas for use in the machne have greatly increased. It is simple to operate, and there is no miss to worry about. And best of all I don't have to risk the chance of having a cup of paint removing liquid that someone is trying to pass of as coffee from the community pot
Excellent Product and Transaction. The KitchenAid KFPW760 is exactly as advertised. It has three nested work bowls. The inner, smallest one takes a special blade (a smaller version of the standard processor blade). It's perfect for pulverizing/mixing small quantities of things. Pulling the used bowl out leaves the next one ready for use without having to stop and clean something. The same is true for the next one until you reach the largest, 12 cup bowl.A number of blades come in a well designed transparent and strong storage box (finally, a way to keep everything together). The unit even has with a fruit juicer accessory that replaces the bowl. It's the kind with the rotating hub (two hub sizes are included, one for lemons and a larger one for oranges, etc). While it seems to work, it's not as convenient as a low cost dedicated version such as the Black & Decker, but what the heck, it's worth trying.The motor is quiet and you get a real feeling of professionalism when using it. At first I was disappointed that there weren't any fancy front panel switch options, but after thinking about it, you only need the provided On, Off and Pulse.Would I buy it again? Absolutely. Would I buy it again from Amazon? Again, absolutely. The transaction was without difficulty and the shipment actually came earlier than promised
Incredibly Sharp and long-lasting edge but BEWARE on steel.. Cuts like a Samurai blade quality, and doesn't need to steel as frequent as the Henckels/ Wusthof knives. It has excellent weight for a medium sized hand. However, the handles get quite slippery when wet, so keep your hands clean and dry while using this knife for safety. Also, if you plan on saving money on getting a cheaper steel, DON'T, because this Global blade is much harder than the Henckels/Wusthof blades; a qood quality Diamond coated or ceramic steel is a must, or if you really like the steel design, get the Global steel which can cost quite a bit. Overall, this is a good quality knife with proper care and attention needed, just like a Samurai would do to get use to his sword
If you find you are at all on the fence about this, you probably sell juicers... This is worth the money in the materials it is made out of alone.I am not in the habit of writing reviews, but this juicer earns it.Perhaps you are like me, and have never used a juicer before. You want to get one without taking out a small loan, because you just don't know if your that into it. If so, this is your juicer.There are enough other reviews to give you a good idea of what your getting. I just want to back those up with my experience. This is a good, strong product
use them all the time!. i love this product because it works so well with the popcorn popper i received as a gift. i use these all the time. great product. efficient delivery
A Good Little Vac. Just the right size and power for our travel trailer.  Very versitile and convenient
Cat loves it!. The only thing missing is a little bit of a hood to keep the breeze away, but the cat has finally left our bed for hers during these winter months
yesteryears designs for today. The Hamilton Beach eclectric coffeemaker features all the conveniences of amodern appliance with the retro look of the 50's. It makes excellent coffeeand is programmable. The so-called anti-scorch keep-hot plate stays on for only two hours and is not programmable and has no setting (low-med-high)like other coffeemakers. So the coffee does not remain favorful near the two hour cut-off.The carafe cannot be put in the dishwasher and coffee stains on the lid and mouth of the carafe are hard to remove
WOW. i work at a deli that uses fryers all day. I decided to buy this one. I am throughly impressed by its design. i would reccomend this fryer highly to anyone
If you have a Powerbook... Or other widescreen laptop computer, or even just want some extra mouse-space, this lap desk is a fantastic choice.  It even comes with rubber feet to help elevate your laptop for cooling, if the feet on your machine aren't doing the job.  This also helps keep the machine from sliding at all on the smooth surface of the lap desk.Having looked for a lap desk as a gift for my room mate I wanted something, lightweight and portable but large enough to be functional and over all to be comfortable.  The Lapinator Plus was all that, and then some.  Eventually, I'm going to get one for myself
Bodum Granos the Greatest. The best if you want a simple shot of espresso or a very fine capuccino
I love this pan!. This pan is a good example of Calphalon quality and the design is very versatile. Start a saute on the stove, add ingredients, then put it in the oven for a quick roast or broil. I am also planning to use this to roast pork and chicken in the oven.The metal handles stay suprisingly cool, I have only had to use a potholder when getting it out of the oven.I hate washing dishes, but this pan cleans like a dream.The only thing I don't like about it is the high price
Bottom Line...It Works. As the other reviewers have also pointed out, this item works just like Vacu Vin says it works. It fits easily into any wine bottle, allows for a nice smooth pour, and keeps you from dripping. This is particularly nice with any red wine.  As most wine enthusiasts know, red wine can stain practically anything.  I recommend this product, as well as all Vacu Vin products I've tried, to anyone
Very Pleased. I was nervous about ordering this online (I am terrible at returning). But when I got it I was so pleased.  It looks great and has stood up so far. And for only 40 bucks to boot
FLOORMATE 500. Love it. It's easy to use, saves the back and does an excellent job
Bright as sunshine. I actually have several of these pitchers and love them all.  The handle is well balanced and it is an attractive item to set on the table
Great Shipping!!. Just wanted to try this out and found them here for a great price.  Also, the shipping was AMAZINGLY fast
pretty swell if you're looking for a butter dish!. I think all fiestaware products are keen and my transaction with beanibec was smooth, fast and professional!I'll probably buy more stuff from this seller down the road!
Pleasantly surprised!. Ran across this on sale for $15 at Amazon so figured I would give it a try despite the dubious cover pattern. I was very pleasantly surprised! The size is great for a large dog yet not as "in the way" as the traditional rectangular shape. It is VERY thick--much thicker than expected-and the dogs love it! The cover is removable for easy washing although I've not yet washed it so do not know how it turns out after being washed. I was in the petstore a few days after receiving this one and saw a comparable bed for at least 4x's the price. Great value!Updated on Review-Very displeased to find that lining is SEWN to cover -unable to remove cover for washing. USELESS!!
I really don't know... if it works. I bought this for my cat this summer. He's got a funny personality and likes to be alone. He hates to be touched and sometimes can be angry if you do. I bought this hoping he would turn into the miracle pet everyone wants. The cuddly loving type. LOL! Well that didn't happen. I'm not sure if I noticed any change in his behavior at all. It's really a matter of personality in his case, not anger or fear. I gave it 4 stars because I'm sure it's a great product as it seems to work for everyone else. But I DID notice a smell. Similiar to basic soap, like when you buy bubbles. It can be strong, and I don't like it. I have noticed he is around me more now that I've stopped using it. I used it merely to see if it would make my cat a happier one, but he's just a typical Garfield! I love him regardless! :
LOVE IT..LOVE IT...LOVE IT..WORTH THE PRICE!. ..I bought this recently and simply love it!!At first I was really worried because I saw all the reviews and there were more bad than good.  But I am glad that I bought it anyway to try it for myself.I have made frozen pizzas, chicken nuggets, hot dogs, and french fries.  This machine has cooked it to my liking!!  I love the fact that you can pick the temperature(s) that you want (ex: 325 degrees, 350 degrees, etc) and pick the timer so you wont' forgot about it!I am really not sure why everyone else who posted reviews had such a bad experience.  Anyway sometimes, you have to try things out for yourself to see if they work for you.Now dont' think for 1 minute this this toaster oven will replace your large convection oven. But if you don't want to have to wait to heat it up and deal with a large oven...THIS IS GREAT.This item will be in the Malloy Home for the next couple of years!! It is well worth the price.IT RECIEVES 5 STARS!!! EASY, CONVENIENT, QUICK, NOT HARD TO CLEAN UP..
wow!. These knives are amazing!  The storage case is even pretty handy and you can just put in a drawer and not have to worry about the knives poking around.  They are fun to use!  THe gusto grip is great for those "messy" choppers (like me), no more knife slipping incidents and no more cutting myself for that same reason
I can read while I wait. I actually purchased this book light so that I can read while I wait for my child to sleep.  he likes me to be in the room.  This was perfect.  Does not put out enough light to bother my son, but allows me to do something other than stare at the clock while I wait for him to fall asleep
Very Durable Product. I have occasionally noticed restaurants using Fiestaware, which is an accurate testament to the product's durability
Great item!. Having problems hanging your family photos?  This is the perfect product and inexpensive.  Sooooooo easy...
Pistoulet is Bright, Warm and Fun!. I have enjoyed every piece of Pistolet that I have bought, and am collecting it. Its' brightness uplifs my day in the mornings, and the quality of the stonewaree is excellent, the sizes sensible for a family, and don't have that boring feeling of every dish being the same. Casseroles with a bunny for my granddaughter, large soup tureens through to coffee mugs, I spark up when using it, find it easy to clean and very imaginative. Salaidh
great. I recieved the platter in a timely manner. It was packaged well and in perfect condition. I purchase it for a gift. I was very happy with it
A Perfect Fit and Solidly Made. We are very pleased with this solidly made cover.  I found 11" covers to be hard to find, so we were pleased to be able to find one that is a perfect fit and attractive as well. The selectable vent was an unexpected bonus
Wonderful!. This can opener is super smooth! I will never waste my money on cheap can openers again! I've had to throw away several cheap can openers in the past 6 months because they weren't sturdy enough. I would definitely recommend this one
Works exactly as promised...a true "gorilla in the mist"!. Like many other reviewers here, I have gone through many humidifiers - brands, methods, capacity.Last winter was a Holmes boiler.  It was decent at first, until the mineral buildup on the heating element outpaced my willingness to keep cleaning it.Four weeks ago, I bought the Venta 100 at Bed, Bath & Bea Arthur (j/k).  Followed the setup instructions to the letter (soak the filter!), and have been VERY impressed since Day One!The output is amazing; the unit is virtually silent (occasional gurgle as water is used and replaced with air, but not intrusive at all).  I'm using Los Angeles tapwater, and tonight (after a month!) finally had to clean off some pinkish deposits from the base.  I do brush off the ultrasonic element every few days, which takes all of 10 seconds.The humidity, as measured by a separate meter (Holmes, wouldn't you know!) goes from an average of 20-25% up to 45-50% in just a couple of hours - admittedly, I leave both knobs at their max positions - and the dry, itchy skin troubles I have each winter are gone!I run the unit probably about 12-14 hours a day, and it's basically a once-a-day refill.  Haven't seen any reason yet to change the cartridge, but given the amount of runtime, I probably will anyway.The only real negative I have is with the tank shape.  Because it won't stand upside-down (then again, neither can I!), refilling requires a bit of wrist/arm support.  Form over function is a bad idea in this case.One nice unexpected good thing: when the upside-down tank runs over with water while filling, the plastic seems to immediately drain when uprighted, so only a few drops of water mark the trail between my bedroom and the kitchen sink downstairs!I've read a lot of "dead in a day" reviews here, and maybe I lucked out, or they've made a design improvement, cause my VS100 is running strong and happy.Highly recommended (only caveat: requires a bit of strength to fill it completely).P.S. From all I can see, all you get with the higher-priced "digital" model is just that - a digital readout.  Stats and performance appear to be identical.  And besides, I wouldn't trust any humidity sensor on the unit itself...forest for the trees, etc
Fantastic can opener. If you need to open cans and have a good space to mount it, this is the can opener to get.  Just put a can in it, crank the handle a few times (easy) and your done.  Its a pleasure to use, a solid unit but not bulky.  It swings out of the way when you dont need it.  Its not going to get lost and you dont need to spend time looking through a drawer for that can opener.  My can operner is an off-white color...not as strong a beige as the one in the picture.  If you can find a place to mount it, buy it.
well built. I have owned others like this, but none work as well.  It slides effortlessly, it stays where you leave it, it seems well built... overbuilt!  I love it.  If I had any complaint, it would be that it does not come out quite far enough.  If you have a cabinet with a drawer above it (as most kitched cabinets do), when you pull it out to take out the barrel (ie to change the bag) it does not lift out without some strange angles to clear the drawer face above.  This sometimes results in some garbage on the floor if the barrel is too full.  another half and inch of range and it would be fine.  overall a pleasure
No problems. I received this set packed very well, no scratches, no broken pieces so I have NO complaints. The color is beautiful and the dishes are durable.
Mr. Coffee 4-Cup. Looks great on the counter.  Makes good coffee.  Nice features for the price.  J. Kent, N
5 stars quality. I love these towels. It is so soft. I like the color very much. I will order more for my house
Awesome foam!. I had a Krups before this and returned it. It didn't steam the milk properly and leaked all over. This machine is great, with the optional attachment, you don't have to be picky about packing the grounds. You get perfect crema every time. I actually have to get a larger milk pitcher because it steams the milk so well and you get so much foam from an inch of milk, that it's overflowing. Not to mention, it does make great espresso and cappuccino
My Bichon is CRAZY for this toy!. This is without a doubt my Bichon's favorite toy. He goes nuts whenever we pull it out of the closet (where we have to keep it when we don't want all the ruckus he makes with it), pushing it around with his head and shoulders like a soccer player and barking like crazy!  He even knows the name so we've resorted to referring to is as "WG".  My other dog doesn't seem interested in it but this very playful little dog already showed a huge interest in large balls like soccer and basket balls so we knew it would be just his thing.  I've read other people felt it wsn't durable enough but it has lasted us over a year and he plays with it a ton.  We are finally needing to order a replacement. I guess it depends on how your dog plays with it and mine mostly pushes it around.
Good rice cooker if you know the trick. I bought this rice cooker 2 months ago.(after having a problem with my old nonstick rice cooker)  The reason I chose this one because I don't like Taflon nonstick surface. It'd come off no matter how you took good care of it.  So far, I'm very please with it.I'm an Asain who eat rice everyday. I cooked as little as 2 cup or as much as 5 cup (full capacity). I never had any experience about rice stick in the bottom of the pot. However, you have to know the trick.  Every time you cook rice, you have to let it stand in the pot for at least 10 to 15 minutes (after the cook button change to warm button) before taking rice out of the pot, as a result, rice will never stick. And for this price ($26.99), it's very worth my money for having perfect rice in every meal. Clean up is very easy, just soak the inner pot for several minutes before cleaning
Nice pan at a good deal. Even though this pan is the "made in china" All-Clad version, it is still well mad and does the job perfectly. .... I will buy more All-Clad from now on
Browns Nicely and Easy to Clean. This is a great non-stick pan. Unlike traditional non-stick, this one goes in the oven and browns nicely. I ended up with a 11" pan instead b/c the 12.5 doesn't fit in my dishwasher
Pleased All Around. The service I received especially given the time of year (the Holidays)was outstanding.   The order was prompltly filled and sent.  The product, a set of Henckel Knives are as you would expect great and exactly what I expected for the series of knives we selected from the Henckel line.
Handy, Inexpenisive and Efficient!. I bought this steamer hoping it would get the job done ( the job being my kitchen floor that had some sort of gluey mess all over it, i tried MANY products and none of them produced any results) . The steamer was even better then i expected. My floor looks like its been replaced and I dont think im gonna have to clean it again in months ( if i spill something i just clean the spot that needs cleaning).My only complaint would be that you have to keep refilling it. It only hold so much water and then you have to wait a little so it cools down then you fill it and THEN you  have ot wait for it  to heat up. My kitchen (which is fairly small) took about five refills of the steam machine to clean up (keep in mind though that it was a heavy duty job). I also used it on my mirrors and my stove, my counters and the bathroom. Does this steam machine replace all the cleaners you usually buy? No, not all of them but most of them. It comes with many attachments that will be useful for MANY things. Its fairly priced (very inexpensive)and its is efficient (it yields results). Also, when you steam clean keep a rag, towel or paper towel(s) nearby because it does the job but then your left with a pile of warm filthy water that needs to be dried and picked up. I don't use the steam cleaner everyday but at this price, its good to have a round for those messy jobs that it make so much easier.
It Slices, it Dices. Global knives are really awesome.  This knife is amazingly sharp.  Due to my own carelessness, I have actually cut my finger twice with this knife.  I can assure you it goes through bread and finger with ease.More seriously, because it is one peice, it is easy to clean and looks awesome.  The feel is great in my hand and the knife is balanced
review of pike street Flannel queen sheet set: floral scroll. the product is fine, if you like lively colors
Good experience. You can put your ingredients in the evening and leave it slow cooking all night and in the morning you have your lunch read
Loving It!. My two tanks of Cichlids, Loaches and catfish love this food. Gives them high energy so they're active and interesting throughout the day. Also the tank appears cleaner or clearer even with multiple feedings with this product as indicated versus the regular tetramin that does cloed up the water
I love my knives. The look exactly like the picture and are very comfortable to use.  It's good that they are in their own case because it ensures that you won't have any accidents hunting around iin your utensil drawer.  Makes chopping, slicing & dicing a breeze
Great Non-Stick Surface. This fry pan is great. The non-stick surface is superior to any I've ever purchased
great value. This is a good value and the company selling it has good customer service.Highly recomended
16 oz stainless steel soap pump is a good buy. This soap pump was purchased to replace a more expensive model that eroded away after 2 months of use.  It has worked out great and l would recommend it.
A great value and no problems with breakage. I've had these glasses for over a year now and we've had great luck with them. We always put them in the dishwasher, on the normal cycle, in the bottom rack. Never had one break in the dishwasher or from handling. It may be that we've had good luck because we don't use a heated drying cycle with the machine.One word of caution: These are leaded crystal glasses. The lead in them WILL dissolve into any acidic liquid you put in them. The quantities of lead are very, very small... you probably get more lead from breathing than you ever would from these glasses, but still, you wouldn't want to leave wine in them overnight and then drink it.Low price, good quality, and they look nice. For this price, you can't go wrong.M
Excellent product. i was very pleased at the quality of this duvet.  The flannel is of very soft and thick quality for the price.  Size is perfect for the queen, slightly larger, but has room for any shrinkage.  looking to buy for the king now also.
Good night sleep for everyone. Bed says it's for 3 and up, but works great for traveling with our 19-month old.  Our son refused to sleep in the pack-n-play and we weren't getting much sleep when he slept in the bed with us, so we found this to be a fantastic alternative.  We've used it for local trips to visit family and also our first family vacation at a cabin in Tahoe.  We were able to pack it in our luggage and fly it with us.  Trick is to make sure it's confined.  To keep our little guy in one place, we usually place the aerobed between a wall and the adult bed (making sure it's snug enough that he can't get caught between the bed and wall, but not too snug to burst the bed).  We especially love the raised sides which keep safe and snug.
Love it. I bought this item to use instead of using large blender.  Love it!!!  Easy to use and easy to clean.  Kitchen Aide products are very dependable and this is no exception.  I use it every day.
My first satin sheets. I was very pleased with the quality of these sheets.  The fit was great and have been washed and dried twice and look like new.  I always thought I wanted satin sheets and I'm very glad I tried these for the price as they are not for me.  My hands get very dry in the winter and the feel of these sheets on them made me crazy.  I will be giving them to my mom as she also would like to try satin sheets. My personal preference was the only thing that would keep me from purchasing them again as the quality for the price was excellent
Reliable product. We bought this deep fryer around 3 years ago and it is still working great! We received a fancier deep fryer for a gift, but the fancy one never seems to get hot enough. This deep fryer has never given us any problems
Fiesta Cinnabar 831 4-Piece Dinnerware Place Setting, Service for 1. Item was shipped quickly, it was well packed and exactly what we wanted
Stemless wine glass. I really like these glasses.  They are attractive and pleasant to hold.  I prefer having a wine glass that doesn't contain a lot of wine - which is why I got these since they are the smallest in this line
great heater, very quiet. This little heater works well!  The snap-down wheels made it very easy to install (no assembly required).  The thermostatic variable control works well (unlike some others I have tried).  Some reviewers reported smelling an oil or paint smell when they first turned it on, however, I did not have that issue at all.  Since I only obtained my heater at the end of this years heating season, I haven't yet fully tested the high heat setting, but on the low setting, it kept my 20 x 14 foot room quite comfortable this spring.  It makes no noise that I have been able to tell, except a very slight click when the heater turns on at the thermostat setting
Dandy Little Vac. I bought this vacuum to use in the bathroom which I share with my cat's kitty litter box.  It sits in the corner and after I clean her box I just sweep the  spilled litter over to the vac and voom...all gone
Great Vintage Looking Piece For Your Kitchen!!. I got this canister and it has a nice heft, the liner is pink and the lid is very well made.  It is really a nice quality item for your kitchen and definitely adds a nice vintage touch to your kitchen decor.  The green is very pretty, celery color and pink on the inside is pretty and not too bright, both colors are soft more traditional colors
Great product. I love it!  I would have rather had the cobalt blue, but they were out of stock, so I settled for red and I really like the red color.  But of course, color is not the issue.  The machine is very powerful and extremely quiet from the other processors I have used in the past.  The first thing I made was ham dip, which obviously requires shredding ham along with onion.  It is fast and easy.  Clean up in the dishwasher is a breeze.  The price was good and I have always enjoyed Kitchenaid products
Very pleased thus far. Admittedly, I've only had this mixer for a couple of months, but I've been quite pleased with it. I've never owned a stand mixer before and typically burn out a hand mixer each year during the holidays (I have a great hand mixer now that you'll have to pry from my cold, dead hands, but I'll review it in the appropriate place). I'm a weekend baker and don't make yeasty breads, but I've been pleased with the mixing for cookie dough. I do think the bowl turning motor could be stronger as just holding the edge of a rubber spatula against the mixing bowl stops the rotation. Otherwise, I'm very pleased with my pretty new mixer
I love this item. Fast oil-less popcorn from the microwave. great for college. I got this 10 years ago in college, and still use it periodically when I don't want the noise of my air-popper, which I love as well.  This item makes fast microwave popcorn without the greasy microwave bag. I get to controll what goes on the popcorn.  Just a brilliant little item.  must have for college kids.
I LOVE MY MACHINE!. I grew up in a family that made home-made ice-cream at all of their gatherings. When I saw this machine and read about it's history I knew it was the one for me. There were some negative comments from other folks that have this same machine, and they actually helped me with mine. Hope this will help you if you choose to purchase one. First I lubed the gears with a white grease that wont fly off. The gears WON'T bind if you don't press in on the handle (not a problem, just the way it's made). I made a small gasket out of some very inexpensive rubber material from a chain hardware/lumber store and that keeps metal shavings from getting into the ice-cream bucket, it fits neatly around the top of the dasher shaft after the lid is placed on, similar to an o-ring. The shavings are going to happen because of the three gear action and you can't help it, BUT you WANT that action! I put three coats of spar urethane on the bucket inside and out. Not only does it look beautiful, it performs well. That is the only reason I did not give this five stars because I feel the bucket should come like that (they used to). This is definitely an awesome machine that should last a very long time with proper care. And after using other machines over the years (I was always the one recruited to CRANK) this maker is far superior and makes smoother, creamier ice-cream. I definitely recommend this to anyone that is considering a purchase. ENJOY
So far so good and I dont understand the negative reviews. We just purchased ours this past week and we love it!!  We've had glass coffee makers before and we used to waste so much coffee because it sat on the burner and burnt.  Now we throw away nothing!  Sometimes we wake up the next morning and there is still a half a pot left. A good 1 minute zap in the microwave and it tastes just as good as it did when it was first brewed.This is our second thermal coffee maker and we have found that unless you REMOVE the coffee filter holder after each use and rinse it, it will leak all over.  Coffee grounds get stuck in the little holes where the coffee comes out and into the thermal pot. Also to stop the leak problem, be careful when putting in coffee grounds, make sure none get past it.Im a little surprised at the negatives reviews on this product.  Its an in expensive coffee maker and it does the job very well.THE OVER-FLOWING OF COFFEE AND THE LEAKAGE PROBLEM IS DUE TO IMPROPER HOUSEKEEPING. WE HAVENT HAD ANY PROBLEMS WITH THIS.
Popcorn for your home theatre. This Nostalgia Popcorn maker is a smaller version of the real thing found in Cinemas. It does a great job on a smaller scale. IT has lot's of features, heat lamp provides both light and keeps your recently popped corn fresh and warm. Seperate on/off switch for the popper. Bottom tray to collect unpoped kernals and husks. It's attractive, easy to use, and looks like a far more expensive product than it really is.Deciding on popping corn etc is a little trickier, there are alot of options. You can buy the corn prepackaged with the oil and flavorings and that makes it easy. We purchsed a 50lb bag of popcorn from Sam's Club for $10, a jug of buttered flavored popping oil for $5, a shaker of buttered flavored popcorn salt for $2.50, and a box of 500 bags for $2.50. So for $20 we are set for quite a while.The bottom line, this is a good product for a good price!
Pitted against the cherries. Rapid, efficient,sturdy and easy to clean. Must to attached to the edge of a counter and the right edge was hard to find. I hand pitted cherries for 90 minutes and completed the same number in 15 minutes with the cherry pitter
Works great -- I almost threw out my area rug!. I have a 9' x 12' area rug in my living room from Pottery Barn.  With 2 cats, a dog and a 4-year old daughter, vacuuming was just not enough.  This carpet was also beginning to smell like my dog after a big rain -- yuk!  My husband was convinced that we should throw this carpet away.Boy, do I wish I took before and after pictures!  Immediately after the first swipe I saw something magical.  There was my beautiful carpet again!Aside from working wonderfully, it was easy to assemble and use.  Of course, I would have loved a bigger water tank; I changed the water once on my 9x12' carpet, but that's really fine.Also, be sure to read the instructions.  An area rug like mine should have plastic placed underneath of it to protect the hardwood floor while shampooing.  I just took a few garbage bags, cut them and opened them up.And it was also a great deal.  Sears had similar models for $100 more.  Next I will buy the hardwood floor cleaner and scrub my floors with it
The gem of non-stick. I am a serious cook, and I have tried just about every non-stick cookware available, and been disappointed--it either didn't work, or it didn't last.The Swiss Diamond cookware is miraculous. It is so non-stick that you can almost get it dry with a shake or two-the water doesn't stay on it! I have probably used the pots and pans in my collection over 500 times, and nothing has taken more than a few swishes with a brush and a finish swipe with a plastic scrubber if I had cooked something on. And the non-stick covers the entire pan inside and out, except for the bottom that contacts the heat source.One warning, which is made in the instructions: you must be careful to clean the pan thoroughly before using it again. Food left on the pan can cook into a permanent stain. This is true of every non-stick surface I have every used. My pans look like new after most of a year, and it hasn't taken more than a little extra care.Unless you need to use very high heat, or just have to bang your pans around, I wouldn't buy anything else
The best designed kettle ever!. Not only is this kettle incredibly cute, but the design makes it much more functional than other kettles. The lid comes off, which allows you to fill and clean it much easier than the flip-top variety. It heats the water very quickly and has been an absolute pleasure to own. It is priced lower than many others, too. You just can't go wrong with it
Product from a particular manufacturer questioned. I have had this humidifier before, purchased from Walmart, but when they stopped carrying them at my local store, I shopped online.  The 3 machines I bought each had the same problem. The gaskets which hold the cap closed on the bottom of the tank don't fit properly, and once it's closed is nearly impossible to open.  I never had this problem before, so I'm assuming it's the company I bought it from.  Other than that, the machine is wonderful. I've never had any humidifier that was so effective at clearing clogged sinuses and preventing coughs. It's also easy to keep clean
satisfaction. The product was familiar to me and I was very pleased to get such a quality product for a reasonable price.  It was shipped and arrived here in good time.  Thanks!
Fuzzy logic + steam. I considered the more expensive Zojirushi brand because of it's reputation; however, picked this Panasonic cooker because it has Steamer function.  Many expensive, higher-end rice cookers can only do rice.  This has the fuzzy logic but can also steam foods such as veggies and fish.  It makes it much more useful than other models
Can't beat the bargain. A 300-thread-count, 100% cotton set of queen size sheets for $12.99?????? These deserve 5 stars on price alone. Plus they're decent quality, too. Sure, they won't compare to $500.00 sheets. But for everyday use, you couldn't ask for much more. $12.99??? I'm still in shock over the price
Soft sheets. These sheets are soft to the touch & don't shrink when washed. Free shipping
Great little tower. This is my third mission collection item, and it lives up to the other two.  You can't go wrong with this collection.  I use it for picture frames on a small wall that seemed too empty.  It took nothing to assemble and is great looking!  Highly recommended
It is so 50's !. I bought this pitcher for the pleasure I get just by looking at it. When I was little my grandma had one in her kitchen that I would stare at during meals. As I age this memories are important to me. Of course quality is great and it doesn't drible. Got the scarlet because of it's more contemporary look. Take a look at my customer image above and check how pretty this piece is. I'm sure you'll get one too
Excellent in most respects. Pros:- Sturdy, well-built feel- Nice loud beeper (I'm hard of hearing, so this is important)- Intuitive operation- Good ease-of-use featuresCons:- Squishy-feeling buttons- Display is a little hard to read- Clock isn't real accurateOverall, I'm pleased with this timer, but I can think of a few improvements...My main gripe is the feel of the keys -- they're the extra-soft squishy kind that don't give any tactile feedback when pressed, so you need to check to make sure you really started the timer going.  Because of their squishiness, you can press them quite a ways without actually making contact.  Calculator-style buttons that give a little "click" feel when you make the contact would be a big improvement.The numbers are a little hard to read, as one reviewer noted; however, I don't have a real problem with them.  The numbers are about 5/16 to 3/8 inch high (it varies by digit -- '2' is higher than '4', due to the way 7-segment displays work).  They are inset 1/8 inch or so, so can be in shadow if the light is wrong.  I've used it in various lighting conditions without much problem, just move it around a bit.The clock isn't very accurate; it gains about a minute a month.  However, I didn't buy it for the clock, so that's not an issue for me.  It's easy to reset, anyway.I really like the count up feature:  When using it as a countdown timer, after it reaches 0 and starts beeping, it starts counting up.  It will beep steadily for half a minute, then once every few seconds for several minutes.  So, if you're out of the room when the timer goes off (and far enough away that you don't hear the loud beeping), you'll hear it when you come back into the room, reminding you that you were timing something.  You can then check to see how long ago the time period ended, so you'll know if whatever you were timing is still salvageable, or a lost cause (Oh-oh, the cake baked a minute and 10 seconds longer than it should have -- should be OK, but better get it out of the oven right away.)You can also just use it as a count up timer, for phone calls or whatever; just press Start without entering any time.  And even though there's a button on top to switch between clock and timer, you don't have to use it.  Just pressing Start when it's displaying the clock will switch it to Timer mode and start it counting up; likewise, pressing number buttons in Clock mode will switch it to Timer mode and enter the numbers for countdown timing.I also like the memory feature, useful for repetitive timing.  My wife and I play Boggle, and each "hand" is timed at 4 minutes.  At the end of a hand, press the Stop button to stop the timer, then the Clear/Memory button twice (once to zero the timer, and again to reset it to 4 minutes), and it's ready for the next hand.  This isn't quite as handy for this application as a timer I used once that reset the memory time automatically as soon as you pressed Stop, then Start, but that one didn't have a Count Up timer.I recently dropped it about 4 feet onto a linoleum floor; no problem.Overall, I'd buy the unit again, unless I found one with the same features, but better keys
Just what you need. It does keep the coffee fresh!! We depend on it. Buy it!! It even looks great
Progressive International Soap Dispenser. I love these dispensers.  Their long spouts make using them in the kitchen and laundry simple.  Their sleek styling goes with every decor.  The wide base makes them nearly impossible to knock over and it is easy to tell which product is in which dispenser because they are automatically color coded
Great for really thin slices. I have used this slicer several times a week for almost 6 months.  It is still as sharp as the day I got it.  I use it mainly to slice carrots and cucumbers.  Slicing is fast and easy.  I can slice an entire cucumber in less than a minute.  I generally just rinse the slicer well and let it air dry.  I put it in the dishwasher periodically or after slicing carrots (to get rid of the orange carrot color).  The slicer comes with a small plastic thingy with little plastic spikes to use as a holder when the vegetable or fruit gets small (to avoid thinly slicing your fingers -- I have no doubt that this would slice fingers quite easily, although I have thus far avoided testing that theory!).  The little plastic guard works, but it takes me some doing to keep a carrot or other really hard vegetable from slipping off, as the little plastic spikes work better on softer foods.  The slicer is very thin, so storage is easy, even in my cramped kitchen.  I lean it against the inside wall of a cabinet, slicing side toward the wall.  I wouldn't want to stick it in a drawer, as I would be afraid of slicing my fingertips off while looking for it.  The only real drawback I see is that the thickness of slices is not adjustable.  You only get paperthin.  I will have to see if they make one of these for thicker slices, as sometimes I want a thicker slice
My dog loves it... Every time I pick up the can of peanut butter goo, he completely loses his mind, and then quietly sits on the floor and eats it instead of chewing on everything else in the house.  He's happy, I'm happy, and all for a couple of bucks a can.
Works wonders!!!. My dog had ear problems for years and finally came across this product.  Cleared it up in one week, with only a couple of applications.  I'd highly recommend it to anyone who has a dog with chronic ear problems
The Best Can Opener. Easy to use, great warrantee. Light years from other can opener
Love It. This pan is the best!   Nice heavy weight, great size.  Can grill 2large or 3 medium sandwiches at the same time !
Love the Garlic Twist. I love garlic but hate to chop it up. This gadget is a great time-saver, delivers perfectly minced garlic every time without waste and it's easy to use. I'll probably order another one - highly recommended
Great Ice Tea Maker. I owned two of the 2-quart predecessors to this unit and wore them both out;  I drink a lot of ice tea.After buying one of these and breaking into the box I was not too sure about it.  The pitcher did not look and feel as durable as the previous model I owned.  However, the new design allows for better steeping of the tea and uses less tea for 3 quarts than the old model did for 2 quarts.  When you drink as much tea as I do that's quite a savings.As for the durability, I have had no problems so far, but that is the only thing I have reduced the rating for.  End result:  I love it
great price, timely delivery. The title says it all. I got a great price and their delivery exceeded my expectations
This is a MUST HAVE. I bought this  fan 2 years ago from Phoenix   and it is still going strong! Its quiet and unwaveringly loyal.  I bought my 2nd one just the other day as a gift for my son in Seattle.  He enjoys his as much as I enjoy mine. The remote is a big hit with us both.   If I can I'm going to send a 3rd one to my sister in Seattle. She is in a studio apt..this fan is perfect.
Just what I needed. Hate to have my big ironing board up all the time, and also hate folding it up to put it away.So now I have my little board that sits on a table,  is just the right height and can beput away easily. Should have thought of this a long time ago
Amazon steps up. One of these four lovely wine glasses came broken and Amazon sent a new set as replacement without extra charge. That's why I'm a fan! Thank you Amazon
Took care of my mess. Let me describe my floors...  I turn 30 tomorrow. I'm a bachelor with a dog and cat. I'm also an avid (messy) cook and I bought the Hoover for my kitchen. The floor is a lightly textured vinyl. My main hobby is brewing beer which tends to leave lots of sticky wort and beer on the floor. Another side-effect is that lots of drunken people parade through my kitchen which is between my bar and the bathroom. It's also winter time and I've been putting a sand & salt mix on the walkways. In summary, my floors are disgusting!!I read the instructions today at work and I couldn't wait to get home and try my floor mate. It assembled quickly and easily. I used the dry setting first and it actually impressed me. I was planning on using my normal vacuum, but I was too lazy to get it out. It was also a lot quieter than my vacuum (a kenmore model)I set the hoover up for wet mode. It did what it promised- it put down the liquid, scrubbed, and sucked it up. At first, I didn't think it was sucking up the wetness as much as I would have hoped; but as I was rinsing out the floor mate (which was quick and easy), I turned around to find 90% of the floor was already bone dry.As I was cleaning out the wet container- wow! The water was jet black with dirt. Well, it's taken me a few minutes to write this, so let me check on the results...  The floor is 99.99% dry and immaculate! It hasn't been that clean, since... well, ever!I have one complaint- the container you put the solution in could be bigger. I ran out just before finishing the kitchen (and it's pretty small). Luckily the brushes were wet enough to finish the job.  I love my floor mate! Thank you Hoover!For all the writers of the bad reviews- I think you need to read your manual.
Great hot plate...utnil it died!. This is a great hot plate for a bachelor pad or if you live somewhere without a kitchen, like me! The plate size is a little big larger than most hot plates. For a hot plate, it heats up fairly quickly. The only drawback is that the surface has little ridges running from the center to the edge so if something gets spilled on the plate it's hard to clean.This is an update six months later:This little hot plate gave us many dinners until it died a couple of weeks ago. We had the hot plate for about six months and then it kicked the bucket. So sad. I wouldn't recommend this hot plate to anybody who will use it on a daily basis. It might be good for casual use.
Not as good as expected. I expected a lot from this product... and its great... almost.I am a college student who loves to cook... but hates to clean dishes. Normally I let them sit until I need to use one of them again - one or two days normally. I was so glad when I bought this that I didn't have to deal with tough scrubbing to get it all out... but all in all, I don't find it much different than using a normal sponge - except you don't have to stick your hand in the yucky water.It isn't easier or even faster... quite often I have a sticky spot which I will have to still scrub with the sponge in order to get it.It doesn't get corners well.I am glad I got it, but, more often than not, I just reach for the sponge instead
STURDY Sterilite Cabinet. I own 5 old style gray other brand cabinets & loved them - then bought 4 new style gray other brand cabinets - they are flimsy and all had at least one break - called for replacement piece, never received - STERILITE - TAN - is STURDY, PERFECT (like old version other brand) - LOVE the STERILITE!!!!
Awesome blanket. If you are trying to decide between this blanket and the Martex Vellux (also sold on Amazon for 22.99 as of Sep/29/2006)-- as a purchaser of both- I*HIGHLY* Suggest buying this one! The other one is not bad, but this one is GREAT, it really is an awesome blanket. The other feedback is right on the money- go ahead and order it online- you won't be disappointed!***** 5 Stars!-josII
Litter Robot 2. We purchased the LR2 after a Litter Maid automatic litter box stopped working.  We had the Litter Maid for about one year before it started getting clogged and eventually stopped working.  So far, we love the LR2.  We have two cats and the robot makes the entire litter process painless.  Our cats love it too.  They started using it withing minutes of it being set up.  A side benefit is that it really does conserve litter.  There is very little waste with this product.  We haven't owned it long, but we're extremely satisfied with our purchase.
Awesome Dyson!. I recently purchased the Dyson DC 15.  It is lightweight and did a great job picking up my Dog's hair.  The price at Amazon was the lowest I had seen for this product.  The swivel design makes it easy to pick up dirt in tight corners and very easy to use.  I only gave it 4 stars because this is my first Dyson and I've only used it a few weeks.  Overall, very happy with the price from Amazon and the product.
still works perfectly. I bought this grinder a year ago, and we use it everyday, sometimes multiple times a day.  It produces a consistent grind, is very easy to change from an espresso setting to a coarser setting for drip coffee.  Dosing takes practice as you have to think about how long the grind has been running to know how much you've produced.  I highly recommend this product.  I fully expect it to last many years.The only complaint I have about it is the area that holds the puck is too close to the doser.
Excellent roasting rack. I bought the All-Clad Roasting Rack and used it in a $40.00 roaster (not the All-Clad!!)  It was a great investment.  I got all the non-stick advantages but did not have to pay the exorbitant cost of the roaster.  I have tried it once so far...and it worked great.  Well-worth the investment.
Iris Plastic Pen is Great. I purchased the Iris Commercial Grade Plastic Pen for a cat that needs to be separated while eating due to dietary reasons. It is magnificent. Lightweight and easy to set up, I can choose just four panels for inside feeding purposes, or more panels for play purposes. I particularly like the height of the panels, which are higher than most other pens.In case the manufacturers are reading this, this pen would be more versatile if a fold out mat that could function as a cover or undermat were offered. I could then use it as an emergency pet corral for cats as well as dogs. A strap-on carrying handle would also be nice
Bell & Howell Ionic Whisper Air Purifier Seems Good. Nice compact size-can be moved easily. Does freshen the air in the room noticeably. On whisper setting is almost silent. On Turbo setting can be heard but in no way impinges on life, maybe would sleeping. Does shoot out air but does not "blow" with any force. Over time, like a day, all the air in our 20'x20' living area changes. Did have a noticeable plastic like new odor  the first few days of use which wore off. Haven't had any build up on the collection grid in these 2 weeks, but it would be easy to clean.
Great products. I love this, my bananas last at least 2 weeks.  This replicates the way bananas grow in the wild.  Try it, you wont be dissapointed.
Great Slow Cooker & Crock Pot. Just wanted to say I finished making a delicious beef stew with my new slow cooker. It is wonderful. Came in excellent condition all the temperature settings definitely are very different. Our stew was cooked on high for 4 hours and now its on keep warm. I absolutely love the new appliance. Its wonderful to be able to throw a meal together in the morning/afternoon and evening time its done. I don't have to stand over it and watch it. I am making a chili for my dog tomorrow. I love it! I recommend it to everyone
great for heavy use. I am a sous chef and I use this knife to break down everything from shell steak to veal chops, and I love it.  I also like the flexibility of the blade.  It holds an edge very well, with minimum touch ups.  Overall I am very happy with the Wusthof line.Edit 4/6/05:  Still using it, still like new, almost 3 years of almost daily use later.  Can't beat Wusthof
Very big, but works great. OK, if you want to cook for a family of 4, this is for you.  I didn't realize how BIG it was when I bought it, it barely fits on our standard size stove.  But, I like the lid, and it works great, keeps all the liquid in the wok, so don't add too much, and cooks very evenly.  It really is too big for just two, and we store ours in the basement, it is so big, but if cooking for 3 or 4 it is perfect.  One note: there are two handles, but not one long handle as most woks have, so can't really "flip" the food, must use spatula or the like, FYI
It works for me. I got this mortar & pestle to grind pills for my cat.  It works wonderfully for that purpose.  It crushes the pills in a couple of twists to a fine powder I can mix with their food.  The capacity is small, but with the VERY reasonable price it is perfect for what I want to do
Our cats love that extra bit of heat. Our cats love this mat and it's cheaper (and probably safer) than the plug-in kind. I added a photograph to this product page, showing three of our Maine Coons (about 40 pounds of feline pulchritude) heaped together on their thermal mat. They (the mats, not the cats) are a cinch to wash, too.If you object to cat hair on your furniture, cover your cushions with these mats.  Your cats will appreciate that extra bit of reflected body heat, and you won't have so much vacuuming to do.
Great knife sharpener!. You must read the instructions and follow them to get the knackof making "new" knife blades out of old. It took a bit to get myextremely dull knives sharpened, but now they are fantastic!I sharpened tiny paring knives up to my chinese cleaver and waspleased with the super sharp results.Make sure you allow the blades to align with the magnetic edge,do the passes according to instructions and you won't be sorry.Sorry Amazon doesn't have a better price, I actually found cheaper by $40.00 in Manhattan, still the price is good compared to some of the models I priced out at that big box store on 6th Avenue.  My husband can't believe this sharpener delivers the goods without the addition of oil and water during sharpening
Great accent piece with many kitchen uses. I had been searching for the ideal vessel to hold kosher salt on my kitchen counter, and this petite casserole is sturdy enough to do the trick.  I was disappointed that this item isn't made in France like other Le Creuset products -- it's from southeast Asia -- but it still captures the essential Le Creuset style and adds some welcome color against my dark granite countertops
Great for large loads!. I just received this item yesterday, and what a great purchase. I bought it for my boyfriend who is 6'5" 250 LBs. A previous hamper that I had purchased for him only fit 2 pairs of jeans and a few shirts. Being a large guy, he needs a big hamper for his XXL size clothing. This hamper is perfect. Just as a warning though, it is quite large and does take up a lot of space, but its perfect for holding a lot of laundry. The canvas bags are very sturdy and the velcro looks like it will last a long time. The frame rolled very easily across my carpeted floors. My only concern was it might leave black  marks on a hard wood floor, but I haven't been able to test this theory. Its a great purchase, well worth the price, which made me cringe at first ($35 for a laundry basket!). But I hope to keep it for years
Great steamer. The steamer is great for our Calphalon stainless steel pots.  Love it
Daily user - fruit smoothies for breakfast. Over the past 3 years, we have owned a 'commercial quality' KitchenAid with a stainless steel pitcher and a high end Oster unit.Neither blended milk, frozen fruit, soy powder, and cottage cheese properly.  The Kitchen Aid always left a blob of non-blended material plus chunks of fruit in the bottom.We purchased the Waring Mega-Mix 5 months ago after reading the reviews on Amazon.com.  We use it at least once daily.Pluses:1. Blends frozen or fresh fruit amazingly quickly and completely.2. Mixes powders, fluids, and solids completely and efficiently.3. Incredibly powerful motor4. Polycarbonade pitcher is light weight and seems very strong.5. High quality construction and commercial look to it.Minuses:1. Initially offered us a 'burnt' odor for the first 3 weeks of use (Amazon reviews warned of this)2. Very noisy!  I have adopted a one hand over one ear and the opposite shoulder plastered against the other ear stance while keeping the other hand on the lid.3. Does not crush ice for drinks as well as other reviewers indicated.Overview: Not perfect, but far better than anything else that we have used
Time to Change the HEPA Filter on Your Air Cleaner?. Before ordering a replacement HEPA filter for your Honeywell (or other brand) Air Cleaner, be sure to check the model number on the unit. This filter is for the smaller round unit (Model 10500) and for the smaller of the two upright units with handles (Model 17000). I replace my HEPA filter every year because I am very allergic to cigarette smoke, pollens, dust, molds, and other allergens and irritants. Also, this HEPA filter has pre-filters that wrap around it, so you may want to order a box of those, too. The pre-filters should be changed every 3 months, but I check them more often and vacuum off any accumulated pet hair
Great for laundry sorting. We purchased these to sort our laundry.  They work great, saves time.  The only thing that was off, was the shipping, each one came in a separate box instead of putting all 5 in one and saving packaging and shipping costs........
An excellent cooking vessel. This has hands down become the most versatile piece of equipment in my kitchen.  I really needed a smaller covered vessel that could go from stove top to oven.  My dutch oven is great, but it's simply too big for many tasks.  I use this for anything and everything, and I couldn't be happier.
Great Item. I bought this breadbox and it is better than I thought. IT holds to bog loaves of bread and some small bread ontop of that if need be. It looks great in my kitchen. I found it a great buy
Coppertail Knife, Rachael Ray. Awesome knife, we love it, both the real chef and the amateur.Great size for the little lady, and fine for the more big boned sorta cooks in the house.bf
Best non-stick I've ever had. We've had this for almost two years- and it gets used on average 2-3 times per week.  Its still in fantastic shape. No scratches/flaking of surface, in spite of occasional abuse from visiting "chefs" using metal utensils and too-high heat.Primarily cook eggs, sometimes for sauteeing fish.  Non-stick is excellent.Definitely worth the money- I'd had inexpensive non-sticks before, and they never lasted for long, no matter how careful we were
Very beautiful!. They are very beautiful cruets packaged very well!  The tops are made of glass as well.  The shape is gorgeous... look like a decorative piece
Pizzelle iron. I have always used the metal irons and was concerned about the nonstick. I was afraid the structure would create thicker pizzelles which are more cookie like versus light and wafer. The first ones came out and were sticking to the surface. I was disheartened thinking I am having the same problem as with the metal. I switched to nonstick to avoid this. Oh well, try again....and from that moment on was smooth sailing. I like the light indicator on this model, the easy clean up, storage design.....just everything.
The search may be over... I have to say since I have been using this pillow (2 weeks) I have never once got up with a stiff or sore neck.  If someone says they are feeling like they are on a waterbed...I would imagine they dont have enough water in the pillow (or air out of the pillow).  My one disappointment is that even with the "quilted cover" the pillow part is not very comfortable -- not plush.  When you put your head on the pillow you can tell it is made of a cheap fabric and kind of scratchy thru the pillow case you put over the pillow cover.  I realize you can't ask alot for 30 dollars -- however -- perhaps they can make a more expensive/plush pillow with the same water based concept.Still for 43 bux total -- I have to say the search for a new pillow is over (for now)
soft and silky. These pillow cases are so soft to sleep on.  They're large enough to fit a king size pillow, so they're a little large for my standard size.  Worth the money
Great Product. I was searching for a juicer for a long time and was contemplating the Jack LaLanne Juicer which my brother had. I came across this and was a little skeptical, but after making the purchase I am totally satisfied.I like the stainless steel construction, it is very well made, solid and sturdy. It comes apart very easy, and most of the time you just need to scrape out the left over and rinse with hot water to clean it.I can't believe i have gone so long without juicing, i've never been much of a fruit eater other than apples and bananas, but since buying this product I have made apple and carrot drinks, watermelon and cantaloupe, its great. I actually feel the difference inside within a short time.I read one review that this juicer leaves juice left over in the pulp, but i did not find that to be true. I think it all depends if your trying to force the fruit through to quickly. It you don't press to hard on the chute feeder and let the machine do the work the pulp is quite dry.I got one Litre of cantaloupe juice from one cantaloupe. I went out and purchased some 1 liter bottles and i just fill them up so i can mix and match to my aquired taste. I got 3/4 of a liter from about an 1/6 of a full water melon.Anyway i am thinking of purchasing one for my friend and his wife as a christmas gift.Great Stuff.
Very good unit. I hate heat. This little fan appears well made and delivers a nice breeze. It's fairly quiet. I'd like a little more breeze, but this will do. I don't know about battery life yet, but I use rechargeables so it's really not an issue. The neck strap is wide and comfortable. I was surprised at how just a slight breeze can make heat more tolerable
Gorgeous, Unique & Useful!. Gorgeous, Unique & Useful! I bought this as a gift and it is the recepient's favorite. Great gift...do not hesitate..Buy Now!
Grapefruit spoons. I have experience using a variety of grapefruit spoons.These are sharp, angled approppriately, are attractive, and appear to be quality stainless steel. I recommend these spoons
Great cutting board!. My mom bought me one for a gift & it's the only cutting board I will ever have. I've had them for around 20 years!  It has fit every sink & has been a great product. These usually last me a couple years (then I purchase a new one) and then they will start to warp or crack but figure you only pay $13, it's well worth it. I've bought more expensive ones but they aren't adjustable & they're really heavy! Not something you want to deal with every day. I highly recommend this product
a supeb all round knife. I've had this knife for seven years now and it is still my favorite kitchen knife.Superbly sharp,lightweight in the hand and well balanced, this knife is small enough to be easily manipulated, but large enough to tackle all routine kitchen duties.  Like all Global knives the GS 3 is SHARP !!!.  Try chopping up vegetables, or slicing tomatoes or potatoes.  The knife just glides through as if the veges were cooked.This superb Japanese knife is streets ahead of European knives.To maintain the blade, I recommend using a ceramic steel, made by Global (or Kyocera, which is cheaper).   Every few months the blade will need resharpening.  You can do this this yourself, using Japanese waterstones, or take it to a competent expert
Come on... it is fine. I have had one of these pots for years using a gas stove top. No experience with flat surface though.  No problems with cooking any large amounts of sauces or spaghetti.For the price some of the other "issues" mentioned should be acceptable.  It still looks like new after years of abuse by my family
Fiesta Fruit bowl. Item was satisfactory but thought it was bigger.  Probably my mistak
Love It. I don't know why but both my wife and "live in" Aunt say that I now make the best pancakes they have ever tasted. My Aunt is 84 years old.I would buy it agai
Good quality. Aside from the lid hinge on the accessory case this is a very high quality product and I would recommend it highly.
Beautiful and Functional. This looks wonderful hanging from the pot rack. After several washings, it has retained its bright silver appearance. It strains fairly fine particles, is easy to clean and seems durable. Unlike the plastic ones, it's not going to melt or break, and it has a nice enough look that you can set it on the table with your drained noodles if you like. Highly recommend
Very Functional and Timelessly Stylish!. I have nothing but good things to say about these lovely souffle dishes...or, as I call them, large ramekins.  They're sized generously, which makes them perfect for individual souffles and desserts; and like all Emile Henry products, they endure high heat exceptionally well.  They also can be used for serving purposes, i.e., butter, sour cream, and other condiments.  Besides the fact that they hold up to high heat and frost very well, their vivid red color makes this pottery a must-have for anyone who appreciates beauty in kitchenware
This is a super starter set from Zwilling J.A. Henckels!. I have owned the 18-Piece Henckels Gourmet Knife Set for about 1 year now.  I purchased these with some wedding gift certificates that we got when I got married last year.  This was an upgrade from a decent Faberware set that I had been using for the 4 years prior.  Anyway, this set comes with 18 pieces:8-inch chef's knife8-inch carving knife8-inch bread knife6-inch chef's knife6-inch boning/utility knife5-inch serrated utility knife3-inch paring knifeeight (8) 4 1/4-inch steak knives9-inch sharpening steel8-inch kitchen shearshardwood storage blockLet me clear up the confusion for the people that don't know...there are actually two Henckels brands.  "Henckels International" is the more economical brand, not to be confused with the "Zwilling JA Henckels" brand which is the premium brand.  Same manufacturer, different grades of metal, location of construction and quality.  You can tell the difference by the look of the logo...the cheaper "International" brand has the one tribal man on the logo, whereas the "Zwilling" brand has twin tribal men on the logo.The "Gourmet" line is the least expensive of the higher premium sets from the Zwilling JA Henckels brand.  It is not forged steel.  The blade is stamped.  However, the quality is much better than the Henckels International brand of stamped knives.  The blade stays sharp for longer periods of use.  However, it is probably comparable to the top of the line Henckels International Classic FORGED set.  That being said, the price point is about the same for the same number of knives, so it makes sense.  The highest end Henckels forged set is the "Professional S" or "Pro S" which costs $200 more than the "Gourmet" for an 18-piece set.  Keep in mind that the 8 steak knives from the Pro S line are the same ones that come with the Gourmet line, so you know they are a great quality set.As a relatively affordable premium set of knives, I have used these knives almost every day since their arrival.  I've had to sharpen on occassion, but that's normal.  All non-serated knives, you will need to sharpen and hone fairly frequently. (Or at least more frequently than a lot more expensive forged sets.) I do it once every few months with the knives that I use frequently and about once a year for the ones that only get used on occasion. But I also do a lot of cutting with them, so the frequency will depend on how often you use them for cutting tough foods. I cook a lot of meats, including cutting up my own chicken, so that dulls the knives rather quickly. If all you cut are veggies, then your knives won't dull as quickly.  That being said, my knives still look and feel as if they are brand new.  They are great!!!They are dishwasher safe, but I don't recommend it because the dishwasher will dull all knives. However, occasionally I toss them in the dishwasher if I have a million things to wash after a dinner party and haven't had any problems.P.S. I wanted a Santoku knife to add to this collection because I cut a lot of fish for sashimi and sushi.  After a lot of examination, I decided to NOT get the Gourmet santoku because it did not have a hollow edge and I wanted a forged knife.  I ended up splurging and purchased a Wusthof Classic Hollow Edge Santoku to complete this set.  Yes, I know I'm supposed to buy the same Henckels brand for loyalty reasons, but as far as Santoku knives were concerned, I liked the feel and style of the Wustof better.  It was a debate between the Henckels Pro S Hollow Edge or the Wusthof Classic Hollow Edge because they were in the same price range and the Wusthof knife won by a hair
Best 2 quart pot in the world. I got this to use with the Glorious ONE POT MEALS cookbook.  It has wonderful recipies, and the pot works wonderful.  Cleans up really easy.  Try it, you'll love it.Sharon From Colorad
Excellent Value. These bowls are deep, great for chili and soups.  They are sturdy and seem to hold up to everyday wear in a busy household.  My only reservation is that they don't stack very compactly, but I love them anyway
Great Light Good Price, But... Face it trying to put a light into a bed is always going to be a problem. I have stepped on this light, slept on this light, fell asleep with the light on and this light works almost flawlessly. It gives a nice even light that you could position easily as needed. There is very little overspill. The LED is a little "blue" but it is not distracting in anyway. Well, after 6 months of nightly use and abuse it has finally started to flicker when I move the goose neck sometimes. Also, the feel on the switch was never very satisfying. After looking at all of the available lights now I am going to buy the same one as a replacement.I had a Itty Bitty for years but when it finally died I decided that a LED was the way to go. Long battery life and even light were my main concerns. I am still waiting for the perfect light but until then this is my favorite
Excellent towels. I love these towels! For $19.99, they're a steal! The towels washed well and they are very absorbent and not too heavy. The ecru color I purchased is pretty--they should match well with other color towels you may have
Cinnabar Fistaware Platter. great product in great condition just wish it qualified for the lower shipping cost - that keeps me from ordering mor
It's a holly, jolly Christmas!. I just un-packed this sweet gingerbread house and it's begining to look a lot like Christmas! Quick way to brighten things up and will be passed down through the generations. The detail is charming and it has no calories! I look forward to getting it out every year to kick off the holidays.The foot print is small enough for that spot in your kitchen.
Why do people expect silence?. If you want a silent, useless air cleaner, go buy an overpriced oreck or sharper image unit.  It will reduce things like smoke and tiny, tiny particles, but forget it getting rid of dust. I know, I had one.  If you want a unit that actually "Filters" the air, buy this.  Sure on Medium or High this unit will add background noise, but on low, it is hardly noticable if it's not right next to you.  We noticed an immediate "crisp feel" to the air and huge reduction in dust in the air.  My cough of 3 weeks is gone overnight.  Coincidence.. I think not.Don't read into the reviews that bash the noise..  Noise means it's working
This Is The Real Deal. I am on a very restrictive diet. Since I require extremely lean meats I must know the quality of the meats in ground products. I needed a quality meat grinder to prepare my own ground meats. This machine does a fabulous job. So far I have used it on beef, pork, chicken, and turkey. All have been speedily ground to perfection using one or more of the 3 interchangeable coarseness plates. The machine has never clogged and the powerful motor makes quick work of the task. It is stable when in use and the suction cup feet keep it in place. The only negatives as far as I am concerned are the noisiness of the operation and the lengthly but necessary task of cleaning the machine when the job is done - both of which I expected anyway. Fortunately, the machine is easy to disassemble and reassemble. Since I buy large quantities of the meats that I wish to process when they are on sale though, I can freeze enough to last a good long time and the cleanings are infrequent. I've used other grinders with less powerful motors and been disappointed in the results. If you are serious about grinding your own, this is the one to get
perfect for 1 or 2 cups of tea, etc. The size of this electric kettle is just right for leaving out on the counter - doesn't get in the way of anything and it's always at hand for a quick cup of tea. Saves electricity, too, by not having to turn on a burner on the stove just to boil water. And it's much more efficient than having our bottled water dispenser's heater turned on all the time just for tea (not to mention safer, since one of our cats can manipulate the levers).The first time we bought this size kettle we had problems with the on/off switch staying on without being held on, but this one is just fine. We also have the same model but for 12 cups and have had no problems with it.On the whole, i think this is a perfect appliance for the person who likes the convenience of making just one or two cups of a hot beverage at a time.
Amazing deal. Considering the price, I was a bit worried.  The fabric is very nice and the color just right.  Comes very wrinkled but I touched it up with an iron and Fabreeze (which makes wrinkles disappear).  I have been using it for 3 weeks now and has stayed beautiful and wrinkle free.  Amazing bargain
Very nice!. I didn't give this snowman a 5 star rating for one reason only:  I received the teddy bear and it is soooo much more nicer than this is.  I mean, it is 6 inches taller than this product and much more "wow" factor.  This item is small yet is able to have some "wow" factor of its own.  Had I received this first, I probably would have been quite impressed but it comes in second due to its size.  I still would recommend though, especially for $14.99 and free shipping.
It fits my need. I was deciding whether to get this 2 cups coffeemaker or the french press, since only 2 people in the household drink coffee. After reviewing the two kinds, I bought this unit. It does its job well. Other than it takes up counter space, it is very easy to operate. My only complaint was there was a tiny chip on the unit when I received it-however it does not affect the operation at all.
Black & Decker G48TD Grill and Waffle Baker. Great item,although A little pricy.Waffles stick occasionally. But over all a great product
all this and more for under 20 dollars. This is a wonderful throw to have around the house on those chilly evenings when a blanket may be just too much. I especially recommend using/owing one of these when you don't feel like handing your money over to the utility company by turning your thermostat up. Not only is the soft brushed suede/like material simply marvy, it's also clothes washer safe. If your a pet owner like myself, and your animal sheds like there's no tommrow, be sure not to leave this lying around, or you may just find your "best friend" claiming it as their own
don't buy it here. Don't buy it here, I just went and bought this at Linen's and Things for $8.00. Amazon is selling it for nearly $30.00.
Great cooking gloves. For the camper, chuckwagon enthusiast, or dutch oven cook, these gloves are great for working the fire and moving hot cast iron pans. They are leather, lined against burning, and have the distinctive "Lodge" logo on them
Best Coffee Maker I've owned. I wanted to write this review after seeing the previous complaint that the on/off switch on this coffee maker sticks.I purchased one of these new from Williams and Sonoma months ago and have made hundreds of batches of coffee with it and have had absolutely no problems with any of the controls sticking or any other troubles.This coffee maker produces superb coffee because it has a 1350 watt heat pump similar to what is in a commercial machine.  The water is extremely hot and this produces excellent coffee.I have no complaints, a few people have commented it should have a pause and serve feature, but I can see why they didn't include it on such a high end unit as it would have affected the brew time, etc, and they are trying to produce the best pot of coffee possible.All in all, I highly recommend this unit
Excellent Value. I've been using my Zojirushi carafe for about a month now, and I believe it's awesome. Like the other reviews here note, it keeps your beverage hot for hours. For the money, it's a great deal.I'm using my Zojirushi 1-liter along with the Manual Drip Coffee Filter Cone  by RSVP (can be found here on Amazon). If you've never tried manual drip, I recommend you give it a shot
oneida expanding colander. This is best colandar for draining pasta, etc. I have ever used. I highly recommend it.
Great product. I got the breadbox in a timely manner, it's simple, sturdy, and can hold two large loaves if need be. I'm happy with it. It looks nice and keeps the cat from sneaking onto the counter and stealing the bread.
Watch your fingers. It's very easy to wipe off your blood from the chrome if you cut your thumb as I did while assembling this lovely shelf.  Some individual edges are very sharp, and I didn't realize I'd suffered a one inch slice until I checked to find the source of staining.  The packaging was surprisingly compact and the finished product even better than I'd expected.  Read the diagram very carefully, as the unit is initially assembled from the top down and then from the bottom up.  Regardless, I am very pleased with this wall shelf which I did not attach to a wall, but am enjoying as a freestanding unit.  Well worth the price of admission and only an hour or so from delivery to use
fun for kids, sophisticated enough for adults too. I bought this shower curtain and bath rug from The Company Store several months ago, and I really love it for our bathroom.  We share a bath with our toddler boy, who loves the circle shapes and colors, and my husband and I love that it's fun without being covered with cartoon characters.  Although the colors will probably be darker in person than in the picture (both here and on The Company Store website), there are lots of colors to match just about any color of paint you'd have in your bath.  It is machine washable (as is the rug) - it gets softer with each wash.  Also, check out The Company Store website clearance sale for a great deal on the Kendall shower curtain (also lots of great colors, for kids or adults, in a square pattern.)  You'll love either bath set
Cute and Functional Hamper. I love this hamper.  It is large, but I bought it to hold all of my son's toys so that is what I wanted.  My son at 9 months quickly figured out that all his toys were in the lion and it is easiest enough to collapse that he could push down the side and pull all of his toys out himself.  We get a kick out of watching him pull every toy out looking for just the right one.  I plan on ordering another one for outside toys once the weather warms up just a bit
The best  meat pan for your money!. This pan was highly recommended by America's Test Kitchen, and they were not kidding! The wide bottom holds a lot of meat and browns it nicely, with hardly any sticking. Retains heat better than my nonstick pan. Larger cuts such as whole pork tenderloins and thick-cut pork chops can go straight from stove-top searing to oven-roasting. Not too heavy, and very smooth at the bottom - great for glass-top stoves! Cleans up nicely, too. This will be your no. 1 pan for browning meat
Love it!. My husband loves it when we go to hotels and get to have belgian waffles.  I saw this product in an email I recieved from another company and thought I had to get it for my husband for christmas.  I looked around on the net and found it for the best price on amazon (half the price of the other company I received the email from).  We have used the waffle iron 3 times now and just love it.  I do think it helps to have a really good waffle recipe.  We haven't tied it with a store mix yet
Cute tea pot. Perfect little tea pot.  Just for two !  If you want to do tea correctly (so I have been told) you should let it steep in a tea pot like this for a few minutes & then enjoy.  They were right !!
Ultra Max Brita Water Pitcher. I have owned a Brita water pitcher for over 20 years. When my old pitcher ended up getting broken, I searched far and wide for a replacement and was elated to find the Ultra Max Brita Water Pitcher through Amazon.com. I am very satisfied with my new pitcher and its new improved design. I hope to enjoy this one as long and hopefully longer then my last one
Makes GREAT Coffee. We bought this over a month ago and we absolutely love the coffee it makes. Seeing the other reviews about problems with dripping and cleaning -- we really haven't experienced those problems. Yes, the coffee holder needs to be put in "just so", but the benefits of the great coffee far outweigh any minor quirks it has. I highly recommend it and think most people will be pleased
Nice, but. . . This drawer insert is very nice, and held together much better than the utensil drawer divider. The only gripe I have with this unit is that you have to use small spice bottles, like McCormick size, or ones you fill yourself, so none of my larger sized bottles will fit on the slanted surfaces because it'll hit the cabinet. . .so I have to make an additional purchase of spice bottles.  Besides that, I am happy with product
simple to use. This toaster has simple, finite controllable dials which produce perfect toasting.  The cleanup is simple, the look is sleek, and the results are wonderful
Very nice knives. Light, and quick. Find out if you like heft or speed. I love to cook, I'm decent in chinese and french foods and I love all meats. It's no cleaver, but they're very sharp knives and i've hit plenty of bone, tendons etc...and they're still sharp even after months on a hardwood butcher block.I've put them through the dishwasher...or should I say the wife has. I ALWAYS hand wash and hand dry these quickly....but admittedly they have sat int he dishwasher against other items and they haven't rusted like some other big names have. it's odd that the other big named knives don't rust usually but if it sits against another metal item then they'll have some rust that you have to rub off with a non-scouring pad.I think it was a great deal for $200. I have some henckels and some REAL sabatiers...and while those are nice too. I like the light and almost ephemeral feeling that Global has. the prices on the Global make it more appealing than the other big name ones..i swear these knives were meant for asian hands that were smaller. my wife would use them if she wasn't so scared of them. i showed her how thin i could cut the beef and it freaked her out how easy it cut meat..
Great. The roaster was delivered earlier than expected, arrived in excellent condition and is very nice.  Easy to clean
Elegance 600 TC Sheets - Qn - Scarlet. Sheets are great - not quite as soft initially as I thought they would be. Maybe that will change with a few more washings. Excellent color and quality of fabric! I would gladly purchase again
Butter Dish. What can I say? It lives up to its hype: it covers 1 stick of butter and fits into my decor.
More Than a Pizza Stone. This is more than a Pizza Stone, it is a total Baking Stone. Not only does it do the job on fresh homemade pizza, but also frozen pizza, cookies, fish sticks, fries, bisquits and almost anything else that is baked in the oven.The secret is the clay stone, clay will distribute the heat evenly and effectively resulting in a uniform browned crust. The sloped edge on the stone helps keep the items somewhat on the stone. It even includes a metal serving rack which can be put into the oven with the stone and lifted out together, or left on the counter top while the stone is in the oven, then used to hold the hot stone upon removal.Clean up is a breeze, just hand wash with hot water. DO NOT USE SOAP!! The stone will actually become 'seasoned' with use, and the small clay pores will retain some of the oil from previous use. However, if soap is used, the soap will be retained in the small pores, leaving a very bad soap taste for the next use.Great product, great price, great and multi uses. A definite must in any baking kitchen, even if it is just baking the frozen pizza..!
Great for puppy or small dog. I bought this crate for my Shih Tzu puppy and it was the perfect purchase for her. She's in and out of it all day. Love the flexibility of the different openings - I usually use the "roof" access, and sometimes leave the end panel open so that she can come and go as she likes.The only downside is that it doesn't have a way to hang a water bottle. My puppy likes to tip over her waterbowl so I needed a way to hang a drip bottle. I found one normally used in gerbil cages that attaches with a screw and bracket - and cut a tiny hole in the canvas to push the screw through and hang the bottle. It works great but I wish the manufacturers would change the design to include this feature.
I love Vornado products... I use these presorb filters on my Vornado AQS35 filter system and they are fabulous.  I change them every few months and change the HEPA filter less often.  I have two filter systems, one in the "bird" room where I keep my Cockatiels (and my computer), and the other upstairs near our bedrooms.  The bird room is clean as can be bedause little of the Cockatiel dander hits the floor, so I have little to do at the end of the day when I clean cages except sweep up spilled pellets and seeds.  I have never been bothered by Cockatiel or any other bird dander since I got the Vornado filter systems.  I have allergies and a less effective filtration system in my office, so I notice air quality right away.  Don't give up your bird, get an air filtration system from Vornado.Oh yes, they are quiet.  The system makes a comforting sound, something like the distant roar of the ocean when you are at the beach, so your sleep will not be disturbed if you have one in your bedroom. In fact, I often think of it as "white" noise for street noises.
This is my first slow cooker, and it's great. I bought this slow cooker 6 months ago, mostly based on its attractive looks.  I read the reviews about the fragile handles and have treated it carefully.  It's been on the stove and in the dishwasher many times with no signs of wear.I have a small family and find the narrow base handy when I want to make smaller quantities - I haven't burned anything yet, using as little as 6 chicken thighs.  Or I can make a huge batch of chili.  I really appreciate not needing a separate pan to brown onions, etc.  (Though you can't fit large chunks of meat in it for browning).  The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars was the yucky burning-rubber smell that came out the first dozen uses.  Luckily, it did not affect the food.
yesteryears designs for today. The Hamilton Beach eclectric coffeemaker features all the conveniences of amodern appliance with the retro look of the 50's. It makes excellent coffeeand is programmable. The so-called anti-scorch keep-hot plate stays on for only two hours and is not programmable and has no setting (low-med-high)like other coffeemakers. So the coffee does not remain favorful near the two hour cut-off.The carafe cannot be put in the dishwasher and coffee stains on the lid and mouth of the carafe are hard to remove
Betta Kit Heat Source. You use the optional light kit (7W) to maintain heat for your Betta.We live in chilly Canada and have no problems with this tank. The colors match my daughters room.The fish (Sam) is very happy and content (lots of bubbles) in this size.My wife cleans it regularily with no complaints.You can always get a bigger tank with a filter but isn't necessary.We highly recommend this tank!
Champ Grill. Great for grilling steaks, chicken, or sandwiches for one or two persons.  You have to be careful not to burn the meat because the unit does not have a timer to tell you the meat is done. It is fast and easy to use, especially to clean.  I've had mine for four years and use it every time I want to cook shrimp, steaks and chicken breasts quickly.  I also grill vegetables, such as carrot sticks, onions, green onions, asparagus, squash, etc.
Bialetti Moka Easy. I have been extremely happy with my espresso maker and would like to find more to give as gifts. This electric model is so easy and fast to use
Thermal cat Cushion. I love the print and not to mention having my bed back from my kitty's.  The only thing I would note is the crinkling noise from the cushion, but My cat's LOVE IT! soo that a plus for me.
Zojirushi Thermal Pot. I am very pleased with my thermal pot and would recommend it to anyone looking for a good quality pot. I especially like the built in lazy susan. When I ordered the pot, I was not aware of this. The swivel bottom is a plus.R. L. Schenc
A fine little microwave. The microwave is exactly as described.  It shipped quickly & was packaged well
Well Pleased. This sharpener is exactly what I hoped for.  I have used it enough to overcome the learning curve and am very well pleased
Soft and comfy. I needed something to cover a comforter I had purchased on Amazon a few months back (the quality wasn't the best and the cat started eating the cotton from one of the holes already present, lol)  But yeah, this duvet totally did the trick, and a king for $14.99 (on sale) what more could you ask for? Much easier to wash than a comforter, and completely universal. If they bring it back, I'd jump on it, especially if it's on sale
Ok, so they cut. I use Wusthof cutlery but I couldn't bring myself to pay $250 for a few steak knives.  I like what I've been reading about Global knives and I had some Global sharpening stones which were well made.  So when I saw these knives at a more reasonable though still not cheap price I decided to give them a try. They're well balanced and have a substantial feel to them.  There is a small serrated edge which I was surprised to see since I was sure I read it was a smooth blade which cut instead of ripped and sawed a cut of meat.  But happily they are very sharp and they do cut precisely with little resistance. I would buy them again but can only say that they cut well.  But that's what a knife is supposed to do
EXCELLENT VALUE. This mill performs as promised and is beautiful to boot.  I would expect to pay much more for such a product.  The grind is even and consistent.  The appearance is sleek and modern, yet classic.  I would highly recommend this mill and will consider buying another in the future as a gift.
Small but tasty. This ice cream maker takes AA batteries and your refrigerator's freezer to work. It takes 4-5 hours for it to complete the ice cream.  The results? Two scoops of creamy tasty ice cream.  If you are willing to wait so long for so little reward, this ice cream maker is well worth it
Looks great. I've used this several times in the past.  It always looks and smells like I've just had my rugs shampooed.  Great item, but them so is the dyson vac
35 years and they're finally showing wear. I've been using these knives at home since I was a child.  My parents received their set as a wedding gift 35 years ago.  For the most part the knives are just now starting to show signs of wear (mostly from poor care).  With a professional sharpening every few years and hand washing these knives will last a lifetime
Dyson DC-14 Low reach. The vacuum works great but after a few uses one of the tools broke. I called Dyson and they said they would send a new piece right away. That was over two weeks ago, I called again and they had no record of the phone call, order, serial number nor the problem.This is disappointing
Broil King Ultra Large Electric Griddle. I recently purchased this griddle for my brother.  I've had one for several years and really like it.  It's great for a large breakfast crowd as you can cook a entire package of bacon at once, then do pancakes and eggs.  It's drip tray is quite large, but must be changed during the cooking process if doing a large amount of bacon.  It's also easy to clean.
Great size, great value. I so enjoy this pot. It heats evenly and retains heat. I can make a pot of something after school and then turn the stove/oven off and the food is still fairly warm when the kids want dinner. With the two quart size, I can experiment effortlessly with healthier (no salt) dishes for myself while the family enjoys something else. It's a pretty pan that lives on our stove, a gentle reminder to drag out a cookbook and try something new. It's cooking literally outside the box. :-
Cuddly soft. I love having blankets to cuddle up with on the couch. This comfort throw is a great deal. I paid $12 and could easily find it priced around $30-40 if I bought it in a department store. My only critique would be to add a few more inches to the length, but otherwise a wonderful product
Louise Buckner. I bought the automatic Littermaid scooper that uses these filters. Unfortunately the filters need to be changed almost daily to keep odors down. This can be very expensive however I have bought liners for it on Ebay and now change the liners. The filters also come with a charcoal stick on to fit the lid but it always falls off after the first or second time the litterbox rakes. I have to tape the charcoal pad to the receptacle lid. Manual scooping? versus electric scooping? is still an unanswered question for me. Both are a lot of dirty work.    Louise Buckne
Sweet. The last time I used a "stick blender" was back in the 80s when the Braun version first hit the consumer market and the infomercials started pitching that "Venturri Ring" garbage on TV. I almost never used my Braun as it was essentially worthless for most tasks, but I've seen so many people recommend similar looking gadgets recently I couldn't resist nabbing this one when it was on sale for $29.Suffice to say, this thing has a lot more power than the models of 20 years ago, and it's built like a tank to boot. I haven't had a reason to turn it up past 5 on the speed dial so far, as even that is just way too much power for most tasks.My one gripe is that there's no way to lock the power button down while in use. I understand that this is probably for safety reasons, but it takes quite a bit of force to trip the switch, and my wrist starts getting tired pretty quickly. I can't imagine what anyone with tendonitis or arthritis would go through trying to use this thing. I also have no clue why they bothered throwing in the cheap little plastic cup thing. Anyone who's in the market for an immersion blender probably already has some kind of vessel to do their blending in, but there it is.
QUITE A CUISINART. With the exception of cleaning this appliance, it's a fantastic product!  What appliance don't you have to clean!  The coffee is absolutely delicious!  I would definitely recommend this product.  It's great to have a grind and brew combo!!!!
This is a GOOD hotplate investment!. Hello shoppers,This unit is small and compact with little wasted space making it ideal for my purposes.  I have high hopes that the two I ordered for rental units of mine will last considerably longer than the white lower quality units I have purchased from local stores in the past, but they are pretty new so I don't know first hand their durability.  I particularly like that the metal under the burners is all one unbroken piece with the unit making cleaning simple and efficient.  The whole thing stays looking shiny and new week after week which is a great benefit for my reputation with guests.  And the value for price is certainly fair.Sincerely,Lynn Cameron[...
Very Nice Chair!!!!!. This chair is so nice, and looks more expensive then it really is.  Very easy to put togther (this chick did it all by herself in about 20 minutes)  Very roomy and comfortable, I also got the matching ottoman, looks great
Very satisfied. This replacement HEPA filter for the Honeywell 20500 Enviracaire air purifier was easy to install and was much more economical than found at other sites.  Was well packaged, received within a week of my order
Love my Floor Mate SpinScrub. I've used my Floor Mate over two years on my hard wood floors and I've only used a light mix of Shaklee Basic H and water.  Yes it can leave some water streaks if you go too fast, so move slowly and your floors are sparkling clean and dry
Quality. I am pleased with the craftmanship and quality of my Cuisinart Pizzelle Press. Easy to use and easy to clean
my favorite kitchen appliance. I have this grill and use it 3-5 times a week to grill chicken or sandwiches.  Works great, just warm it up for 5 minutes, pop on a sandwich or chicken, a few minutes later dinner's ready.  Then, after it cools, you can pop out the grids for easy cleaning.
My Cats Love This Food!. Because my two cats are indoor cats, we decided to begin feeding them Purina Cat Chow Indoor Formula once they were weaned off kitten chow.They eat this *right up* and love it! They aren't overweight, and I have confidence in knowing that they're getting their greens with this product. Once in a great while, I'll offer them canned food that's mixed in it, but that's only as an extra treat--not because they won't eat the Indoor Formula.Highly recommended for cats kept exclusively indoors
Ultimate use. Let's face it, you make an effort to have your home clean and coordinated.  Nice furniture and practical book shelves.  But you do not live alone; there is probably a canine or feline lurking around.  It may seem novel to buy a bowl with a picture of Garfield on it or some cutesy saying.  But in the long run this durable, multi use, dishwasher safe, bowl will look much better and your companion will not have to look embarrassed every time he/she wants a few laps of water.
Makes a great pot of coffee. I've just had this about a week, but so far am very pleased. My mother has an older model 4-cup Black & Decker coffee maker that makes great coffee and I was hoping for the same from this newer model. I've not been disappointed. The spray head has holes in a circle that sprays the water over all the coffee grounds, extracting more flavor than the ones with only one hole. One reviewer complained that it takes too long to make a pot of coffee, but I'm quite satisfied. A coffeemaker that cycles through too quickly doesn't extract the full flavor needed to make a good cup of coffee.Yes, the carafe does drip a bit when pouring, but only if I'm in a hurry and pour too fast. When I pour the water into the reservoir I tip the carafe to the side and can pour much more quickly without any drips.The plastic doesn't seem quite as sturdy as my Mother's older model, and I guess time will tell how it holds up. For now I'm very happy with it, though, especially for a coffeemaker below [..].UPDATE: I'm still enjoying this little coffeemaker almost a year later. It's held up very well from daily use. Occasionally I run a cup of white distilled vinegar through it and that clears any mineral deposits from the water that have built up and clogged the holes. I've also discovered that if I tip the lid up slightly while pouring it doesn't drip at all. All in all I've been very pleased with this product
Shun Knives are Beautiful, Elegant, and the Sharpest around. The Utility Knife is definitely one you want in your collection, but I would rank it as the top 5, not the top 3.Shun knives are beautiful creations period. Since I'm Asian, I love the tradition look and feel of this Japanese knife. I love the beauty of the blade and the dark, polished, Pakkawood handle. The unique "D"-shaped, Wood handles are preferable. The shape fits my hand perfectly, and the wood does not get slippery when wet - providing a very secure hold. The steel is of utmost quality and sharpness. Do not put this blade into any old electric knife sharpener! Electric knife sharpeners are made to put one angle on any blade. These blades come with a 16 degree angle and you don't want to be changing that angle. There are electric knife sharpeners that can sharpen these knives, but you'll have to do some research and find out which ones can be a fit with these knives. I prefer to hone with a sharpening steel and manually sharpen with a stone if necessary (and I don't see it being necessary to touch it to a stone any time soon). The blade is sharp straight off the factory and as Alton Brown says - it's the sharpest straight out of the factory edge as he's ever seen.These knives are more expensive than most, but I think it's definitely worth it. To have the sharpest, most beautiful knife around - it's no contest. If you are on a budget, build your collection slowly. It's been said that there are only 3 knives that are the absolute basics for any kitchen: A 8" Chef's Knife, a Paring Knife, and a Long Serrated blade for cutting bread and larger items. I would add a thin utility knife and a boning knife to that list next. Then I would add those "in-between" sizes as I get more money flow in. =)If you plan on spending any time in the kitchen, good kitchen knives are a definite must. Preparation is the bulk of cooking and when you have good knives, it cuts down on the danger of cutting yourself, it adds pleasure to the work, and it cuts down on prep time. Knives are also a very personal choice and it's best to at least go to a store and try it out for yourself first. Shun Knives are designed by the Japanese, so remember - it's designed for small hands. This makes it fit most women's hands perfectly, but I've heard of guys with larger hands not like it so much and going back to the German knives. So definitely try it out. It's a personal thing, it needs to fit you.Why spend so much money on a knife? Well, if you spend a lot of time in the kitchen, and you almost always have to bust out a knife to prep a meal from scratch - why not use the best? Why spend that time with items that you love and brings you pleasure to use? Many times, it's the small things that brings us the most pleasure in life, and I consider my Shun knives as one of those things. Having something so beautiful and yet so sharp and perfect - it makes my time cooking just that much more enjoyable.Another good thing to know is that although the Shun Knives are usually offered for right-handers, you can get these knives for left-handers. You just need to find the guys who stock and sell those ones as they are less known, and less common.
powerful vaccum with one touch rewind the wire, Wow!. My wife was very impressed with that one touch rewinding the wire feature.  She also likes the powerful vacuum that can be used for our wood floor, and wood shutters.I know my nose feel much better after using this vacuum in our house
Would be perfect with a few small modifications. As everyone else has indicated, programming isn't intuitive.  The opening was larger than necessary and my cats learned to stick their paws up inside the machine to steal more food within a few days.  We blocked off half of the food shute by using two very small screws and heavy duty plastic and the cats were no longer able to sneak food between feedings.  Prior to using this feeder, the cats would wake us up at the crack of dawn, crying for food.  Now, they associate feedings with the machine and leave us to sleep in peace!  Well worth the money for us!!
Floors Made Easy. We have lots of ceramic tile.  My wife used to use extra large sponge mops and became frustrated when looking for replacement heads, both locating and replacing.  I inherited this chore from her, and I tried Swiffer Wet Jets.  They went bad after about 18 months, and you buy another.  My wife complained about the smell.  They did not do grout, and the grout required on-your-knees work with chemicals and tools, and it looked bad in places.  With both of these methods, the floor was wet afterwards.With the Hoover H3060, it does it all.  It scrubs tile and grout, and picks-up the liquid from the floor too.  The tile floors look great and the grout is clean too without getting on-your-knees.
return to revere ware. My sister used revere ware for years then thought she would try something advertised as "better".That product did not work and now  she is happy I purchased her the Rever ware. We both are happy now! Amazon . com mad it easy to purchase and delivered it before promised time
Great Coffee. My wife and I drink more coffee than we probably should. This Cuisinart coffee maker brews a full pot in just a few minutes. It taste great. I really like how easy it is to take everything apart and place the parts in my dishwasher. And the coffee pot does not spill water all over the place when filling the machine like so many other brands I've experienced in the past. Although I rated this coffee maker a 5-Star, there is one little thing I don't care for that much. The machine stays on for 2-hours before the auto shut-off shuts it off. Whereas most others turn off in one hour. But that is very minor. If you like perfect tasting coffee in a hurry, this machine is for you. If the size scares you, just to let you know, it fits perfectly under my upper cabinets when on the counter top. It is a little larger than the standard 12-cup machine, but not much. It looks real nice also. When I finally wear this coffee maker out, I'll buy another just like it. Oh, it takes the standard #4 Cone shaped filters, or you can use the copper filter it comes with. As usual, Amazon was the cheapest price I could find
Excellent. I bought this fountain 5 months ago and have been extremely pleased with is so far. I have 5 cats, and of course cat hair gets in it, like it gets in everything else, but that doesn't stop it from running and the filter catches  most of it quite well. I used to get a lot of food pieces in there, but all I had to do was move the food farther away from it and that solved the problem. Cleaning it is really easy (takes about 5 minutes), I just wash it with warm water and dish detergent like any other dish, and I don't have to do it more than once a week. And I just love how quiet it is. I also recommended it to a few of my friends who have multiple cats and they all love it. Just make sure you change the filters as recommended. It's first of all healthier for your pets but also better for the fountain.
Toast!. You take a piece of bread and put it into one of the holes in the top of the toaster.  Then you take another piece of bread and put it into the other hole in the top of the toaster.  Then you push the buttons on the side of the toaster down and the bread goes down into the toaster.  Later, the bread jumps out of the toaster all by itself and it is all brown and hard and burny.  It tastes like hard and brown and burny bread.  I like it with butter.--This is an actual testimonial of the effectiveness of this toaster, i.e. it makes toast!  What else do you expect an $13 toaster to do
Almost a 5!. The only reason this misses the 5th star is the "trick" to opening the canister - you have to catch the lid above the raised circle around the canister.  Easy enough once you know the trick, and the canisters seem to seal nicely.  They're attractive and durable (yes, mine have been dropped on the odd occasion with no issues!).  I would not recommend this product for someone with arthritis, though.  A very nice set overall... Polder impresses!
Sharp. I'm not sure how people are banging up their knives using this simple, effective sharpener.  Slow down, folks.  Take your time.I own a number of Global knives, and sharpen them all using the MinoSharp with tremendous success.  I've even had luck sharpening Henckel and Wusthof knives with this.  I enjoy using it, and when I'm done, my knives are like new
5 star. Very pleased with this knife set. Very attractive and very easy to use for all types of cooking tasks
Glasses are Great, Shipping not so Great!. Ridel makes a fine and affordable product.  In the 5 or so years I have been an Amazon customer I have never had any problems with Amazon ordering, until ordering this product.   This item was a Christmas gift that took three weeks to arrive.  I belive the problem was the shipper, the US post office.  I have always recived fast and competent service from items delivered by the private carriers, UPS etc.  The post office took too long and the condition they treated my package was horrible.  They left it on the sidewalk for anyone to take it or break it.  I urge Amazon to specify which carrier they will utilize when a customer is selecting shipping specifications, especially in sending crystal steamware!
Holmes Twin Window Fan. The fan was mailed promptly and arrived quickly to my home. It has been great these last couple hot and humid weeks. I especially like the fact that: 1. it is quiet and 2. you can set it in such a way that causes the fan to turn on when it is say, 75 degrees F and off when it hits 70 degrees F. Therefore, I never get too cold and have to manually shut it off during the night. It's a great fan at a very reasonable price and if the whether wasn't cooling down, I'd probably be buying another one for the guest room
terrific pot. What a great pot. Heats evenly. Great for searing and creating fond. Reduces perfectly because of it's shape. I use this pot probably more than anything else in the kitchen
Better for your body. I've heard that steaming vegetables is much better for you than cooking them otherwise.  This does a great job at it.  It makes vegetables taste great, and works well.  Easy to clean
Good heater for tiny tanks. This heater works well, not bad for small tanks (5 gallons or less). I purchased this for my 1 gallon tank, and it heated the water up to the low 80s. The heater works submerged or placed under the tank. I keep my apartment on the cool side, so this heater did the trick. A word of warning, though--if you have a 1-gallon tank, make sure you have a thermometer in it, because if you keep your home temperature in the high 60s and into the 70s, chances are the heater will then heat the water too warmly, into the mid to upper 80s, at  which point you'll have to unplug the heater and monitor the temp as needed. Still, not bad for the price.
Love 'em. I've fallen love with soft-cooked eggs all over again with these perfect egg-spoons
Great Price for a Great Set. Wonderfully soft and absorbent.  Well worth the price
Little gem!. I love my Rev'n Chef.  I use it nearly every day.  You can chop your onions without tears, mince garlic without smelly hands, mix together herbs and then blend the olive oil/vinegar for a perfect quick salad dressing.  FANTASTIC.  You can also use the rubbery blade for blending or whipping.  I use it to mix up my eggs and it makes the eggs perfectly fluffy.  Just open it up, pop the contents in your pan and you're good to go.  Then rinse the sucker out or put it in the dishwasher.  You can even take it camping!  Zippy and cool
It doesn't get any better. I love my CatGenie.  I set it up a few days ago, and the cats are already in love with it, not to mention how much I enjoy no cat poo, no smelly litter, no litter dust, and one very clean laundry room.It was impossible to keep the laundry room clean with all that litter everywhere.Just be aware that it is big!  It does take up a lot of space. They cycles are very quite (at least compared to the littermaid.)The only issue is that sometimes in the cleaning cycle a few pellets will jump out, but you can just sweep them up and put them back in to be cleaned.I have 3 cats and have had it set to the recommended 3 times a day cycle, but after a few days I switched it down to 2 and it is perfect for the 3 cats.I was actually scared after the first day that the cats might have been using the bathroom elsewhere in the house, since there was nary a sign of solids in the box, but it's just that good that after a cycle everything is cleaned and all bad stuff is gone!
Smallest and truly unique, durable, store where you need it. When space is at a premium as in RVs, or where you want an extra picker-upper near the point of most frequent messes as around a picnic/patio table, this picks up small messes and even stores them neatly and tightly till you get near a wastebasket. I have had mine 2 years, no sign of wear; bought 4 more for Christmas stocking stuffers.  Takes a minute to get the hang of unclipping brush from pan but follow instructions, thumb on red button to flex it down in the middle rather than direct pulling it apart.
Perfect for dips. This crock is great, just the right size to keep dips warm.  The 3 settings keep whatever your keeping warm from scorching.  The removable crock is a breeze to clean
Amazing Product!. I also purchase the same trashcan but I didn't have the same problems, infact I didn't have any problems at all! When I first got the trashcan, I also thought that the noise coming from the lid was a little annoying but in time I got over it and it's not like I'm using it all the time. The trashcan is meant for trash and not display, so putting it where there aren't any heavy traffic will eliminate the noise.When I first came upon the website I was skeptic about these types of products because as all of you are aware, products like these especially one on infomercials are not very trustworthy. The Touchless Trashcan claims that it can outlast a regular trashcan for up to 10 years and will make throwing trash easier than every. Since it offered a 30-day money back guarantee I decided to give it a try and boy am I glad I did!What amazes me about this product is that it actually works! The infrared sensor detects any movement within 6 inches and automatically opens the lid; once you remove your hands it closes the lid all by itself. I've used other products similar to this before but the lid broke within days of use and the battery died. It's so easy and I never have worry about having hands full or the germs and bacteria getting elsewhere, I don't even have to clean it regularly anymore. Ever since I got the trashcan, my niece won't stop throwing away my trash!I was surprised that for such a unique product like this, it doesn't need anything special. I thought it would need to use special trash bags or special batteries, but it don't! I can use any regular trash bag and I can even purchase the batteries from any store like Walgreen's. Most of all it's very durable, it's made out of stainless steel so it can tolerate abuse. But this product is basically effortless, how much abuse can it tolerate if I don't even touch it at all? Compared to the foot pedal ones, this is far more advance than that. I used the foot pedal ones before and it broke within a month use and whenever I step on it too hard; it fell over and spilled all my trash! And then there's always the choice of using a trashcan without a lid, but then it stink up the entire room.They look very modern and stylish. I'm actually thinking of buying more so I can place it in my office and the bathroom. This is definitely worth it
Good Espresso-No Hassle. I've been using this style maker since 1968, when I was introduced to it by my friend's wife, who grew up in Little Italy (NY).  It makes very good espresso (want to improve the taste - improve the coffee you use), I think better but at least as good as the machines costing up to 5X as much.  It is also simple to use, fast, and easy to clean.  This size (9-cup) fills a mug, which I like, or two regular cups for when I'm sharing. Over the years I've tried other stove top brands and styles, but stick with this traditional Bialetti...they've been making them forever and have it down.  By the way, the little guy on the pot isn't flipping us the bird!
Too collapsible. All in one versatile use.  Very nice width and lid to conform to each collapse.  Goes from freezer/refrigerator to microwave nicely and hasn't stained yet.  The negative....it collapses too easily.  The lid is difficult to snap on and on pressing the lid on, the bowl collapses.  For those of you with hand difficulties and limitations, I would not recommend this product.  Otherwise is a very innovative product
Great great GREAT. We take this to every family picnic, and it works great. In fact, a few of our aunts have asked about getting it to take with them. Its just a wonderful thing to have if you are ever going to a picnic or party at someone elses home where you are bringing food. And if you cant cook, jsut buy something premade and put it in here and everyone will think you made it! Yes
Love these blankets!. I have bought 2 of these for my daughters and they love them, they are very warm
Magnetic Knife Rack is great!. It looks exactly as it was shown in the online photo, nice and sleek, and quite strong. Very nice
Great espresso from a mid-range machine. After conducting research for a few weeks, visiting Amazon, as well as other coffee aficionado sites, I finally purchased the Saeco Aroma espresso maker and have been using it for going on two weeks. Although this machine may not be as glitzy in appearance compared to some machines, it does make a great espresso. Say for instance, if the Francis Francis is the sexy Ferrari of espresso machines, then the Aroma would be a Volvo--boxy (perhaps considered bland in appearance to some) but solid, reliable, and a well-built machine for the price. Once I got the hang of using the pressurized portafilter, which has to be put on tightly to obtain the correct seal/pressure, I was treated to rich, flavorful espresso with lots of crema.I am pleased with the ease of using the machine, however, the instructions are not very detailed and I found technical support to be slow. Initially I placed a phone call to -- where I did not reach a live person--but left a message. Never received a call back, but called again the next day at which time I did get a live person. To be honest, she seemed ambivalent and downright unhelpful, blaming my problem on the coffee I was using (despite my best efforts to explain the problem). The issue was that after priming the machine and installing the portafilter, the pump would run and run, but no espresso would come out. I ended up tightening the three little screws on the bottom of the portafilter, which seemed to help make it fit more snugly and achieve a pressurized seal. Voila! Perfect espresso. If I had one complaint about this machine, it would be that the portafilter is not very substantial, and is made mostly of plastic.The Aroma's steam wand works REALLY well for frothing milk. Almost too well, as I ended up with a lot of foam, but the second time using it, I backed off on the pressure a bit, and got just the right balance of milk and foam. Overall I am pleased with the performance of this machine.It's hard to find a decent machine for under $300. But I would consider this machine to be a mid-level machine for an entry-level price, especially with 15 bars of pressure. (I had started out thinking I would buy the Starbucks Barista machine which was almost $400, but after seeing a live demo at a Starbucks store, realized it did not perform well at only 8-12 bars of pressure. Very little crema). A good espresso machine should offer a minimum of 14 bars.Two side notes: I urge anyone who purchases an espresso machine to consider a conical burr grinder (I bought the Capresso 560.01 Infinity Burr Grinder from Amazon). It's crucial to have a fine grind for brewing espresso. You'll know when you have just the right grind because after brewing the portafilter basket will contain a compacted "cake" of espresso, rather than a soupy mixture of water and grinds.I did not purchase my Saeco from Amazon, but opted instead to get it from Costco's website where it was $249 (for members or add 5% - or $12.45 - for nonmembers), including shipping and handling. Plus it could be returned to any Costco warehouse within 30 days, no questions asked, if not satisfied.
Great idea for feeding a few critters... I've owned several cricket-keeping devices and to date this is my favorite. Although I have several reptiles ranging from Leopard Geckos to a Box Turtle, I don't buy very many crickets. This is a great product for keeping 1-2 dozen medium or large crickets. So if you're feeding 6 or 7 reptiles, this is NOT for you!The problem: If I put any more than 1 or 2 dozen in, they escape. I don't know how, but I don't have a problem with "escapees" if I keep less than 2 dozen. I still deal with the occasional escape artist though, but consider the fact that you are keeping insects in your house and there are bound to be at least a few running loose in your house anyway.The Kricket Keeper is easy to clean (especially when you line it with a small clear plastic bag), easy to access for feeding/watering, and easy to get the crickets out with the wand. A great "starter" cricket housing item, or for those of us who use very few crickets and only feed them as a treat
GrandPappy Electric Deep Fryer. This is a really great product, especially for the price. I do wish it was just a tad bigger, though.
They work. There's not much in the superlative that one can say about a vac filter.  They work as they are supposed and do it just fine
Excellent Tool. I have had my Taylor Classic Yeast/Roast Thermometer for about 30 years (to the best of my memory) and find it an excellent tool. It is utterly simple to use and totally dependable. I wash it in the dishwasher and toss it in a drawer to store. It is not fragile; the stainless insertion rod encases the glass, rendering it rather durable. We use it in the Weber grill, in the oven, and anywhere a cooking thermometer is needed
Easy and fun. I received my fountain and the kids couldnt wait til I plugged it in. A little assembly was required but didnt take long. I followed directions and used a bit of oil with the chocolate. The fountain flowed very well and the kids and I had a great time dipping things into the chocolate. I actually plan to buy another as a gift.
Great Deal for the Money...If You've Got the Time. I would have to agree that this was a little more time consuming than most items to assemble.  My husband took the loveseat and table, and I was in charge of the chairs.  I had finished both chairs, and watched him struggle with the table for 45 minutes before I took over.  When one reads the instructions, you see that each screw is to be finger tightened only.  Once all of the screws are loosely in place, you must go around and give each screw a couple of turns with the allen wrench.  If you try to completely tighten even one screw ahead of the others, you will knock the alignment off and it will appear that the pieces do not fit together.  Yes, time consuming, but we get wonderful compliments on how beautiful it is, and how comfortable it is.  And even my hubby now sees the value to reading instructions...once in awhile, anyway. ;
Jewel ice. This mold is totally great! I got it for my husband to serve jewels in the drinks when we play his favorite role playing game. All our guests loved the cubes and it was easy to use the mold to make them. It is silicon so it was very easy to get the ice out of the tray, and the only thing I wish is that I'd bought more than one mold
The Best. I have two china sets, but I needed something for every day, and I needed something for a big holiday.  This is the best set out there after doing all my research.  This ultra strong china, can be put in a warmer draw, microwave, dishwasher etc.  You can use it for holidays and it goes with everything.  I have service for 16 and use it for all my big holidays.  It is versatile, and looks beautiful
Nice toaster. So far this toaster seems to be living up to the expectations I had for it, it toasts pretty evenly, it's easy to clean, and the bagel function works well too. It's big but that certainly doesn't take away from it's performance
Solution for the single guy. This is my first Amazon review, but I had to give a shout-out on this clever and well-made item. I'm a single guy in a high-rise condo and I do my wash only when I run out of clothes. These pop-up hampers are the perfect solution. They fully collapse to an inch in height when not in use and expand to hold quite a lot of towels and underwear. The spring loading is just right, so that it maintains it's expanded height, yet it's very easy to re-compress when not in use. The cotton canvas is good quality, as are the zipper and handles. I bought 2 to try them out, which at $26 total makes them eligible for free shipping. Right now I'm putting in an order for a few more
never got these dishes. My husband and I took over a house with 2 kitchens, and I wanted to decorate the smaller one in cream an black.  I fell in love with these, but never received them... they were sent to the wrong address and after the 2nd time, Amazon wouldn't send them again and I gave up.I went ahead and gave them 5 stars 'cause I was at a freinds house and she had these dishes.  They were really heavy and the print was consistent.  I'm so jealous
Wearever Skillet. This skillet is as good as all of the Wearever cookware I have purchased from Amazon which is excellent
I recommend it. We keep most of our wine in the basement. I bought this to display a few bottles in the kitchen and have them accessible. I was a bit disappointed that the gray uprights on the side are plastic. Nevertheless, it's attractive and classy; much nicer than most of the similarly priced racks
cat accepted it. I think that the product is ok, unobtrusive and easy to adjust... by my opinion isn't really significant.What matters is that the cat wasn't annoyed by it. He accepted it gracefully and even tried to lick it.
Petsafe Battery. It was the same battery that came with the collar.  The price was right
Fetch!. I was reluctant to buy these for my cat since i knew how annoying they could be. But of course, she loves them above all other toys! She loves to play fetch with them, and when we hide them from her, she'll do anything to get to them! we have about 10 hidden around the house by now. the cat loves them, and you'll get used to the noise
Wonderful Idea!. Never before have I seen a Hookless Shower Curtain until my husband and I stayed at a recently renovated Red Roof Inn in upper NY State.  The Hookless shower curtain is absolutely a wonderful thing!  No frustrating shower rings to load on a shower curtain rod... no shower rings to tear loose.. and best of all... when the Hookless curtain is used on a crescent shaped shower curtain rod... the shower curtain does not brush up against your body while you are in the shower!!  WHAT A WONDERFUL IDEA - I HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS ITEM TO EVERYONE
great buy. these are great knives at this price.  they are very sharp and look expensive.   they are not the "twins" but henckels has made a good product affordably
easy. one of the easiest filters to install.  differance from tap to this filter was amazing.  water tasted better and was very clear in color
mini disk pitcher. Item was in a box, in perfect condition and delivered in 2 days
Works great. I have one and I bought two as presents. At first, people seem to think that it's another 'space heater'. Ho hum. Then once they try it, they are amazed that it works so well. Mine is turned on at this very minute. I have to shut it off after 10 minute because the room gets pretty warm. Would recommend this in a hearbeat. Not cheap but worth it
Smaller than what I envisioned but great. I really like this to cook with as it's deep.  It's smaller than what I had envisioned but it is heavy so any larger would mean even heavier.  Definitely recommend it for frying as well as for use as a sauce pan
egyptian cotton blanket. very nice, warm blanket, but too big for a full size bed, way too big
Reveiw From Salt and Pepper Shakers. What a great masterpiece! This beautiful salt and pepper shaker set is an attractive, useful set. Great to use for bright rooms! Cheery color- even the pepper will brighten your day
sandwich tray. The tray is beautiful. I bought it for a christmas present.  Anyone who is collecting this pattern should be pleased. Additionally I have looked at many sites to get the best price on the pattern and amazon was the cheapest
A Perfect Fit!. I read a lot of reviews before making this purchase, then I went to a Williams Sonoma and handled the knife before making a final decision. Many have recommended that you handle the knives before purchasing... I also recommend this. Holding the knife in my hand is what locked the sale for me! I own a set of Trident (Wusthof) Grand Prix kninves, and wonderful knives they are. As I've been trying to teach myself better knife skills, I've been working at forming the proper hold (what chefs call the "pinch" hold). With the Wusthoff, I have to concentrate on it, because the knife never fit in my hand perfectly. The Shun is amazing in this regard. I will also say that I do have small hands... that seems to make a difference in whether many will like the Shun or not, but it definitely felt natural in my hand. I handled the Global alongside the Shun and put it down immediately (don't like the grip at all!). I've only been using the Shun for two days, but have already started thinking about a couple more additions to the ol' knife block. Is it sharp? Absolutely, everything cut like warm butter. Is that design, or the fact that it's brand new? I'll know in a few weeks! Again, before you purchase, handle the knife in a store, or a freinds kitchen or something. The way a knife feels in your hand should be the major decider
No more rings!. We have a house full of wood furniture, but not a lot of coasters to go around.  I'm so glad I did my research and found these (I was about to order the Bodum version, but another customer review led me in the Turvis direction).They work exactly as advertized: keep hot beverages hot, cold ones cold, and leave no damaging sweat rings behind on my antiques.  Im' really thrilled about the life-time warranty, too.
Kygen Dog Agility Kit. THIS IS THE GREATEST!  I had been pricing kits at about $1500 and more.  This was the answer to my dreams.  It is good quality, simple and is all you need for your dog to learn and have a great time
Mickey Waffler is GREAT!!!!. I recently bought the Mickey Wafflemaker for my wife. She saw it being used down at Disney World and fell in love with it. She was so excited when we got. She has been making Mickey waffles every weekend since. The wafffler is well made and works very well. I highly recommend this product
before you order. I was very impressed with this product.  My cats, however, were not. My cats, age 10, have only been in a carrier about 3 times and that was traumatic..and shun anything made for cats' enjoyment..I should know by now. For young cats and those liking to go into holes or used to a covered litter box, this product would be great
salad servers. The servers are very pretty.  Unfortunately, my sister-in-law put them in the dishwasher when visiting.  They look kind of dull now.  Be sure to hand wash them to keep them shiny
Great Product_Great Company. I just want to say I am not sure why the person who lost a piece of the product in her (Dawn Ulepich "Dawnski337" (Illinois)) haste is criticizing the company for a bad product. I have only had one problem ever with a Rival product and when I called the company, they immediately sent a new product out to take care of the problem even though it was not a product problem but rather a handling problem. I have found that they are a more than fair company and will take care of their customers. They probably would have even taken care of replacement of the plastic part (even though she lost it). It is not fair to penalize the store from which it was bought or the company that produced it because of her carelessness
Great Travel companion. I love this pot.  It fits easily in my suitcase to boil water anywhere I go.  Great for quick instant coffee, tea, soup, noodles.  I usually buy a new one every year because I depend so heavily on it.  I love the colors,  my next one will be purchased on Amazon
Trendy yet practical. Very stylish and yet very user family friendly-say goodbye to acrylic.  These will not break and you can toss them in the dishwasher.  Buy two sets
Good. It's cheap,  nice and useful.  I like this kind of stuff for the kitchen.  Buy it.
A wonderful gadget. As my hands become useless, this type of pepper mill is great.  I saw Ming Tsai using one on his TV show so I had to have one.  The method to refill is not totally clear and may present a problem for weak fingers
The best wok you can buy!. This isn't the first nonstick wok I had purchased, but it might be the best one I ever need. Beside I like the Swiss Diamond customer service on their replacement service. So, if you can affort it, just buy it
Cute, comfortable and lovable. I received my Mogu about 5 months ago and I've gone to sleep holding it ever since!They really are nice to hold.Would reccomend 100%
Beautiful cakes. This pan is wonderful. I didn't get it by Valentines day, but I used it for a something special later. The cake was beautiful and practically jumped out of the pan
THE BEST WAY TO MELT CHOCOLATE, AND GREAT FOR FONDUE TOO!. I saw this product at the Housewares Show in Chicago last March.  I bought two of them on www.chocolatemelter.com and I use them for dipping stawberries and bananas. I love to do the fondue thing.  Dark Chocolate is the best in this cute little machine!!
Excellent dishware. You just can't go wrong with Fiestaware.  It's sturdy, durable, attractive, cleans up easily (from table to dishwasher to cabinet).  And if my rough-on-dishes family can't break it, no one can
Great!. Great popper.  Looks good, easy to clean, makes popcorn quickly.  Just add butter & salt when done if you like.
This attachment actually makes me WANT to dust!. Let me preface my review by saying that I am a 25-year-old woman who isn't really big on doing chores. I got a Dyson for Christmas, and just tried out the dusting brush last week. My immediate reaction was: "THIS IS GENIUS!" It is great for dusting computers, televisions, lampshades, bookcases (mine are unfinished wood with several crevices, so normal dusting never seemed to help), the tops of books, CD organizers, ceiling fan blades, metal bedframes...I have dusted so many things with the Dyson attachment, and it works beautifully. This attachment will not disappoint, trust me. It's already made my life so much easier and cleaner
Excellent Oscillating Stand Fan. I have used a number of oscillating stand fans over the years -- the worst being the pathetic chrome Bionaire designer model with no motor vents, so the motor burned out in a year -- and I can say that this Soleus stands right up there with the best of them.  It's powerful, quiet, good-looking -- and yes, with dual-axis oscillation and the remote, you can point the air stream exactly where you want it, without getting up from your chair or bed.  Contrary to what one other unhappy reviewer claimed, I have found the Soleus to be well built and at the price Amazon is asking for it, something of a bargain.  I recommend this fan without hesitation, and I am someone who generally prefers Vornados.  (Of course, if Vornado made a dual-oscillating stand fan with remote and a vortex grill, THAT would probably be my first choice; in the meantime, there's the Soleus...
NOT Deep Dish!. Was looking for a deeper pan. LeCreuset products are a favorite but returned this, too shallow for lasagn
Perfect for keeping a few bottles around, and a nice decorating addition!. We have gotten a lot of use out of this wine rack.  We love wine, but we don't stock pile too much...just a few bottles from some travels or to have on hand for special occasions.  It isn't super high quality, and at first I was nervous about it falling, but I soon learned I had nothing to be worried about...it has been very sturdy and we keep it full of wine and hang some wine glasses on the bottom and store others on the shelf above.  It is convenient, out of the way up on the wall, and has a pleasant simple design.  It is great and I would recommend this to anyone looking for this size wine rack!
So much better than an electric blanket!. I got one of these someplace else in Queen size.  Toss a cheapo $39 down comforter on top to hold in the heat you you're golden.I got rid of my heated waterbed, and crawling into bed it was so cold.  These are so much better than an electric blanket because heat rises.  It lets you turn down your furnace at night, yet still stay toasty warm.  In Michigan turning down your furnace in the winter saves you money!  This will pay for itself in 1-2 months.  With an electric blanket you only get the leftover heat.  With this puppy all the heat rises into your body.  Dual controls, a bit more extra heat on your feet, and a 10 hour auto shutoff timer are bonuses.  A decent plain mattress pad is half the cost of this.  Get a heated one. I love it!-  Jo
The best toy on the market for med to large breeds, hands down. There is a reason that they include the word "almost" in the name. My super energetic lab is on his second one, but it took him about 3-4 years to finally chew through the first one. It would last forever if your dog is not an aggressive chewer.I attribute this ball for keeping him fit and healthy and still as active and energetic now in his 10th year as he was in his first. He pushes the ball with his nose and front legs as he runs back and forth across the yard for hours. Its exhausting just watching him go. Nothing gives him a workout like this ball. He actually has worn the hair off and has calluses on the top of his nose and front legs!
Very versatile product, highly recommend. A friend of mine recommended these spatulas and I couldn't be more pleased.  If you have ever owned the standard rubber spatulas with a wooden handle you will immediately recognize that a single piece design is a major improvement.  No more spatula heads popping off their handles.Because this item has a double head is twice as handy.  I use it as both a both a bowl scraper and as a spatula.  The smaller head works well for completely emptying a blender jar and/or food processor.It is fabulous at loosening fish or eggs from pans.  Whenever I am making risotto cakes, or crab cakes I always reach for this spatula to make certain the cakes release.  I also use this spatula as a spoon for stirring polenta or risotto.  Having the second smaller head makes a handy tasting spoon that doesn't contaminate the pot.This spatula is also easy to clean.  This spatula also does not stain.  I used it to make marina and there was no resulting "orange" stain after washing.I highly recommend this product.
Excellent cookware-more product for the mony. I was very impressed with this cookware.  I was a little skecptical about the handles being stainless steel, because I thought they would be too hot to the touch while cooking.  However, I have had no problems picking up the pots or pans by the handle while they are still hot.  This is an exceptional buy for the money.
Henckel Knives. I love my Henckel knives and was delighted with the price!  I live in Germany and have wanted a set for years, but the price was prohibitive.  This was a great deal
Excellent Garment Steamer!. Heats up in 5 min., steams out wrinkles usually on first pass-over but occaisionally requires one more.  It's light enough to carry in case you need more length on the hose which by the way is not a flimsey hose.  Works just as good as the much higher priced steamers I've seen demoed.  The pants creaser attachment worked great too.  Highly recommend
Nice for cooking side dishes. I use this pan for side dishes like veggies or making gravy.  Don't use this pan as often as my 2 1/4 quart dutch oven because the saucier pan is much heavier, harder to handle, and I don't have as much need for it as the dutch oven. With the 2 1/4 dutch oven you can make soup to serve 4.  Still give this pan 5 stars because its a Le Creuset
Versatile. Not only is this an excellent roaster, it also works great as a turbotiere--perfect for poached flounder, and, by turning the rack upside-down and adding some water to the pan, as a very effective smokeless broiler
Zak Designs Studio Lill Red Dishes. I really like the Zak Design dishes.  They add such a nice color to my kitchen table when eating meals. It appears to make it a more enjoyable dining atmosphere compared to my usual white setting and brightens up the faces of the people using them.  The bowls are so much better than other ones because they are deeper so it is harder for young children to spill things when they use them.  I am waiting for them to come out with the mugs or cups to complete my set. I really love the way they come out of the dishwasher without any spots and retain the just like new look.  Not only that but they make a great conversation piece at the table.  You can dress up or down this set of dishes by using various accessories on your table to fit any mood you would like to create.  They are wonderful and I believe anyone that is looking for a great set of dishes that hold up well, have a better type of bowl for cereal or soup and add atmosphere and/or conversation to a dining experience will love these dishes.   Of course, red just happens to be my favorite color too!  They also come in other colors so I am sure finding a color to your liking will be easy.
Great natural bookcase. I bought 3 of these. They are a great addition to my natural PC table and 2 bookcases that I already had.The price is great too
Franciscan Appleware. Exactly what we were looking for and exactly as advertised.  VERY fast shipping, which I appreciated during the holiday season
iced tea spoons. These were a little lighter and smaller than I expected, but otherwise seem to be of good quality
Cheap, but great!. Ok, this whole thing is plastic and metal with a cheap paint job, but you can only tell when you get close up. This is the best deal in town for the price it is. If you want something ultra fancy, don't buy this. But if you can appreciate a good deal and want something a little nice for your home, then you should definitely check this out. It gives the room a nice soft light and we both love it. Also, it seems to be pretty sturdy as well.
Great product, Great Value. I love finally having sharp kinves to cut with.  I no longer squish things apart as they glide through green pepper and tomoato skins.  Slicing meat for a stir fry is simple and carving the turkey went smoothly.  My husband gave these knive to me a month ago and even he, an non-cook, has come to appreciate them.  I do always hand wash them to prolong the life of the blade.  The extra slots in the bottom of the block are great for some of my old knives (for the kids to use) or for future expansion of the set
Awesome. I bought this fish turner for my step-dad who is a commercial fishman.  He loved it, and uses it almost every day.  I would definitely recommend it to anyone who cooks fish often
Exceptional. I was amazed how my cat loves to watch this DVD. When he hears the music, he runns in front of the TV and enjoys his show. He follows the bird carefully with his head. He is having a blast
Good. It was a little aggravating to assemble. Directions were not for this product. Packaging was not so great! It has stayed together and not loosened up as much as I expected it would. Pleasantly surprised considering cost was decent
Give Credit Where Credit is Due. I found this site before getting to the real Rival site. Like many, I was searching for the site for replacement parts. I realized that many of us were having problems with the same parts and that there was also a recall. After reading some of the negative reviews I decided to call Rival for new parts anyway. After a rather long wait on &amp;quot;hold&amp;quot; I did get to speak to a fellow who was very nice. He gladly handled the problem and my new base is on the way. So give the company some credit for standing behind it's product and having some integrity.
Laurie. I really like this fondue pot & it functions well.  The only thing I would like to see is a domed lid that would fit this so I could use it as a bean pot also
The best cat  kannel. My 21 year old cat Todd loves travelling. When I am on a holiday I always put him into the kannel. He isn't nervous about the kennel and doesn't make any noise. Very good. On the scale of 1 to 10 I give it A 1
Elegant and perfect. This decanter was exactly what I wanted - elegant and sleek design. The only difficult part about the decanter is pouring - you really have to tip the decanter all the way over to get the wine out. This decanter is in the league of Reidel
Butter comes in different sizes!. I bought the fiestaware cobalt butter dish while living in Arizona.  The butter sold there is packaged in shorter, wider, and higher sized sticks.  So, it didn't fit into the butter dish unless I trimmed it!!  Couldn't figure it out, why would they make a butter dish that a stick of butter won't fit into??!!  So....have just moved to the Houston area, and guess what, the butter here is sized just right for the dish.  Maybe they need to make two different sizes for west and east coast butter??  Crazy!  Nice butter dish, though
Worked like a champ. I used to live in a quiet neighborhood with three yappy Australian Shepherds, one of them next door, and two more on the other side of it (so they were two doors down from me).  I was skeptical, but the dog were driving us nuts.  I installed a Bark Free (before the Super model was released), and the dogs quickly learned to shut up.  It was remarkable.  They would still bark once or twice if they got super-excited, but it stopped nearly 100% of their bored "I wish someone would let me exercise" barking.  I only considered using the Ultrasonic mode.My only other word of advice is that a competitive product, the Dog Silencer Pro, is a worthless piece of garbage, and even in "Ultrasonic" mode, it produces a piercing screech heard by everyone, including humans.  Avoid that one at all costs
Steam Away. This is a good cleaning product.  The quality is good and the unit is easy to use.  It has enough water capacity to clean an entire bathroom, unlike some of the smaller units.  Also, there are variety of attachments which give you several options for cleaning various items.  Strongly recommend
These tumblers are great!. I love the large size of these tumblers, as I can get a whole can of pop with ice in them.  The thermal feature works good, the ice lasts longer, and they don't sweat, so I don't need coasters under them.  They are colorful, so each guest can have their own color, no mix ups. They fit on the top rack of my dishwasher, and they don't seem to be marked or scratched yet. After seeing mine, my daughter-in-law got some, as did two sets of my friends.  I am so glad to have found them!
A college student's perspective. I just recently received this odor eliminator. It was much bigger than I expected but very easy to setup and use. The filters are relatively cheap and only need to be purchased every 2 months.On whisper quiet mode well the unit is just about whisper quiet. If you are trying to get rid of a particularly bad smell you can turn it on high speed which is a moderately noisy fan noise.Living in a dorm sometimes things can get a bit smelly (if you know what I mean).This device always has your back whether it's your garbage you don't want to take out or your room mate's pile of smelly clothes. In this modern age we don't always have time to take care of these things and most sprays simply mask odors. This great Hamilton Beach product ELIMINATES odors and sends them packing
Perfect!. I was originally going to sink a lot of money into some sort of airpot, but I  found this while looking for a rice cooker and couldn't resist the low price.WOW. I'm amazed at how long this keeps liquids HOT! Hours and hours! No leaks, the top is a snap (I agree with the reviewer who made the comment about fussy caraffe kids). This is a great item, I'm glad I bought it
Bang For Your Buck. Got this delightful piece of cookware at the Amazon Friday sale for below $30. The best time to purchase this product is the `Friday Sale'. It is often featured during the Friday sale, so get it then if you can.The Nonstick Griddle is a real pleasure to use and its ability to span two burners is a good feature that helps in making cooking easier and faster. The vast cooking area allows for cooking multiple pancakes, patties etc at the same time, which is a boon that helps in saving time. The product is also of good quality and is also easy to clean (even though it does not fit in a dishwasher).The only downside is that it is quite bulky, thus taking up some space in the kitchen/ cabinet. Another improvement would be to make the handles a little wider.  I would also recommend that you check your stove size for compatibility. Overall it is a very good Calphalon Commercial Nonstick product well worth the price
West Bend Griddle great!. This griddle is great for week-end pancakes.  The temperature dial ensures that all pancakes from the first to the last come out a perfect golden brown.  Easy to clean, too
Boss The Best. After researching and finally deciding on a vacuum, the Boss upright is perfect.  I prefer inserting bags into a vacuum and this is possible with this vacuum.  Fantastic for carpets and bare floors.  Being refurbished has not been one problem. GREAT PRICE.. I see no reason at this time.  Glides very easily on carpets or bare floors...even though it seems heavy..no problem. Really do not need to even push..it glides itself.Recommend highl
The perfect dog toy. This could well be the perfect dog toy, especially if your dog is a Queensland Heeler with a knack for destroying plastic Frisbees, tennis balls, etc. in seconds flat.  I've had one for a couple of weeks now and, aside from some dirt spots, it looks new.  It is an unheard of feat for a toy to make it this long when exposed to the not-so-tender mercies of my dog's attention. This disc is not only very durable, it actually flies really well.  As something of a flying-disc connoisseur, I can't help but be impressed by how easy this is to throw and how far it carries.  Plus, it floats.  Perfect!
Love it!. I haven't had this for very long, but I'm impressed by its sturdiness and utility.  I've made braises and soups in it and love its ability to go from cooktop to oven.  Considering that it costs much less than Le Crueset, this is a great deal
Important Information. I had a Pur Plus water filtration system, but it developed a leak.  The Pur company, with absolutely no hassles, sent me a new Ultimate faucet mount water filtration system.  I found out that the Plus filter and the Ultimate filter are exactly the same shape and size.  So if you are looking for a replacement filter for your Pur Plus you can use an Ultimate filter
Le Creuset Stoneware 6-quart casserole. As with other Le Creuset stoneware products, this offers even cooking and easy cleanup.  The 6-quart capacity easily holds lasagna or pot roast for 10.  The clean up is a breeze - a quick soak and everything comes off.  Besides all that, it's really pretty enough to go right from the oven to the table.  I am sorry that they seem to be discontinuing the blue color though
An important addition to a cast iron enthusiasts collection. As I've mentioned in previous reviews, I am a faithful follower of items manufactured by the Lodge company.  Family owned and operated in a small town in Tennessee they've managed to keep what it is that we love so much about smaller companies:  the quality of the products.  It's no surprise that this splatter screen should be any different.  I bought this after using my Lodge grill pan to make hamburgers.  Unlike my husband, I like my burger well done, and a very brown on the sides.  I usually turn the heat up at the end of cooking to get this effect without drying out the burger.  When grease gets hot, it splatters.  This leaves my stove covered in grease, and not so much fun to clean up.  While I do love to cook, it's the cleaning up part I could do without.  Browsing the Lodge section of Amazon I discovered this product and ordered it immediately.  It must've been popular, because at the time it was out of stock.  When I did receive it, I put it to the test right away when I made my infamous hamburgers.  To my surprise, it worked wonderfully!  I was a little hesistant, because it does still have tiny holes in it.  While I knew that they were needed for ventilation, I still obsessed that grease was definitely going to escape through them.  To my delight, the grease stayed where it should, in the pan.  The screen pretty much stays put once you place it over the pan, but it does have a long handle so that you can lift it to turn items over without coming into close contact with the grease.  It is also lightweight so removing it isn't a problem.  I now use this handy item whenever I'm cooking anything that produces any type of oil, even if it isn't when using Lodge pans.  It's excellent with bacon, because we all know how much that likes to splatter.  Now I don't have to worry about burning myself, or cleaning up the mess on the stove afterwards.  The screen cleans up really easily as well.  I wash it after each use, to avoid a build up of grease.  Simply use hot water, soap, and sponge to wash the item, then dry with a soft towel.  Once again Lodge made an item they can be proud of, but would you except anything else?
Great knives. I just purchased this knife set for my son for Christmas, after reading good reviews. The knives have met all my expectations so far. They are very sharp, and the fibrox handles are substantial, non-slip, and comfortatble. The first test was 4 butternut squash my son volunteered to peel and cut up for Christmas dinner. Cutting hard squash is a task I don't look forward to, but the paring knife did the peeling, and the chef's knife did the chopping, with no problem. I then borrowed the paring knife to cut up an onion, and was amazed at how easily it went through the onion compared to the Chicago Cutlery I've used for years. For less than $50, I'm ready to buy another set for myself
Great spatula. Highly heat resistant, flexible enough without being too flexible, overall a great spatula, and my go-to utensil for a lot of jobs
the perfect toaster. What a toaster--The retro look is classy but attractive---the browning of bagles is quality plus and consistent--the overall quality of worksmanship is indeed impressive---whether bread, muffins, bagles, or tarts each time it is browned perfectly without being overdone.   recommended highly
pot holders. These are the best because all other silicones are not flexiable...these wrap right around handles...I intend to order several more sets for xmas gifts
Bye-bye George!. I've owned two George Foreman grills and his electric outdoor/indoor grill.  This Hamilton Beach is so much better when you compare the features you get for the price.  The best part is the removeable surfaces.  To get these on a Forman product, you have to pay a lot more.  I looked all over the Internet and am very pleased with the Hamilton Beach choice.  My only misgiving is that the package didn't contain the scraper and HB has not responded to my emails requesting one, but that's not an issue compared with how much better this product is for the money
If color matters...... My dog really loves this bed & I really like the idea of a 'cool side' & a 'warm side'. However, the color is not what I would call 'moss' (brownish-green), but 'teal' (blueish-green). Just FYI!No complaints about the quality, tho
Beautiful pattern and delicate cup. Teacup and saucer are even more intricate than pictured.  Also, Amazon did a fabulous job with careful packaging and shipped very promptly
Wow, I finally found it!. This is a super product!  I take mine everywhere - in the summer it's great for ice coffee and in the winter I use it for hot coffee.  I've had mine for about 6 months and use it 3-4 times a week.  I love being able to drink from the bottle and not fooling around with lids and cups etc.  It goes to class with me - lying flat in a briefcase and has never spilled a drop.If you need a small thermos with built in drink spout this is IT!  Oh and if you need something bigger I also bought the Nissan Thermos and it keeps things hot for over 24 hours... holds ice for days... I am so impressed.Enjoy
Its Fabulous. Love this thing - great having bubbly water at home - fun gadge
excellent service and products. The filter media I purchased was perfect and arrived quickly.  Thanks
GREAT NEW TECHNOLOGY. SUPER COMFY AND HELPS IMPROVE THE OXYGEN LEVEL IN MY BLOOD???  I'M SOLD.  THE KINK IN MY NECK IS FINALLY GONE!!!
Partially satisfied user of 6 second abs for 6 months. Contrary to the opinion expressed in the previous review I found the resistance levels more than adequate. It might be that it was being used incorrectly by using the back and arms rather than pulling from the abs. I developed very good ab definition after around 2 months working out at 120 crunches on my back 3 times/week. Only problem was the machine broke when it wasn't even on the highest setting - but I intend buying another
T-Fal Toaster Oven a winner. T-Fal has a winner with the Toaster Oven.  It arrived in excellent condition, was easy to operate, and has performed well.  Makes a great alternative to using the stove/oven, and takes up relatively little space. I am more than happy with it.
Corners are nasty.... VERY STRONG TABLE. I agree with the other review. Though I feel asleep on the couch while watching seinfeld and woke up in the middle of the night. Gouged myself on the table... yes gouged. Though I have stood on this table before and I am 6'4"(ten foot ceiling) and weigh 280 lbs. Very strong. Mine is not falling apart. Almost did the same night I was gouged. Temper... :) No kids. Or nightvision. Buy.4 stars because it is sturdy... Company cannot account for stupidity or young ones.PS Target shipping rates are terrible for small items. Understandable for large items
Nice mattress pad!. I purchased two of these mattress pads when my second son graduated to a big boy bed.  Wow - how nice!  The sides fit the mattress snugly yet adjust for a great fit.  The fill is amazing!  A friend thought I bought a pillow top bed for my 2 year old, and was surprised to learn it was the mattress pad that made it so soft.  It washes really nicely, too.  I bought cheap waterproof pads for my first son, and they fell apart within a month of washing.  Not this pad!  I'm going to order another for my older son now - you know, just in case he gets sick in bed or something, plus it will make his bed much more comfortable.  Great quality; great value
Office Fish Tank. I love the Office Fish tank watching the fish swim in and out of the file cabinet, over and under the desk, it has been an enjoyment
Much better than the usual Target furniture. It was a joy not to have to hassle with those stupid cams and parts than don't fit (although the bottom feet, which you do have to assemble, had to be forced in order to fit). It's also quite attractive. I should pay more attention to the dimensions of products than to their pictures, because in my mind the picture makes it look wider than it is. It's nice to see real wood, but I am under the impression that the pressed wood like the stuff Ikea sells is more environmentally friendly. Finally, you can't beat the price.
A Blending Success. This blender is simply just powerful good looking blender that is so simple I bet even George W. Bush can use it (no offense to Republicans, I am one of you anyway). This thing can blend or crush or chop, or anything (depending on the settings) to your will from frozen cranberries to sticky gummy bears (don't ask). And no matter how many foodstuffs you mix in of different types or in different stages of matter it can throughly blend them to make smooth combo drinks or throughly spread flavored salsa or just knock out the lumps in pudding or gravy to the point that it would cause a French chief to weep with jealousy. I'm a person who hates cleaning to be honest but simply this blender is just easy to clean despite what type of mess I make in the blending jar or button counter from sticky milkshake to greasy gravy. I'm a person who when I buy something I don't read the instructions, I just try to get a feel on how to use it and simply all of this blender's vast settings are self-explanatory with no instructions needed, so I got the feel of it in no-time
Time saver. This product exceeded expectations and has expanded our menu due to ease of operation and cleanup.  Cannot go wrong on this one
Sharp and great looks!. I received these knifes as a wedding present and I'm tickeled pick about them. They are very, very sharp and will cut through anything I can think of to use them on. The handles are wonderful, and the rubbery bottom will not let your hand slip. They also look great on the counter
Vacu Vin Wine Bottle opener. Amazing tool! I gave one to a friend who runs a restaurant and it cut his "wine-bottling-opening-time" down to zip, bam, boom and it's done. I watched him ruin cork after cork and decided he had to have one of these. I wouldn't be surprised if he bought a few more. Your friends will remark about it too. Makes a great gift
Very Nice. Superb, Beautiful, Delicate, Excellent Quality, A must have for your Wine Rack..Your special quests will love them
Kevin. This is a great case for my GPS and the cords that go with it.  Great product...
Nice Mug - Not So Nice Price. This mug is nice and cute and durable - the color is even and matches well with the other cinnabar items I have.  I just found it extremely pricey for what you get.
Sure Grip Instant Read Thermometer - great product. Works very well; easy-to-use design with a particularly nice handle. Recommended
Brugo Mugs Aren't Bad. My husband and I both own one each and are happy with the product.  The lids on ours work just fine and perform as advertised.  But the mugs don't keep the coffee hot any longer than other coffee mugs we've owned before.  Overall, the mugs are great for coffee during your morning commute
Nice Mortar and Pestle Set for the Money. Really nice set for the money. Grinding surfaces are textured just like the more expensive sets. Lots of flexibility with 3 different sizes. Why spend more? Great buy for any cook
6.25 ounce bowl. Great size for a small to moderate serving; Fiestaware has been a good find and value for our family (2 generations) as all the place setting colors we have are still available (24 places/6 colors).  We have been able to replace anything that has been broken, plus add different pieces (just added these bowls to the original 2 colors to which we atarted our home).  Mixing colors makes for a variety of beautiful table settings for seasons and hoidays
great gadget. I love it!  It really works!  I especially like it for onions.  It is very easy to use, and not bad to clean up.  Definitely worth the money
better living through chemistry. I read some of the previous reviews on this product and it seems it works very good or not at all.  In my case it works amazingly well.  I have two Bengal cats, neutered male and a female I want to breed in about a year.  Well the female came in to heat. She was making some really weird noises day and night.  She started wetting on the floor and then on my bed!  I called the vet who recommended Feliway.  I went to the pet store and bought one bottle/diffuser. I came home and plugged in the diffuser, went to work, came home a few hours later.  Both cats had undergome personality changes for the better.  They were both much calmer, more affectionate and playful.  No more weird noises.  No more wetting.  That's when got on Amazon and bought four more diffusers to put through out the house.  But I haven't had to use them yet.  I'm waiting for a version for humans
Couldn't raise a dog without this stuff. I have terriers and I live in an apartment. Occasionally it's my fault (home late) that they have an accident in the house. I love this liquid. It's all natural, non-chemical, non-carcinogenic, but it really works to remove the odor and appearance from our antique oriental rugs. FYI It also works amazingly on coffee stains and other types of stains. I spilled coffee on a beloved white quilt with a gorgeous flower print, which left a huge brown spot in a prominent location. I applied Nature's Miracle. I came back to check on it an hour later and the flower print was still lovely, the white still bright, and the only evidence of coffee spill was a wet spot that dried. It does leave a smell of Nature's Miracle for a few days, and in humid weather, it's harder to get clean - not sure why, must have something to do with enzyme life or something. It works better when it can dry out completely
excellent value. I'm fond of Henckels' cutlery, but had just been keeping them in a drawer (with edge guards).  An inexpensive block of this quality was a welcome addition to my kitchen.Slots:2 wide slots for knives like santokus or chef's knives.5 medium slots for knifes like slicers, bread knives, etc.2 small slots for paring/utility knives.1 special slot for either a medium width knife or a steel.the hole between the top of the block and the base is for kitchen shears/scissors.I wouldn't mind another wide slot, but this is pretty close to exactly what I need
Really Good Saucepan with Poor Finish. The pan does what you want it to do: distributes heat evenly and has a good, heavy, tight fitting lid. So why isn't this enough for five stars? Because the pan show water spots and cooking stains from the very first usage and with every subsequent usage. Why? I like Calphalon, consider myself a "Calphalon cook" but the external appearance is not a trivial matter, especially on expensive cookware.
A Perfectly Adequate Microwave. There is not much to say about this unit.  It works, has not broken down, is sized adequately to fit in the corner of our remodeled kitchen.  The steel finish is attractive and goes with most color schemes.  It is solidly built.  We resisted getting a microwave as long as anyone I know, but there is a lot of convenience in it.  Whatever your cooking habits, it is hard to imagine that it wouldn't be useful at least for reheating.  I didn't now how to rate this unit because we have never had another one to compare it to, and there is not much special about any microwave.  I am giving it four stars just because it deserves more than three.
Pretty good overall. I have had several of these for almost a year (one at home, two at work). If you figure out how to use it right it makes very good shots. The trick is to find the right grind and then pack it just right. Since it's a pressurized portafilter you don't want to tamp the grinds too hard. If you do, little to nothing will come out - especially with a fine grind. The steamer is a bit "wet" but for this price you will not find a top notch machine. Don't try and steam a lot of very cold milk at once and it's not a problem. I place my pitcher (with milk) on the stove while I'm grinding beans and pulling shots to  help get it started but it's really not that necessary. It makes a great cup of coffee. If you have trouble, chance your technique until you find the right one.On the downside, one of the ones we use at work has a tendency to pull a small amount of milk up the steamer wand. I don't know what that's about. The other two don't do this. The same one also has a switch that sticks a bit. I probably should just return it under warranty. Aside from these problems, this is a good little machine. All 3 that I use get quite a bit of work and have few problems. Best of all, the coffee it makes is very good (if you start with good, fresh beans).
Great, as expected. After buying a chef's knife last year, my wife asked for a whole set.  We love them
Krups tea kettle. We liked the older smaller one better.  We rarely need the amount of water this one holds so because it is bigger it is heavier.  But the little one was discontinued
Versatile, inexpensive, adapable storage solution. This bag is the greatest, it is made of the same fiber reinforced material that they use for those ubiquitous white, red and blue plaid bags that are used in India, Russia, the Middle East and other countries instead of luggage or canvas tote bags.The handles are sewn and reinforced and are certainly strong enough if you are storing wreaths or comforters but I would hesitate to carry the bag by the handles if used to store books, heavy toys or sports equipment. I bought on sale but they are certainly worth considerably more and I will purchase more of these rather than the Rubbermaid bins. Great for carting things back and forth to a summer cottage, to college or camp.These bags are much larger than expected even though I looked at the measuremnts. To me that's a plus
Great  fun. We got this for our 5 year old who wants to open a stand this summer for the kids in our neighborhood.  He absolutely loved it.  He was excited because...Now he can make supper!  The bun warmer doesn't really heat up the buns but makes them warm enough.  I would recommend this item to anyone who has kids
Hard to find in stores. This is our favorite flavor to use to make hamburger jerky.  Our grandson will not eat hamburgers but eats this and loves it.  Yes, he knows it's made of hamburger but he doesn't care.It's hard to find in the stores sometimes.  Walmart thinks it's a seasonal item, really that's what the clerks told us.  Be aware that Nesco has changed the look of the box recently so look for a different pic on it. It's great that Amazon is carrying this product. We LOVE this mix. Makes great jerky
Great product. I got this oven as a replacement for an older DeLonghi model we've been using for years in the office kitchen.  My staff loves it.  I can't wait until they make me some cookies! :
Really great knives. I bought these knives as a gift for a student at the California Culinary Academy. She said the knives are really great, far better then any Santoku she's had.
great, but non-standard batteries. I found this to be bright enough for me to read without disturbing my bedmate.  It's a soft light (almost seems like a natural spectrum) and is very directed at the page.  The clip is large enough for even a thick hardcover, and the neck is flexible as needed.  So, functionally, it gets a solid A.But I wasn't happy that it takes nonstandard batteries (two of those round watch/calculator batteries).  Replacing them is a hassle (though inexpensive) because I have to make a special shopping trip noting the exact type of battery before I leave, and I have to find them in a store with an electronic department.  I wish this light took AAA or something.The light does include batteries, so you won't need to worry until you run out.  For me, that was  probably around 20 hours or so
So very frothy... Great product. If you buy this item for froth this is the one. On the other hand...If you buy this product for making instant drinks for the kids etc..and a few other quick mixing things- this is the wrong one.The one I was trying to replace had more of a tiny mixer on the end. This one is a frothafier! Perfect for coffee drinks
Great oven mitts. just what was needed, the ability to pick up hot pans right from the oven. Perfect product for the application!
spatula. this is a very nice, thin, flexible, good feel in the hand, light weight but strong spatula.
Does it all for a economical price. Has all the features I needed e.g., clock, auto brew, sneak a cup, auto shut off.  Unit works great.  Paid $18.48 plus tax at Walmart.
Good product if you have good tap water. I thought I would save money on seltzer with this product but it really comes out to be the same. If you have good tap water or good well water I highly recommend this product. It's easy to use and practical. Refrigerate the water you are going to use first
Comfortable and fits well. Love these sheets, they are soft and fit well. I just wished they were a little less wrinkly coming out of the drye
These scissors are like new after years of use!. I use my Joyce Chen scissors daily and they are still like new!  Am slowly replacing all my scissors with this brand!  You would not want to be visiting my home when my scissors are missing!!!  Quite a search
Great Little Fridge. I got mine in yesterday for my office. Works great, whisper quiet and not a single dent anywhere. It also does double duty as a great printer stan
still going strong. Bought this as a gift for an employee in my office last year. She loves it. She's a "hot" person.  She uses all year long even though the rest of us are cold. It gets a lot of use.  It's still going strong and she loves it. I've never noticed any noise from it so it's a winner.It's only 4 stars because I'm not the actual user.
Great blender. This Kitchenaid blender arrived quickly. You could never tell the item was reconditioned. I purchased mine on the name brand and price alone. I had no idea what a deal I was getting or what a great blender this was. I have owned several other blenders but this one is tops
GREAT Product!. This rascal works GREAT!  I put a half frozen bagel in it and it cut through no problem!I would HIGHLY recommend it over a holder and knife
Great Flexible Fondue Set. This Swissmar fondue set is excellent. I love how stylish it is. I looked on Amazon and other sites looking for a flexible fondue set that could do:- cheeses- broths for meat- chocolateFlexibility is what I was looking for. The 3 in 1 is perfect for doing cheese to start with, when done with that course, remove the ceramic bowl, pour the water out of the copper pot, and put in your broth. Although I haven't used it for chocolate yet, I'm sure it will work well for that. Using this setup for cheese is better than ones that have the burner directly heating the bottom of the bowl instead of water between the pot and bowl which more evenly distributes the heat. Others tend to burn on the bottom unless you constantly stir. Of course if you're into the tradition of Swiss fondue cooking, the "thick" part in the bottom is the tasty part for your special guest!The burner is hot enough to keep your broth simmering unlike another I have used. Also it holds enough fuel to keep things going throughout that course. You will need to refill it between cheese and broth - of course make sure it's extinguished and cool before doing so. I used bottled gel purchased from a local cooking store.An excellent purchase - I am very happy with it.
Mini Citrus juicer. Exactly what I wanted and am glad I bought 2 of them!
My most favorite Christmas Present!!!. What a wonderful knife...it feels natural in your hand, slices through anything, and cleans extremely easy...It even has its own spot in the drawer!!!
Versatile and good-looking. This is essentially the All-Clad stainless steel 3 quart saucier fitted with 2 short handles.  The "dutch oven" sold by All-Clad is a similar configuration of the 5 1/2 quart saucier.This is a versatile stovetop pan--wide enough for frying, deep enough for liquids, good-looking enough to carry to the table.  It can also slide into the oven when needed.It may not be big enough to do a traditional 19th century cassoulet, with large hunks of meat and a gallon or so of beans, as one poster complained, but it functions quite well as an "everyday pan" for up to 4 persons.  The dimensions of 9 1/2 inches by 3 inches (plus handles) fit the 3 quart capacity into a compact shape, with a rounded bottom for easy stirring.If you are looking for a versatile "do-it-all" pan, this is a good choice
Seems great value. Heavy constuction, riveted handles, real metal layers. I never usew them, but they look great hanging :
Quality Wooden Spoon. We found this wooden spoon to be of the highest quality and well worth the price paid for it.
Look nice and easy to embroider. I bought these to embroider on and they work great for that. They look really nice, make a nice gift.UPDATE: Since I've purchased some of their other towels and I like these a lot better. These feel a lot richer, less weave-y feeling and more cloth like. They aren't real absorbent, but great for drying hands and very nice looking hanging in the kitchen, or even a guest bathroom. For the price I think it's a very good value package.
A very nice set of knives for a very nice price. Yes, there are probably better and prettier knives than this set.  There is the ridiculously beautiful Katana set from Calphalon.  There is an elegant and heavy set from Mundial.  There is the tried and true and sworn by Wusthof cutlery and its counterpart offerings from Henckel's so if money is no object for you, feel free to look around.  If, however, you are on a budget and want a good looking, feather-light yet sturdy set of knives, you can't go wrong with this one.As you can see, it is a 7 piece set and it comes with a chef's knife, a carving knife, a serrated knife, a paring knife, and a pair of kitchen shears.  It doesn't come with a set of steak knives so if you're like me and like to grill every Friday night (what's better than steak and some nice wine after a week of lifting weights?) you'll need to purchase another set.The quality of these knives matches the look of them.  And as far as aesthetics are concerned, these knives are rather pretty.As I said, they are very light but they are extremely sturdy (they certainly appear to be full tang and they behave as though they are - quite frankly, at this price they better be)and I don't feel bad about putting them through the motion - after all, that's what they're there forAs with all top quality kitchen utensils, hand washing is preferred and recommended.  I certainly don't mind taking the time to adhere to those requirements.The Hardwood Block is top notch, if a little large.Bottom line - after the price cut, this is a steal.
Spa Washcloth Weight. Columbia towels are especially luxurious to use and for a long time I didn't use them because they looked so lovely and new hanging in the bathroom. The color is especially pretty and reminds me of a deep lavender, they call it Plumberry. The weight of the towels is especially luxurious and they absorb water so well, that the towel at times can still feel almost dry after you use it. When the washcloths are completely drenched, they do seem a little more heavy than most, although they have that "spa feel" to them and they retain heat very well, which makes them sort of comforting. I've tried many towels and these are the most absorbent I've found. They are made with 100% combed cotton and have a heavier feel. The edges are sewn especially well with a nice fabric border so they don't fall apart the first time you wash them.~The Rebecca Review
Good slow cooker. This is a versatille item but note a few things:  It heats up very slowly so use it for braising.  It's cast iron so wash and dry quickly to prevent rust.  It's very heavy and the handles can get hot, so be careful!Other than that, this is a very nice item.  It goes easily from stovetop to oven to the table.  The interior is reasonably nonstick and easy to clean up.  I like the color, almost black with just a hint of green and brown.The two quart size is the ideal size for cooking a one pot dinner for two adults or a side dish for 4 to 6 people
awesome. Set is nice but too expensive and dry clean only...there is no excuse to not include the separate sheet set at this price. The cover and shams are wonderful
Fun Machine. Although the box arrived in good condition and the machine was well-packed inside, the machine arrived broken. Makes me wonder when/where it was dropped! The front plate and knob were broken off. Since this affected the aesthetics only, we just glued it back on.When my husband began to make our first lattes, the machine began to smoke. I dreaded the thought of having to pack it back up and go through the return process. How disappointed I was, especially since it was a Christmas gift!Thank goodness my husband is good at fixing things! He removed the back cover to take a look at the insides, and low and behold, a couple of wires were not connected. Evidently, they became disconnected at the same time the front plate and knob were broken off. So he connected the wires and it has worked fine ever since Christmas.For the price, it's a little disappointing to have to rewire and glue it back together. But it sure does look cute on the counter, and the latte's are exceptional!
Luxury Sleeping. Tommy Hilfger had done it again making high quality bedding for all to enjoy. Go to bed with comfort, style, and class
Rosle Fruit Muddler. This little tool is great!  I use it to mash bananas for banana bread.  It works really for this task and is very easy to clean!  And it's attractive, too
Cat took right to his new toilet seat. Still having some slight problems with going potty on the toilet but goes to pee every time.  He transitioned well to his new toilet seat and even sat on it while I had it on the floor before installing.
Highly recommend this item!. This is my first "electric" litter box.  I have two cats and they took to it the first day it was set up.  It really decreases the usually strong smell of a litter box.  It was a breeze to set up.  I also purchased the tent to go on top and that has worked well keeping the litter from flying all over the cats' bathroom floor. And with the tent they can't hang their bottoms over the side of the box and accidentally leave a BM on the floor.  I'm going to use rewards points from a credit card to purchase the replacement litter cartridges and that will keep the cost of maintaining it down
Just what I was looking for ... I wanted a case to store my sharp knives and keep them out of the hands of my little girl.  This knife case is great.  It does just what I wanted it to do.  I can see why some may find it a little small, however.  I have two separate knife collections: one for produce and one for meats.  I purchased this case for my meat knives.  It easily holds my cleaver, my two carving knives, my carving fork, my trimmer, and my poultry shears.  I didn't need anything bigger, and the price on this item is great.  Just make sure it has enough space for your collection before ordering
After you've tried the rest.... Perspective: I'm 50+ and have been an amateur cook for 30 years or so.  I work with computers, currently.Like many of my generation, I read "Dress For Success" to tell me how to dress, and for a number of years I toed the line.  There was no equivalent book for cooking, but if you read around you got told that you wanted a full-tang, three rivets or more, and a forged-bolster.  In those years (70's-80's)life was simple.  I bought German knives--the usual suspects--and they were fine knives.  Hefty, well-balanced.  And they really looked good--visitors knew that I was a man of taste and discretion.  I would never have bought a knife with a plastic handle (except maybe to use it in the garden).At some point we all grow out of the need to be thought well of, and the engineer in me started to take over.  I saw the knife reviewed in America's Test Kitchen, and I gave it some consideration for sheer practicality.This is an outstanding knife.  It stays sharp for an incredibly long time (and I have just bought my Diamond sharpening stone--which now gathers dust).  The slight upward tilt of the handle is perfect.  The slight extra width of the blade is a delight as I use it to pick up the garlic, onions, eggplant, etc. after it's been sliced/diced.  The plastic (or "Fibrox," if you're bothered by the word "plastic") has a nice very slightly rubbery feel that gives it a superb grip, even when wet.This is a knife designed by mechanical and materials engineers to do the job, without compromise.  I've just given a Victorinox to my mother--we'll see if she likes it
Didn't know what I was missing. These are my first set of wine glasses, and though expensive compared to sets sold by Ikea, these Riedels are worth the price. I experienced aromas from my usual wine selections that I've never knew were there before. Since receiving these glasses a few months ago, I had the displeasure of drinking wines from glasses of lower quality in restaurants. There was an older review on Amazon from someone who said he brought his Riedel glass to a wine tasting event and I felt like doing the same, but unfortunately, that wouldn't make sense on a regular basis. I am happy with my purchase and I would rather put up with the risk of breaking one and getting the most out of my wines than buying some cheap stock Ikea glasses and not know what I'm missing
A great 2nd or 3rd knife. I like this knife, I really do. However, for it to be truly functional as a santoku knife, it has to have a scalloped edge so that your food doesn't stick to the blade. The handle also is really light and doesn't have the same heft or balance as, say, the Henckels 5 star series would have. The small grip is somewhat uncomfortable for people with larger hands and it doesn't have any texture so it is difficult to use if hands are a bit wet. This is the first knife I grab for slicing up meat and the fact that it keeps a razor sharp edge is nice. However, if you were to own one knife in your kitchen, I would not recommend this.
Great Design and Very Sturdy. I initially ordered two of these two help organize my daughter's shoes...and have since ordered two more!  The design is excellent, it is very sturdy and steady and it is an attractive way to organize shoes!Assembly is easy and I love them
great gift item!. These cheese knives are high quality, look sleek and have an ergonomic design. Makes a great gift item! I bought mine from HotDiscoveries and couldn't be happier
SO EASY TO USE. This remote caddy is the best I have seen. It holds all of our remotes. TV Guide and HBO Guide. It could not be better
Nesco Roaster Overn. I have had a Nesco 6 qt. roater over for over 30 years and recently bought another to use at another property.These are great, couldn't be without.  Also great for keeping warm chicken or ribs or whatever off the grill.I use for a multitude of cooking items
MMMM...soft & fluffy !. This neck pillow is REAL comfy , cozy, soft & squishy---guess you can tell we like it.
chop chop!. This is a great product. I don't cook becuase I don't have time to chop. This makes it a lot easier. Everyone in my office has one and we all like this product. Try it
ELEGANT ENGINEERING MAKES THIS ONE THE BEST. This review is intended for the 4700 series as pictured here with the see-through dustcontainer! It is a joy to use and simplicity in every way. And the engineers used sheer genius in its plain and simple design. My hard use might tend to make the automatic shut-off come into play, when years of cat hair or whatever clogged the filter on first use, but I do not expect that to happen again, as I have no cat. It was a previous owner and years of no vacuuming which caused it. If you do have the motor turn off, wait the half hour as recommended, hey take a break and read a good book from the amazon, and then start her up again. But be sure before you rest the on/off pedal is in the off position or the motor might not realize it is recovering and not start up again. Also unplug and then be certain to PLUG IT BACK IN!Notice the no-clog hose.I finally had to give up on my beloved Eureka HEPA filtered after yeaers of very hard usage finally made that right angle turn where the hose hits the floor and forward to the brushes constantly blocked. I got tired of dismantling the tiny hard to reach screws and prying out the collected dirt and dust and hair and such. I must confess: I used and abused my former Eureka, including in the potting soil corner, and have paid the price.Now I discover very inexpensively and with elegant simplicity this wonderfully engineered marvel.Notice again the no-clog hose. Rather than the hidden right angle turn at the bottom, the hose comes straight out, and is easily detached at the bottom for clearing, which is unnecessary in any case. Rather than a multitude of filters to be replaced at great cost every few months, there is one, which rinses off with water. And instead of a whole bunch of attachments falling off the main stand, there are the basics, no more, no less, including generously long wands to attach to the generously long hose.And the most powerful engine available, at full bore, blasting up the floor, under this light weight yet poweful tool.Check out the interesting engineering of floor clearance. Rather than estimating carpet shag, or whether you will pass mainly over bare floor and low carpet, and thus struggling to turn a hard to reach clearance dial with stiff fingers, you just hit the engagement foot pedal and the clearance automatically adjusts to the present floor conditions, and continues to do so on the fly as you pass from condition to condition, from rug to linoleum. And when the machine is ready to rest, however unwillingly like a young colt ready to run some more but being put away early to stable, restoring it to the upright condition raises it to a clearance high enough to roll into storage.The handle can be easily and effectively lowered for reaching under tables and even beds, and the powerful headlight really makes visuals ineluctably bright.The engineers at Eureka have really designed an effective and useful tool in this one, with elegant simplicity of use and of maintenance. Assembly was also a breeze and a joy with one screwdriver.This is the one to get. Never mind those cheapo shop vacs with lousy plastic attachments; never mind those much more expensive rigs seductively and bizarrely promising continuous suction. This is the one. Take my advice, freely given. You may even thank me for it. Or let me come over and dump dirt on your carpet and show you how great a machine this is. A joy to use. I can't wait for the carpet to fill up with dust again!Makes vacuuming a contemplative prayer of spiritual cleansing.Further strong points for this vac, for those who do not yet believe in it, please notice the handy handle near the base which makes vacuuming up stairs easier, especially considering the sturdy yet lightweight of this vacuum. Also notice the ease of removing and emptying the dirtbag (I know it is more of a canister but dirtbag is a great word) and of rinsing out the filter. I did have a few moments puzzle putting the dirtbag back on but that will soon become second nature. I also must admit to not having used the staircleaning feature as I have no stairs here in the desert.
Nice product but more involved to install than advertised. Westinghouse has made a great little remote here that works as promised. However the description on their own web site neglects to mention the need to install an electronic module inside the fan. They also don't state which fan models (In their own Line) this module will not fit. We bought a Ceiling hugger model and there was no room indide the fan for the module, it had to be located in the junction box above the fan.  So while the fan control works great and as described there might be a bit of work involved wiring and installing the communications module.
Kitchen makes the best blender. It was more expensive than the others. BUT this will last us forever!Strong and solid... just like everything else "KitchenAid" we have ever bought before
Cat behavior modification. This has decreased the amount of screeching battles between my male cat and new arrival quite a bit.  The new one still does not like him, but the old cat doesn't seem to stalk the new one as much and he has significantly reduced his spraying to mark his territory.
I love my mogu. I love my mogu doll this is the third one that I have purchased.  I now have two and my sister-in-law who always wanted to steal mine now has her own
Warm, Fuzzy, and Good. This blanket works well, is soft and light weight, and is a good price.  The wires are not bulky or distracting.  It heats up quickly and the automatic shut off feature is reasuring
THE ANSWER TO MY PRAYERS!. I have a lot of cats.  I've been a cat lover for a very long time.  I've spent a bundle on all kinds of litter boxes including $300. for the Litter Robot (I was desperate).  This is by far the easiest, least time-consuming, affordable box available.  With the automated boxes something always seems to get stuck or jammed or broken, you have to deal with liners or disposal bags AND they are a royal-pain-in-the-neck to clean!!  I only bought one of these tilting boxes to try it out but I am ready to get another one.  You will not regret purchasing this item
Great addition. A really great addition to our Fiesta collection. This bowl is the perfect size for soup, ice cream, etc. Also great as a small mixing bowl when cooking.
Cute Vac for Kids. my 4 year old daughter loves her new barbie real vacuum. She has vacuumed with it every day since she got it for christmas. The only thing that I have noticed that is a negative for it is that it doesn't keep a charge for very long (5 minutes or less). Other than that it is a great toy that can help keep your house clean too
read the directions people!. I have to write in on this Mission line.  I just got the end table and bookcase.  I, like others, did not read the directions in entirety.  I was amazed at the table simply falling apart!  UNTIL I read the directions, tightened the silver screws, and wow!!! Great value for the money!  I mean even if it's a little wabbly (which mine is not), look at the price!  You can not beat it
Good Quality at reasonable price. I just had this pot rack installed and it looks great in my small kitchen. It's sturdy and functional. The finish is matte black with chrome grid, hooks and mounting hardware (all the hardware needed is included... even the ceiling hooks which are not included with some racks). The description here at amazon doesn't say how much weight it can hold. It's made by Rogar and you can get extra hooks at their website. For the price this one can't be beat... I even got it with free shipping from Target. I recommend it to anyone with limited cabinet space
cool carafe. I love this carafe - it is perfect for making flavored water with sliced lemons, limes & oranges. The narrow neck means that the fruit won't fall into your glass while you are pouring and the fruit staying put also means it can steep in the water longer...YU
Sturdy!. These cups are larger than they appear!  And very strong and sturdy - a thick ceramic.  I use them every day to microwave eggs, etc.
Cookie Cutter(s). I ordered various cookie cutter sizes and shapes.  I was pleased with them all.  They were shipped quickly and packaged carefully
it really works. Over the years I've tried a good dozen humidifiers.  Worries about bacteria, difficulty in filling up, and difficulty in operation led me to trash them all.I now have two U7142 Himidifiers.  The control system is extraordinary; you can set desired humidity, fan speed, and time to run.  There is  preheater(to 40C) that helps kill the bad stuff and use of silver(don't understand it but assume it works.) to kill more bad stuff.Liked the first so much I bought a second
Great color!. The color of these is much stronger in real life than in the photo, they are bright and colorful. The middle stripe is actually pretty green.  We've only been using them for a few weeks, but no complaints
Great transitional high chair. We got this for our daughter at 17 mos. We have it at our counter so she can use this chair instead of climbing up on our bar stools. She still needs to be supervised but it is alot safer and more stable than anything else we could find.
Fabulous with warm water bath!. Like the other reviewers, it would be nice if the plastic was metal...but I love this little thing!  I usually have tons of honey everywhere.  Just put a little hot water in the base, let sit for a few minutes and it pours out great!  So easy that even my little kids can use it without making too much mess
Great scrambled eggs. I do not have this specific product but have owned another like it for many years(10+).This product, and others like it, will mix light mixtures.E.g., they do a superb job of scrambling eggs, especially for omelets, by entrenching the eggs with air to make a very fluffy egg mixture in half the time it takes to 'fork' them.  Nothing I've found, short of using a mixer, will produce as smooth an egg mixture as quickly.It will not handle anything much heavier than eggs, however.(the 'spring' will bend preventing the agitation one normally gets with lighter mixtures)Immersion in warm/hot water as soon as the mixing is finished makes cleaning it very easy, however it cleans up in a dishwasher even if substance has dried on it.Do not leave it sitting in water. It will rust.Do not use it in/on a non-stick pan. It will scratch it.I give it four stars because it is nearly foolproof for what it is designed to do but have not used this specific item and it has a relatively limited use.
Tiny washer. I gave this to my daughter because she cannot have a regular washer in her apartment.  I didn't think too much of it at first but she wanted it.  All I can say is she loves it!  She even washes jeans in this machine.
Great stir fry!. My girlfriend and I absolutely love a good stir-fry. Beef, chicken, seafood, it doesn't matter. We eat it all. This pan does a great job at cooking and browning the vegetables perfectly
Excellent!. Very happy with this item, I thought it was 12x12 but it was actually 8.5x11.  But it's ok though!  Beautiful colors and great thickness!
cookware. This is the best cookware I have ever used, my boyfriend bought the set and now i wan to buy one. It did intices me into buy the 3 Quart sauce pan
very handy. Inexpensive and very handy to have. Makes laundry so much simpler and less of a hassle to do when i finally get around to it. I have an elevator in my building so this makes laundry super fast and easy since it's already sorted and it makes getting it down to the laundry room a cinch
Difficult to find elsewhere. Plenty of plain Jane Corelle sets available outside but the colored and patterned ones are difficult to find. Great price at Amazon too. Can't be beat. If only these were stovetop safe. But that's asking for too much.
I like this so much I have two. I do a lot of baking from scratch and I liked this product so much that I have both a 2-cup and 1-cup version of this product.I have not found this product to be difficult to use or to clean.  You do need to slide it completely apart to clean it, but that only takes a second.  I do wash mine by hand but that is only because they are used so frequently.  I am certain that they would clean fine in the dishwasher once the sleeve was disconnected from the cylinder.I would recommend this product to anyone that is a frequent baker.
Good value/price. Just tested this mixer a few days ago by making my usually hand-kneaded whole wheat bread recipe. It did the job well enough, although it was a bit wobbly up top. The motor did not get hot, so that's a good sign. I certainly can't complain since it is much better priced and has a much better warranty than it's competition.The color is more of a cranberry pinkish-red, and not the nice vibrant red shown in the pictures.
Best put together furniture I have ever bought. I have bought many pieces in the past. And I have always had trouble with things matching up or the directions not being clear. My husband and I bought 4 pieces from this collection on Sunday. It was the eaisest I have ever put together. All the pieces and parts fit pefectly and they actually came with extra hardware. It only took about an hour and a half to put together both end tables and the coffee table. Would buy more of this product
I use this more than any other baking dish!. Oh my goodness, I can't say enough great things about this item!  I own a 2 qt, 11 X 8.5 inch dish, but decided to review this product since I couldn't find my exact product.This is a perfect size for side dishes, a small roast chicken, or even a quick batch of brownies.  I love that this dish can go from oven to table and look fantastic.  The finish is extremely durable - and surprising non-stick!  Although it isn't described as a non-stick finish, even baked-on cheese lifts very easily.The finish is also extremely durable.  After constant use, my baker still has no cut marks or cracks.  It remains a gorgeous deep blue color with a smooth surface.I highly and heartily recommend this product
Just what I wanted. Was looking for a crockpot small enough to cook one meal for two.  I have used this one for soups, and stews and it works perfectly.  It is a great time saver and the price is right.
Cats love it. It took them a couple of days of sniffing before they tried it, but once they tried it they loved it. The only problem with it is that it leaves little cardboard bits around that they scratched off and I have to vacuum it up
These are great knives. I bought this knife and block set as a Christmas gift for my wife. She loves it.  Our only disappointment was that the block was a different style than that shown on Amazon or, for that matter, on the box it arrived in.  The picture showed a block with six slots for steak knives.  The block we got is the one now shown in the Amazon add.  Apparently Henckel made a change in their set about the same time I ordered it.  We can live with the substitution though as the knive set is now selling for $50 more than what I paid for it in December 03.  I would have bought the set regardless of the block design but the steak knive slots was a nice feature that appealed to me. The knives are well crafted, have a great feel, extremely sharp and we love them.  There were two extra slots in the block that accomodated another Henckel knife we already owned and one other. We also love the selection of knives, especially the paring knife and small serrated knife. Some other reviewers have mentioned scratches or uneven sharpening but we've not noticed either of these conditions
Very pleased. No more rubber seals!!! Lid fits tight, gauge is easly read and cooker is relatively light for its size, and its made in the USA proudly
Mini-blind. The color of the item enlivened my office and is just right. Delivery was very prompt
Delighted!. We tried our new Cuisinart waffle iron for the first time a few days ago.  I loved the results:  perfect level of browning, just the right size for breakfast at home (this isn't a Belgian waffle maker), and complete ease of cleanup.  This thing is tiny and chic -- and easy to store in a small kitchen.I would agree that spraying the iron with cooking spray is critical before your first one, however:  we made the same mistake and had to scrape out the first ruined one, square by square.Thumbs up to the easy and versatile recipes included.  We'll be using this at least once a week
Son is happy. My son is a HUGE Star Wars fan so when I found these I was very happy. They look wonderful hanging in his room. We bought the whole set. Sheets, comforter, pillows etc. The only thing is in the description it says "Star Wars Galactic Heroes Unlined Drape" so I assumed the package included only one drape so I bought 2 packs. Well when the package came there were 2 drapes in each package. No biggie though. My kid is happy and that is all that matters
Classy &amp; Durable. I work in an assisted living facility and we use Fiestaware in the Alzheimer's area.  These dinner plates are great because you have room for a main dish and two side dishes as well as a dinner roll.  With being used in an Alzheimer's area, these plates are occassionally abused.  I have seen the accidently dropped and I have seem the purposely pushed off of the table.  In either case, the plate didn't break.  Though they were a little pricey (and we even get a deal because we buy in large quantities), they are worth it.  Ours seem to last forever.  They get used for all 3 meals, plus snacks.  And, if we need it, these plates have double and mini serving platters
silicone baking mat. I absolutely love this product.  It is very easy to use and clean. Food wont stick to the pan any longer, which makes my life so much easier
Kitchenaid Clad 10-Inch Covered Everything Pan. There isn't a lot to say about this, other than this pan demonstrates the Kitchenaid high quality that one would expect from Kitchenaid.  It's extremely well made and of very high quality
a tried and true classic. Fiestaware ROCKS!  The turquoise place setting is beautiful...It is much brighter than the pictures on amazon.com...Fiestaware is functional, calssic and fun- I love to mix and match the colors and the 5 piece place settings are great for this.  I highly recommend mixing and matching Fiestaware. I mix up colors that you wouldn't normally expect to go together and they usually look great
Love it!. I bought this product to tackle the worst cleaning job in my home.....the bathtub tile.  The Scumbuster made quick and easy work of this job, and makes it easier to stay on top of keeping it sparkling clean.  Wish I'd gotten this a long time ago
Safe and fun!. This is a big hit with my kids!  We've had it a couple of days and made numerous batches with it.  The ice is a little chunky, not snowlike, using regular ice cubes from our automatic icemaker.  The top is a bit hard to push down (to shave the ice) so our kids can't do it themselves.  I see that as a good thing!  Ours did not come with syrups but we ordered some directly from Rival.  Beware - their service is very slow, don't order syrups with them if you need them right away; I think ours took several weeks to arrive.
Works Great. We bought stainless steel appliances for the kitchen, and I was worried about keeping them clean.  (I am lucky my wife does it.)  Anyway, she asked me to track down some cleaner/polish.  I found the Cerama Bryte and she loves it and the appliances keep looking brand new
Keeps my Global knives fiendishly sharp. This is a steel made expressly for Global's Cremova 18 and Molybdenum/Vanadium stainless steel blades which is harder than the average German stainless steel.  Together with the Shikansen sharpener, it keeps my knives as sharp as the day I bought them with minimal effort.  It's expensive, but a good investment
Pleased with my purchase. I LOVE the new mixer! I had an older model Artisan from Kitchen Aid and it was fantastic.  It finally started making the "I'm dying" noises, so it was time for a new one. I purchased the Professional 600 series based off the brand and the fact that there was an awesome sale going on.  It arrived at my house packaged well. Easy to assemble (you just have to put the bowl on it) :). I broke it in by making 7 dozen white chocolate chip/macadamia nut cookies.  It whipped them up like there was nothing in the mixer! So, I'm very pleased.Cons: The attachments seem kind of chintzy.  The finish on the flat beater and dough hook were marred, a little scratched and had some dull places on it.  I'd expect the attachments to be a little more heavy duty given this is the "PRO" series and the price that is charged for it.  Also, I miss the lift up head that is a feature on the Artisan. I understand why this model has the lift bowl, but it'll take some getting used to.As far as mixer life goes...only time will tell.Overall, I think it's an excellent purchase for the $290.00 I spent on it.  I would not pay the standard price of near $500.  If it came down to it, I'd buy another one if it was on sale.
Great value. Only downside, it takes a few extra minutes of baking time due to the light color. Otherwise, just apply a little oil and it releases the baked goods better than the so called "Nonstick" pans that I have, for less than half the price. Hope this helps
Jura-Capresso S9 Avantgard. This machine is a coffee lover's dream, and allows you to customize and brew coffee exactly the way you like it. The brewed coffee and steamed milk are always nice and hot too!  The machine is top quality, and also keeps your cups warm on top.  Its elegance will grace any home or office, and make any owner proud.Richard Vaughan, Jacksonville, F
great machine, recipes can use some work. I've had one of these for 2 months now and I really like it.  I'm not at all an experienced baker, but even I can make great bread using this breadmaker.There are however a couple things to know before buying one:1. Some of the recipes are just...wrong.  I make the standard white bread recipe they offer with 100% success.  No problems, it always comes out great.  However when I tried to make their whole wheat bread and sourdough bread, carefully measured out according to their recipes, they both ended in disaster the first time.  I had to discard both batches because they were flakey, grainy mess.  Reason?  Not enough liquid, in fact, not NEAR enough liquid.  I've since learned to adjust those recipes and they turn out great, but dang, I would have expected those to be better tested before they were published.2. If you intend to use the packaged mixes, the bread machine is not at all cost-effective.  This was kind of a surprise to me, and a dissappointment, but it's true.  If for example you go to the supermarket and buy one of the packaged bread mixes, you'll pay as much or more for the mix then it would cost to just go to your local baker and buy a fresh loaf.  Same thing with the sweets, muffins, etc.  So instead be prepared to keep a cupboard filled to the brim with various baking supplies
No smell, no smoke. I haven't experienced either of the issues expressed here, so that's good. I have found that this pan gets very hot very quickly, so you should have your food ready and watch it somewhat closely...all in all, I'm happy enough with this pan that I'm purchasing a whole calphalon hard anodized set
Great price for a professional quality pot. A very well built 16 qt stock pot.  Solid cast stainless steel handles. Thick clad aluminium pad extend to the edge of the bottom for proper heat distribution. Body material is thick, not as thick as some of the $300 stock pots, but sturdy enough for any use. Top lip of pot has rolled edge making it stiffer to resist distortion from heavy use. The thick lid is well made to withstand heavy use.  I gave it the twist test with my hands, but did not budge it a bit.  It is nothing like a good pot with a distorted flimsy lid that would not fit properly.  The best of all is the price, for $48, plus free shipping, and the promotional discount, it cost me $39 dollars.  Didn't bring out my sheet stock micrometer to measure it against my All Clad 12 qt stock pot, but for that price I doubted I can find better.It is made in China and by the quality of hollow cast stainless steel handles, the squareness of the lid and pot forming, the exterior polishing work, and the large rivets installation I woud think that it is made by one of China's heavy industrial manufacturing factory, the quailty comparable to any famous brand costing many times more.10/17/05 An update after I have the chance to use this stockpot. Getting to love this stockpot more each time I use it in a different way. I compared this stockpot with my All Clad Copper Core 8 quart stockpot in my slow cooking needs, and this pot won hands down. The one thing that I notice was when using low heat the water boiled with bubbles randomly on the whole bottom surface, while I can see a distinct ring of bubbles from the All Clad Copper Core bottom above the gas range. After placing the meat in I turned down the heat to a point that I did not see any steam coming out of the lid, but the content was still boiling inside. The soup level hardly went down any after 12 hours of simmering. Stewed 12 pounds of beef tendon in this pot with same excellent result, although I check it regularly at the beginning I did not find anything sticking to the bottom and didn't bother to disturb the stew for the rest of the 4 hours. I did not have the same luxury for my more expensive pot.Dug up my material thickness gage and check the material, the heavy lid material is 1 mm thick and is the same as the All Clad, but heavier with the large cast stainless steel handle. The single layer stockpot body is 0.8 mm and the 5 layered All Clad Copper Core is 2 mm. The lid is a bit loose and I can slide it laterally about 3 mm, while the All Clad lid fit tight with no movement. My only disappointment is that I cannot use either of these pots on the induction range
spice rack. finally found the spice rack that works for me so good in fact that I bought another one
wow. This cleaner is easy to assemble, really easy to use, and does a great cleaning job!!!  I can not believe what actually came out of my carpet!!  I am also one of those people who do not allow shoes in the house, the kids must use a wipe to clean their feet, if they are barefoot, before they enter the home.  I know I am a little obsessive, but that certainly did not keep my carpets clean, this will!
Great pan. What can you really say about a frying pan?  This is my first Cast Iron Skillet.  It's TRUE that it becomes nonstick the more you use (season) it.  13 inches is huge for a frying pan and it's very VERY heavy.  I've almost punched a hold in my backsplash a few times while trying to agitate the food.  I'm a firm believer in "you get what you pay for".  Cooking with Cast Iron is the exception.  This one pan has replaced my collection of Anodized Aluminum pans.  Wish I knew about Cast Iron before spending the dough.
Great pressure cooker!. My son asked for a pressure cooker for Christmas last year, and after a lot of research, this is the one I bought.  I highly recommend this item!  My son uses it at least 4 times a week, and loves it!  I also bought him a rice cooker and returned it as he says he doesn't need any other cooking device because this does it all
Great set of knives. We purchased this set of knives about two months ago and we are extremely satisfied with it. We compared this set with the pro series and some Wusthof's and picked these based on the feel and the price.The balance of these knives are perfect and the handle is very sturdy. The addition of the santoku knife is great and works very well.Overall, I am extremely satisfied
Instant Lemon Juice!. My sister gave me this handy gadget for quickly and easily juicing lemons as a birthday gift.  It seemed strange at first, but after I used it the first time, I declared it the greatest invention since the mandoline v-slicer for vegatables!  It's so simple - you just cut the lemon in half and squeeze.  In seconds, you have a whole cup of juice sans seeds and pulp.  I've just learned that it comes in lime and orange sizes as well... I might just have to order that orange juicer for my morning squeeze.
Keeps it hot. My wife really loves this coffee pot. It keeps the coffee hot for the entire evening
Gizmo can opener-almost as good as it seemed. Very handy.  I found it easier not to mount.  I just leave it on the counter next to the plug and plug it in when necessary.  Only fault - the magnet is so strong that sometimes when removing the can the magnet draws the front part of the device into the can.But still a good deal.  However, I liked my Black and Decker cordless better
BonJour La Fromagerie Boxed Cheese Knife Set. This is an excellent price for the quality of the merchandise, a terific product for the hard to buy perso
Great. We decided that it may be less expensive to use more localized heat source for the common areas of our home. I can't say if my energy bills will be less but I'm very impressed with this unit's ability to heat. It keeps our living/kitchen area perfectly warm without using the gas furnace. I'd give it a 5 star rating but it makes an annoying ticking noise. You only notice it when it's very quiet but it does get annoying
Smaller than advertised. These mugs hold 16 ounces if filled to the brim, rather than the advertised 18 ounces. It is irksome, because I bought a set of these to replace an old set of 18 ounce Gibson ceramic mugs that we use for everything from cereal to soup. The Fiesta mugs are well made, colorful, and easy to handle. I will keep them because the Gibson mugs don't seem to be made anymore. I would rate the mugs 5 stars, but my huband is going to gripe about the smaller size. Sigh
MULTIPLE USE BOWL. THIS 2 QT BOWL HAS MANY USES . I USE IT FOR MIXING , SERVING AND BAKING.  IT IS WONDERFUL FOR MACARONI AND CHEESE , ALSO HAVE DONE  COBBLERS .   I HAVE 6 DIFFERENT COLORS . ONCE YOU GET ONE YOU WILL HAVE TO  GET ANOTHER AND ANOTHER
Excellent. Great Product for the price.  Paid 29.99 for a king sized waterproof mattress pad.  Hard to find one for that price in the stores with such a high level of quality.  I am extremely pleased with my purchase
Great all-purpose glass. Although I have Riedel Cab and Pinot glasses, they must be washed by hand so I usually use them only for great wine or for guests. The gourmet glass fits easily in the diishwasher, stores easily in any cupboard and delivers good taste, especially for whites, in a convenient manner. As an "everyday" glass, it has no peer
cake set. Not quit what was in the picture but still pleased with the purchase
SIMPLY THE BEST. This Mission Folding Bookcase is simply the best. Although I wanted a black bookcase but the natural is also great and it took me about 5 minutes to put it up since no assembly was needed.
cleaner floors more time for me. This little robot is great! I love that there are compartments to keep the clean and dirty water seperate. Also, the robot dries the floor as it cleans so no worries about traffic through the room when cleaning. I highly recommend!
Great Product. I have found this item to be very helpful. I only have 1 arm and dust pans are not an option , now when I spill something I can clean it up on my own
It's a pretty good vacuum. It costs $37.80. What can you expect? A lot, as it turns out.For the price and the size, this Dirt Devil Power Stick packs a lot of punch. It has a small nozzle width, which allows it to fit in some tight spaces, but would make this a frustrating vacuum for anyone who has to clean a whole house. Apartments and dorm rooms are clearly the sweet spot.It does a good job picking up the usual visible detritus, like hair, although like most vacuums you sometimes have to make a couple sweeps. It sucks with a decent amount of power -- it doesn't exactly feel like my parents' old Kirby, but it's no dustbuster either. I did not have the problem another reviewer referred to with the air outflow disturbing the dirt before it could be picked up -- if you extend the vacuum nearly horizontal with the floor, I noticed some dirt being kicked up, but on my machine the outflow is above the dust cup, out of the way.Where this machine shines is in picking up dust. My boyfriend has allergies, and we are impressed. So much dust comes out of our floor into the vacuum -- I recommend emptying the cup into the trash outside, since an absolutely stunning amount of dust comes off the filter. Far better there than into our lungs.The dust cup is small, and though we vacuum frequently and have a small apartment, it often takes at least one trip outside to the trash to complete our cleaning. This is a drawback, but the slim design in turn makes the vacuum very easy to store.It is noisy, but again, not as noisy as my parents' Kirby. I wear my iPod when I clean: then I can barely hear it (and vacuuming becomes, well, kind of fun)
Fiesta is great!. I bought 6 sets of 4 piece place settings for less than $100.  How can you beat that for Fiesta ware
KitchenAid Professional Vegetable Cleaver. A well balanced and sharpe knife right out of the package.  I find myself picking this knife up first more and more.  It keeps a sharpe edge much longer than some of the more expensive knives I have and feels just right in my hand.  Another KitchenAid product well made.  The price was right also
As expected. Performed as excellent as I thought it would! Does not hold odour or colour form foods and great for veggies, meats and the like.  Convenient for taking food from chopping mat to pan without any mess. Diffinitely a handy and useful convenience in the kitchen
good knife roll. I bought this because i was looking for a less bulky bag to carry my knives in. This roll does the job nicely. Its really good quality, with leather outside, and nylon and elastic insides, there even a flap in one end to keep the knife at the very end form being exposed when rolled. Good produc
Great laundry item. I looked at several other places and found this item to be the most useful. It is sturdy and the bags are heavy duty. Wheels are a plus
We love it. We have enjoyed using our White Mountain Ice Cream Freezer for 20 years, but the bucket finally wore out and would no longer hold water. So, we bought this new one, and we love it. I expect it to give us another 20 years of constant use. The ice cream is smooth, cold and incredibly good. I recommend it to anyone who wants a quality freezer that lasts
great for one towel. this rack is great to sit right in front of the sink. It works great
I like it. I have had no problems with this product.  I bought it for my baby grandaughter's room since we live in Colorado and it is very dry in the winter.  I like the blue night light because it is just enough light in her room to take a peek at her.I recommend it and it is very quite.
Size does matter. If you're a home barrista and you want to tamp your coffee this tamper works well. It's not too heavy and fits nicely in your hand, giving the tamped espresso that final spinning polish is not a problem either. It's not milled out of one piece of aluminum, I had to tighten the two pieces after about two weeks (from the spinning?). Make sure you get the right size. If your tamper is too small it's hard to exert the right amount of pressure without the grounds pushing their way up and making a mess. This is a good tamper for the price, no nonesense, no frills but does what it's supposed to
good inside grill. no complaints! needs to be used on large burner. Is hard to clean but that is the nature of cast iron
Kitchenaid food processor. It is everything I thought the food processor would be its quiet, chops well. Has two bowls large and small for different size chops and multi blades. Very easy to clean up
My juicer has worked fine. I've had my juicer now for about 3 years, and I haven't had any problems with it.  In fact, after having had several juicers, this one is my favorite in the price range.I also don't understand the customer service problems.  One of the rubber feet on the bottom split, and I called customer service.  A week later I had four new ones in the mail!Pros - much quieter than most juicers of its type.  As well, I did a side by side comparison with my buddie's Juiceman Juicer, and my yield was approximately 30% greater.Cons - as with any other similar juicer, cleaning it gets old.  That's probably the only think that keeps me from using it multiple times/day
Very Nice. Received item in a timely manner - very easy to put together - very good value for the money - found similar item in local store not as nice for more money
Great non stick skillet. First off I love the cuisinart cookware lines and also this pan. It only gets 4 stars because it cones without a lid. Now a lid would be used infrequently on this type of pan, but could come in useful from time to time.This pan makes a great 3 egg omelet which slides right out when done. Also good to saute small quantities of veggies. I pan fried a boneless ribeye in butter in it the other night, then made a nice pan sauce while the steak rested. Great for many single serving dishes.The pan heats quickly and evenly, so high heat is not needed on the stovetop. Although Cuisinart suggests metal utensils are OK, they should actually not be used in any non stick pan as aggressive use or slippage of the utensil could gouge the finish. Always use nylon and wood utensils. Wood spoons are cheap. I have been acquiring Cuisinart pans for about a year now. I have multiple non-stick ones and have no non stick coating damage on any of them with frequent use.Overall, great pan, great price
Mikasa Teaspoons. I bought some of these a couple of years ago and when I found these on Amazon I was thrilled. They are very high quality and look amazing after repeated washings in the dishwasher
Wusthof Knives. My daughter had these on her wedding registry and I knew she really wanted them. She loves them and I was impressed with how sharp they are and the way they feel in your hand. A really nice balance.
very nice knife. we already owned the 7-inch santoku knife, purchased locally from a kitchen retailer, and loved it.  we were a little hesitant at first since we've only ever had cheaper knives, but as soon as we felt it in our hands and tried the knife we were sold.  still, the 7-inch is a little big for small jobs, so we decided to get this 4-inch paring knife.  i coupled a gift certificate with an amazon.com kitchen coupon promotion and was able to get the 4-inch paring knife and the 8-inch bread knife for a very good price.  this should pretty much complete our knife set-- from my experience these three knives are versatile enough for almost any job.the 4-inch paring knife, specifically, is great for smaller jobs where the santoku would be awkward.  it's balanced perfectly, stays sharp, and since it's a single piece it cleans easily and you don't have to worry about the handle breaking.all in all, great knife, and highly recommended
I was pleasantly surprised. When we first got it I second guessed my decision to buy it. It was packaged nothing like I expected, so it looked like a very small dresser. When we took the wrapper off, what I realized was how well it shipped. Strong cardboard so nothing was damaged. All the parts were there with a little extra, just in case I guess. Me and my husband put it together. It took us about 1 1/2 hours. The end result was great... A M A Z I N G for the price!!! I've seen crappy ones for sale at a much higher price that someone else put together. I know how mine is put together and the company made it headache free
Such a handy little kitchen gadget, and so cheap everyone should have one. I gave my wife one in her stocking at Christmas. She loves it, and so do I. Great design, easy operation, comfortable, and cool looking. What more can I say
Cinnabar Fistaware Platter. great product in great condition just wish it qualified for the lower shipping cost - that keeps me from ordering mor
Awesome. These hangers are in better condition than I thought they would be in for the price. They are very sturdy.The service was great as well. Arrived promptly
Spiegelau's family resemblance to Riedel. The Spiegelau Authentis series is expanding into more varietal specific glass shapes.  The Bordeaux glasses share a number of similarities with the Riedel Vinum line's Bordeaux glasses, but with a slightly heavier, thicker glass than Vinum, but at a much lower cost.  Overall, a glass that shows off the cabernet / Bordeaux aromas well
First steak came out great!. Just tried out the new griddle. It's awesome! I made two juicy sirloin steaks on it. They did not stick and did not burn. Came out perfectly medium rare. The clean up was very easy. This is my first griddle; I'm glad I chose this one
My mom is happy. Whit this machine my mom is very happy when she made a cake, good choice, very nice look, it's too heavy but doesn't matter..
Love this!. I bought "The Extractor" after reading many reviews.... It was the right choice!  I did not find it to be too heavy, maybe when it is it's fullest but not normally.  I get excellent results, at least as good as the truck guys with the wand cleaner.  Plus, it dries much faster than those cleaners.  It takes about one day with towels down plus one night with the towels removed.  The only thing better is when you have the professional cleaners who use the ROTO-VAC system, that is way way better than the wand, and even still, I can get my carpets that clean with "The Extractor".  As long as I take my time and make several passes, as you are supposed to do anyway, it is almost just as clean and dries in about the same amount of time.  I have used it about three times a year for 4 years, each time for an entire day, and it is quite a workhorse.  Even my husband thinks that buying this unit was a great idea and is very glad we have it!  I definitely recommend this unit
Great Cookie Cutters. My sister is having a baby so my mother and I decided to make cookie favors.  We used these cookie cutters to make the cookies.  They were easy to use, and the cookies were a hit at the party.  I highly recommend them
5star anon. this is better and cheaper than any george foreman grill,... for under forty dollars you get removable grills and a timer,... with george's grills you would pay a lot more
Great Service. My wok came on time and came with a little extra free stuff.  This is a great company to order from and they even sent me an email with the instructions on how to season my wok.  I can't wait to use it.  I give them 100 and will order from them again.
wonderful. these are the coolest little bowls I've ever seen.  I bought them for my mom for Christmas last year, and they are extrememly useful.  I got them in tangerine, which is a very bright, sunny, orange color.  We use them for everything from cereal to candy and nut dishes.  I highly recommend these bowls
Great bowls as expected. I began purchasing pieces of my dinnerware set several years ago, but never did get the vegetable bowls. This year hosting Easter I thought I should have two of these matching bowls, and I wasn't disappointed. My table was lovely, and the vegetables stayed warm throughout the meal since I had pre-warmed the bowl. I love the way these bowls retain heat. They are the perfect size for a family-size bag of frozen vegetables, with a little room left over. I've also used them for salads for dinner, since I always seem to throw lettuce around when stirring salads in smaller bowls, and they've worked for that as well. They'll fit one package of the pre-washed salad mix beautifully
Zojirushi EC-DAC50 Zutto 5-Cup Drip Coffeemaker. This coffeemaker was a bit more expensive than others available, but the engineering on this thing is just unbelievable.  My wife and I have been using it for about three months now, and we still marvel at how well it works, and the quality of the coffee it makes.  Some of the things we really like include the fact that we can take the removable resevoir to the sink to fill it rather than try to pour water into the machine with the possibility of spilling it; the conical container for the grounds is in the coffee pot, so it is very easy to empty the grounds, and coffee doesn't drip onto the heating plate after removing the pot; it uses a #2 paper filter, and I've found that a similarly sized Swiss Gold foil filter also works for those who don't want the paper filter to soak up the coffee bean oils (but you'll need to be a little more careful to hold the top on the pot when pouring the coffee if you don't remove the filter first; And I could go on with the good things.  I don't believe it has an automatic shutoff on the hotplate, or at least we haven't found one, but we don't use it anyway.  All in all, I think that using this is like driving a Lexus instead of a ten year old junker.  It's a neat piece of equipment, and it makes great coffee
Awesome Deal!. I'm buying a bed next month for my apartment and I love that all of the bed set is ready to go.  Short of decorative pillows my new mattress set is complete.  I still might have to buy some extra pillows because the set only comes with two, but what a great deal
Good cooking. My new Anolon Classic pan is wonderful for cooking almost anything you'd use a fry pan for.  Even heat and easy clean up make it a must for any kitchen
Zojirushi Auto Rice Cooker and Warmer. This product has met all my expectations.  It is easy to use, fast and reliable cooking and very easy cleanup.  The only advice I would give is to remember to empty the little container on the hinged side of the cooker, just below the lid hinge each time you use the cooker or it will fill up and spill over.I especially like the fact that the markings on the inside cooking container are in large print and clearly marked so it takes the guesswork out of measuring and hoping you've done it right!A good product I would recommend
Love it, except........... Fountain definitely works quietly and I've noticed my dog drinks much more water than he did before we bought this.  The only problem is that the filter tends to prevent the water from fully running down the ramp.  The water ends up spilling back into the reservoir.  I simply removed the water filter and now have no problems.  I use bottled water anyway and there's no need for me to filter the water again.  Saves me having to buy more filters, too!  I highly recommend for your pet's health.  (o
Scottish Scone/Cornbread Pan review. Nice and fast turnaround time.  Product as described.  Thank you
A complete reinvention of the pastry brush. The "bristles" of this brush are pretty odd; they're wide and flat and made of silicone. They really don't look very effective, and yet they're surprisingly useful. They trap liquids between them quite well. This means more of what you're brushing onto your food goes onto your food instead of dripping all over the place. Better than that, you won't have any more bristles getting shed into your food. I'd almost given up on traditional pastry brushes because of that phenomenon. You can also fit this brush into your dishwasher, which means--gasp!--it'll come clean! Normal pastry brushes can be such a total pain to clean that this alone makes this brush worth it.The handle--which screws apart from the head--is ergonomically shaped and pliable, making it easy on the hands. It's also hollow, allowing you to fill it with a basting liquid (or other liquid you want to brush onto something, such as melted butter for pastry), and a dripless valve in the head helps to keep the basting liquid from coming out when you don't want it to. Since the brush handle is translucent you can even see how much basting liquid you have left.Then there's the brush stand. Normally when using a pastry brush I have to lie it flat on a paper towel or plate or prop it awkwardly against something. With the Cuisipro brush you can just tuck it vertically into its stand. It has a nice, flat base to keep it upright, and it contains any mess, leaving you only the stand to wash--which can just go into the dishwasher with the rest of the brush parts.The brush separates into three parts--handle, head and stand--for washing. It would be pretty tough to wash thoroughly by hand, so it really helps to be able to put it through the dishwasher. You should tuck it into a utensil cage or something similar, however, because the head is small and potentially easy to lose.All in all, I have no reservations about recommending this pastry brush, and expect to get much use out of mine
REMIMD ME. THIS TIMER IS THE BEST! REMIMDS ME WHAT I HAVE COOKIN IN THE OVEN! I USED TO GO SIT ON MY PORCH AND WAIT FOR DINNER TO BAKE AND THEN FORGET ABOUT IT!! NOT ANYMORE
Sleep warm. Initially I thought there was something wrong with the warmer because it didn't heat up as quickly as I expected.  However, I've learned that if I turn it on about 1/2 hour or so before I go to bed, it is delightful.  Then I turn it off for sleeping.The heater doesn't get overly warm, even on the highest setting.  It makes it just right to remove the chill and add a bit of warmth to winter beds.  Even though my bedroom is quite cool during the winter, this does the job
Very comfortable sheets. The only problem is that they have shrunk so much that I'm not sure they will fit after one more washing...
Works fine. Delivered quickly.. the price was right... works just fine...  what more could you want
product works great!. I ordered this griddle for my Marine son stationed at 29 Palms CA and his new wife.  They received this product very fast--thank you!  They say it works great and have no problems at all with it (and my son loves pancakes so I know it is used a lot!) I would recommend it highly!  They have had no problems with uneven heating at all
Great Little heater. This has got to be the greatest little heater.  The only problem that I had was getting it to stop beeping when you change a setting.  Other than that , I really like the remote, and use this in my office at work.
Very nice set. I bought this set on Amazon for less than $180 plus free shipping. The dinnerware arrived much sooner than expected. The set is exactly what I expected it to be. All the pieces were there, and no damage at all. It is a very nice set for special occasion. Highly recommended to all
Simple to use timer. We were searching for a timer that would be easy to use for our elderly mother.  She is not the type to use one of the new electronic wonders.  This timer suited our needs perfectly
Love it, love it!!!!. Found this on Amazon at a great price plus free shipping...same pot sells for $150 + tax at department stores and other sites...This is the third pot I have from this line and I really enjoy cooking in them...I love the depth of the pots and the glass lids so I can monitor the food while it's cooking...simply the best!!!!!
Wonderful product. This versatile wine rack was like putting together Tinker Toys.  It was very sturdy and did exactly the job I needed.  I've had many compliments and am thrilled with the function and attractiveness
Global Sharpening Steel. My husband loves Global knives and will love this steel for Valentine's Day
Great design. I recently bought several wooden spoons and utensils.  Of all of them this seems to be the most functional.  I love the groove cut into the handle. The flat head design makes it easy to stir up the bottom of the pan or pot.  The wood used is very nice also, and it is a pretty spoon, especially for the price.  Only the olive wood is more attactive to me.  I would highly recommend this product.  It would be a great first wooded utensil if you had to choose just one. Great quality for the price
very effective when it is working. I don't mean to imply that Scat Mats are prone to malfunction, but they do need a good battery to work.  My Abysinian is a very smart cat, he can tell when the battery is dead and he is not at all fooled by the "dummy" mats offered by this company.Also, cats are smart and curious.  I have 6 of them and not a one will respect an area that has had its mat removed.  Consequently I have at least 7 of them around the house and am here shopping for more since the little buggers have figured out how to open doors to rooms from which they are banned.Note to self: Next home will have knobs and not lever door handles
Mini Vacuum. I love this vacuum for quick clean ups, of which I have many.  I have two dogs and a cat so there's always hair and litter somewhere.. this is a quick alternative to pulling out the big vacuum.It's very light weight, works well and has a nice long cord.The only downside is that unlike the big vacuum, there's no skinny attachment to get into the corners.. but it's a small downside, I just gab the dust buster or broom to compensate.I am able to vacuum more often (my "big" vacuum is really big and powerful and heavy..) and more quickly, so all in all it helps trendmously.
Diamond Machining Technology 12-Inch Ceramic Steel Does The Job. The Diamond Machining Technology 12-Inch Ceramic Steel works quite well to maintain an edge on all of my kitchen knives and wood carving knives and gouges once an edge has been established.  The edge it leaves is a smooth, polished surface which reduces the need for frequent abrasive sharpenings.Initially the somewhat lower the typical price was the motivating factor for this purchase but now that I have used it I am quite impressed by its quality construction, its ease of use and the fine edge it puts on my blades.  It did require some use to remove a powdery white residue from its firing but I have not found any other inconveniences with this cermac "steel."  I like it
Awesome!!!. Great selection in this slab!!I will not have to buy paper for a long long time!
Apple Time!. As a collector of apple items, I was happy to find this Norpro Red Apple Timer. It adds a touch of whimsy to my kitchen. I like to use it when cooking rice pilaf or garlic bread because I don't like the sound of the loud buzzer on my kitchen range. Norpro makes similar timers in other cute shapes: tomato, white egg, chicken, and chef
Perfect. Works great.  Bought for making candle tarts and it didn't let me down.  I would recommend this hot plate for any use
Duck with cherries, rabbit with kasha anyone?. In addition to all the beautiful words said about Le Creuset I want to add several things that I haven't seen anywhere else.        First, the oval shape in a pot this size is preferable because it's easier to lift (you hold the pot closer to your body). Also it fits better in the oven. A 5 pound duck fits perfectly in 9 1/2 quarter oval pot with just enough room left to place some cherries or oranges around.         Second, Le Creuset became some sort of a cult (I saw a couple of large french ovens on Emeril's show the other day.) and if you are into French, Cajun or just any rich cooking you just have to have at least one.         Third, the price seems to be high, but then I saw some fifty year old Le Creuset ovens being sold at the auction for at list 25% of what they would cost new now. Think of it as an investment.         Forth, about the colors. I was disappointed in the beginning to find out that they only sell this size in white or French blue. But when I received my blue oval oven I loved the color. The picture in the catalog doesn't do it justice. This large pot in red (my initial choice) would have looked like a fire truck. I since added a couple more blue pieces and for those who are interested in starting their tableware collection, this color coordinates beautifully with the Denby Reflex pattern
Saves me a bundle on vet bills. My 10 yr old Cocker Spaniel has had cronic ear infections for 4 yrs.  She has developed a resistance towards most antibiotics and steroids and all antibiotics make her stomach sour. Some antibiotics even make her ears worse! Nothing works completely, but Zymox seems to give her a reasonable comfort zone. Without Zymox, expensive total ear canal ablation surgery would be her only option. After expensive TPLO surgery and 4 years of ear infections, my finances have been exhausted. Zymox has given me better results than the vet, saves $150 a month vs the vet, and is well worth the daily ear cleaning and drops
Vacu Vin Crystal Wine Servers are the best. The Vacu Vin crystal wine servers are much better than using foils - no drops of wine on clothes or tablecloths!!
Works like a charm. My old corkscrew of 25 year use fell on the floor and broke.  I was so happy to find a model on Amazon which was almost an exact replacement for the old one, and shipping was so fast, I had it before I needed to open the next bottle of wine.  Works like a charm
Oster 4-Egg Poacher. Oster is the best egg poacher that I have discovered. All other egg poachers that I have tried or investigated have a plastic poaching tray. That group includes a model by the best known kitchen product manufacturer. I bought that product, tried it and returned it. The problem is that plastic trays insulate the bottom of the egg so that is undercooked even while the steam overcooks the top. The Oster metal poaching tray is the solution. If other products use the metal tray, maybe they are equal or better but I didn't find them
These towels are wonderful!. I ordered the Shadow Green and I love the soft green color it is beautiful!  The towels are thick, abosorbent and luxurious feeling
Great litle sweeper!. I have had this sweeper for about a month & used it several times; it is handy between vacuums & great for touch-ups on my carpet. But I especially like it on my cermaic tile kitchen floor.  It grabs everything & is easy to empty. No complaints yet
Why did I wait so long. My sister has owened an Aroma for years and I'd always been impress with the quality of espresso and capucino she could make at home.  And one morning, I just decided that I deserved the best coffee too and ordered my own.  I picked the chrome model which complements my other chrome appliances in my kitchen.  It's a robust and simple piece of machinery that produces an amazing espresso.  The extraction time is small, the crema is thick and their patented gizmo they use to foam milk is fool-proof.  Just stick it in an wait a few seconds and you get the best foam
WOW! I can let my son crawl on my HW floors now!. This unit is very nice looking and easy to move around.  The vacuum function works very well also.  When I first started using the wet vac function, I thought it wasn't working because it left the floor so dry! But then when I looked carefully at the clear plastic at the base of the vacuum, I saw the water being sucked through it as I passed it back and forth. Moreover, I KNEW it was working once I looked in the dirty water tank!  It was in there and it was in fact very dirty! Also makes a good wet vac - the other day a big container of water spilled on my floor and I panicked until I realized I had this unit and when I slowly passed it over the puddle it sucked the whole thing right up effortlessly. I have two minor complaint and one major complaint (hence the 4 stars instead of 5). Minor complaints: you do need to pass over visible dirty spots a few times and you need to scrub anything caked on. But again, minor complaint since it takes second just to go back and forth a few times.  Second my unit has a glitch sometimes it seems - hard to explain but sometimes it will just make a big suction sound and spit out a lot of water, so I have to shut it off and restart it, but again it just sucks the water right back up and I'm good to go. MY MAJOR COMPLAINT is that there is this small (removable) filter that sits over the tank that holds the dirty water, and after the first use alone, the darn thing STINKS of mold. Apparantly it stays wet when the water passes through it somehow, and when you use the unit somehow air passes through it so when the unit is on, you get this moldy smell blown at you. I tried to wash this filter and dry it out, but this is not curing the problem. I don't even know where to get these filters yet, hope they aren't too expensive as the only solution may be to constantly replace them if I can't take the smell. Otherwise I am highly satisfied with this product, and the price is outrageous
Sea Mist Fiestaware dishes are wonderful!. I love these dishes.  They are lead-free and you can do so much with them because they are a solid color.  I liked the sea mist color even more when I saw the actual dishes--it is very soothing to the eye, and I don't think that I will get tired of it as I might with one of the brighter or darker colors.
Another Great Apple Product. Delighted with them. An Franciscan Apple collectors delight. Nice air tight lids.
I'm happy. I'm happy with the cereal dispenser. I'ts easy for my children to use.  They love being able to do it themselves.  I love not having to pick up all the cereal they use to spill out of the box. They are less likely to waste cereal also because they have better control over the amount they get. Yes, it crunches a little cereal, but for me, the pros far outweigh the cons.
Brand56. I love this fan. it is perfect. I don't know what the others are talking about, but this fan is quieter than any fan I have ever heard. And it efficiency is inpeccabl
great little space heater at a great price. I paid $15-20 more for this heater, so when my other one started making strange noises, I was glad to replace it at Amazon's place.  Not really enough to fully heat a room, it's more of an auxiliary heater, drafty places that need extra warmth.  I put it near my desk so that I am toast when I write.  Very cheap to operate and great on cool morns when you don't really want a heater, but something to break the chill.  Can adjust from 600 BTU-1500, without all the worry that electric heaters always give me
Not bad!. I purchased a PuR water cooler that uses 2 of these filters together.  So far I must say that the system works great.  The water is refreshing and I don't have intestinal cramping like I do with tap water.  This truely filters out enough detrimental cysts and chemicals to make water very safe and tolerable for people to drink.The only thing I don't like is how they are labelled, are all of these styles the "ultra" or not?Great product
Presto's Electric Skillet  tops the others!. Presto's Electric Skillet and Server is one of the best! I use electric skillets quite frequently in cooking I find that Presto's electric skillet cooks evenly, washes easily and resists scratches better than the other brands. Reasonably priced, it is a good deal for everyday cooking needs
Perfect Little Dehumidifier. I have a small bathroom with no windows.  We've had a problem with mold because of the poor ventilation.  I bought this little dehumidifier and it's dramatically helped.  It's so quiet I forget forget it's there.  Whenever the moisture catcher thing gets full, I pull it out and that's all I need to do to maintain it.  The mold problem is gone and I feel healthier because of it
Great color match. This bathmat is a perfect match to the towels.  It is a little larger than expected and is a bathmat not a bath rug, therefore there are no rubber grippers.The mat is exactly as pictured, the weave is slightly different on each side
Take it from my cat...this one is a MUST!. (This review co-written with the help of my cat)First my cat's point of view: I was very, very skeptical about using a self-cleaning litter box. I could imagine all the things that might go wrong - the electric "eye" might trigger at the wrong moment. I would not like that and I warned my owner that if this happened, there WOULD be consequences.I'm glad I took the chance and tried this. Although my owner really was very good about changing the cat box, it was always too stinky. No more....this thing truly is magic!It works very simply: Once I'm finished, the litter is cleaned and all waste is put in a box, ready and waiting to be disposed of. It is far more sanitary for both me and my human. When I need to use the box, I have the feeling I am stepping into clean, fresh litter. This is everything I expected -and more.Oh - my human wants me to note that this has lasted for 3 years and is still going strong and that it is a "great value" . Okay, done.ME: What more can I add?
Great little pan. This is a great little pan to make eggs on a weekday morning.
I love it. Totally great, makes baking so much easier. The only thing bad I have to comment on is, when I put it at higher speeds, it starts to make and funny grinding sound and shake. Don't know if that's normal
Metal cookie cutters on a storage ring!. What's not to love?  Fun Halloween shapes, good size for cookies with kids -- not too big or two small.  Easily recognizable shapes.  Metal, so they cut well.  And they come on a ring, so you can keep the organized!  I'm even adding some of my other cutters to this handy ring
Sea Mist Fiestaware dishes are wonderful!. I love these dishes.  They are lead-free and you can do so much with them because they are a solid color.  I liked the sea mist color even more when I saw the actual dishes--it is very soothing to the eye, and I don't think that I will get tired of it as I might with one of the brighter or darker colors.
Love it! Love it! Love it!. I was so happy with my first L'equip that I bought another one to have at work! It's awesome! I have the Other high-speed blender but this one runs circles around it. I use the Other one to chop up food scraps for the compost pile
Works Great, very happy, tought to clean. This meat tenderizer works very well.  Quality contructuion, sharp blades, comfortable grip.  My one complaint is it is a bit tought to clean as  you cannot reach the inside tines.
Sleep warm. Initially I thought there was something wrong with the warmer because it didn't heat up as quickly as I expected.  However, I've learned that if I turn it on about 1/2 hour or so before I go to bed, it is delightful.  Then I turn it off for sleeping.The heater doesn't get overly warm, even on the highest setting.  It makes it just right to remove the chill and add a bit of warmth to winter beds.  Even though my bedroom is quite cool during the winter, this does the job
Love the Moka Express. I've been using this every day since I received it over a month ago.  It works perfectly.  It's more than paid for itself with the savings of not running out for a latte and it makes a great cup.I can't say enough good about it
Perfect Knives At A Reasonable Price!. These knives are perfect. They are razor sharp and heavy! But not too heavy. They have the classic handles which are very attractive in my kitchen. The blades are shinier than they appear in the pictures. Your best buy
Good for small shoes. This product is a real space saver in the closet. It fits sandals, loafers, and small dress shoes nicely.  You just have to position the shoes as you would in a shoe box.  Each pocket is about the size of an average shoe box
Dish Rack for a Lifetime of Use. I was very pleased to find a dish rack that I know will last me a long time. I had gone through so many of the rubber dish racks because they got stained or run down, but this one is awesome!  Not only does it look great  in most kitchens, but the stainless steel looks very classy. It fits quite  a few dishes and the utensil holder is also large enough to hold my  silverware with room to spare. I would recommend this to anyone who has had  difficulties with standard dish racks. It is definitely a bargain in the  long run
Bissell Featherweight. This is the best lightweight ever.  Great on ceremic floors.  Bissell backs their products and has a friendly customer service department.  The vacuum is small but mighty
Wouldn't change a thing. These are exactly what I wanted. Sturdy, heavy, high quality. I plan on buying many other things from MIU France.
Nice 13" pizza stone. The last reviewer gave this low marks because it wasn't the same as the square bricks they've had in their oven for years.  I understand that this isn't the same thing ... but I think it should be rated for what it is, a 13" pizza stone, not marked down for what it isn't.  This stone works fine.  It's not huge, but it's not tiny.  It can be used for homemade pizza, frozen pizza, bread, etc.  The accessories help complete the set and make it seem like a little nicer 'gift' but unless you plan to serve on the stone you may not really need the rack and the pizza cutter is just your basic pizza cutter.  Overall, I'd say for $9.99 this is a decent pizza stone and a decent gift set
Excellent Small Aquarium. I think this is an Excellent Small to Midrange Aquarium set.  I've been using this aquarium for 3 years now and am very pleased with it.It is an acrylic tank - not glass, so that's the first factor to consider.  The difference is that it will be lighter than a glass tank but acrylic can get all scratched up when you're trying to do stuff like scrape algae off - just be careful to not scrub so hard or use abrasive cleaners that can scratch or smoke up the acrylic.I think that 12 gallons is a perfect size for a small area.  You can have one larger fish in there, or several small ones.  The 12 gallon size gives you a good amount of space so you have more options on what kind and how many fish you want to keep in there.The hinged lid houses the filtration and lighting system while keeping the aquarium covered so that things don't inadvertently fall in, or critters getting out.  I think a good lid is very important for a fish tank, sometimes things drop in, sometimes critters try to get out...and if you want eels - they are notorious escape artists, so you really need to seal up the top of the tank.  This lid makes it easier to do so.The filtration system is one of the best that I've owned.  I can't believe how clean it keeps the tank.  I only change out the water every 6 months or so, but not because I can see gunk in the tank, but because I know that I should.  Actually, I think I'm supposed to clean it more...but the unit runs so perfectly, I just don't see the need...and if I don't see the need, I don't really do it...so the excellent filtration system can be a good or bad thing.  My tank is just always so crystal clear, it's wonderful to have such an easy tank to keep up.  People are always asking me how I keep my tank looking so clean and perfect, and it's great to know that I don't have to do anything at all!  lol, just make sure that the filtration system is plugged in.  Of course, I do have to clean the Eclipse carbon filter out every couple of months.  That does collect up quite a bit of "gunk".  I just rinse out all the gunk and put the cleaned filter back in.  After about 6 times of doing this, the filter gets pretty beat up, so I'll replace it.  The replacement cartridges are not expensive.The lighting is great and sufficient to light up the entire tank including some space around it.  It's cool to have it in a dark room and have this as the sole lighting.  It can act as a night light or whatnot.  After 3 years of daily use, I have not had to replace the bulb either.You have to supply your own gravel, plants, accessories, and of course - the fish.  I would highly recommend this aquarium.  It's a compact unit for being 12 gallons, the filtration system works perfectly, the light is great, and the panoramic view really showcases your fish well.  I have no complaints on this tank whatsoever and would recommend it to anyone
Solid wood desk and hutch. Although I am very pleased with my new desk and hutch, I am very unhappy with the way Amazon presented the hutch. When purchasing the desk, I was looking for a desk that was affordable but nice. I also needed some storage above the monitor. The hutch was perfect. However, Because of the way it was presented, I believed the desk also came with the hutch. It does not. The desk is an additional $100. I was very upset. I would have sent back the hutch, but I would have lost my original shipping as well as the shipping for returning it. Like I said the desk is beautiful and will last for a very long time. It is well put together and solid. The hutch looks nice with the desk and they are both quality, worth the money. I love the desk, but I am upset with Amazon's representation of the hutch. There needs to be some extra clear specification that the hutch is separate from the desk
Great for storing and finding toys. This storage shelf and bin set is great! Keeps the toys off the floor and even allows for a bit of organization. The kids can find toys easier and enjoy clean up time now. The only thing I wish this had was at least one shelf / level of bins that could fit books. But this one is just not built for books
Wok talk. I received the wok quickly.  Have used it several timesafter breaking it in and am thoroughly satisfied with it.
Furi Pro 11-Piece Ultra Set. Awesome product!! This set is the best of the best - all perfectly balanced stainless knives and fork with no crummy lightweight plastic handles. The knives slide into the rack just like butter. And to top it off, you won't be rooting around your drawer for the sharpener, it's on the rack.
Here's how to get a new plastic top. I love my Java Perk, but I loved it a lot more before it blew its top. Here's how I got a new top. I called 800-947-3744 and gave the nice lady there my mailing address and my credit card number. She charged me $4.86 and shipped a new top to me. (At least I think she did. I just got off the phone with her.)The 800 number is for Toastmaster/Salton, the people who contract to have the Java Brew MEP 10 made in China. Oh, the nice lady wants to know the number engraved on the very bottom of your pot, and when you bought it, how much you paid, and so forth. BUT she can live without that info. If you bought your percolator recently, I suspect your fragile plastic top will be covered by warranty
good, but an older model. The 285 and 785 offer the same height adjustability but with continuous variable speed rather than three speed settings.  The 285 is the next model of this fan, while the 785 is the "maximum air circulator" model and the one I have.  the 785 boasts a full lifetime warranty as opposed to the limited lifetime warranty of the 285.  I have been very pleased with my vornado purchase, and have found their customer service easy to reach via email
The healthiness of air pop with the ease of microwave. This is a great PopperPros:- as quick as microwave pop corn- the ability to control how much butter, oil, salt, etc. gets added- lower cost than microwave popcorn- most all kernels pop- the PowerCup Concentrators last 5-8 poppingsCons:- the PowerCup Concentrators are an additional cost(typically though Amazon sell a package of 8 for about $2.00)- sometimes the PowerCup Concentrators slip while popping
Cute and efficient. A compact and cute featured DeLonghi oil heater!  I bought it for 15 by 10 master bedroom with full bathroom and it is really efficient for southern Texas cold days (mid-30s at the lowest).  It has a small fan for immediate warming and the sound is not so noisy.  Warm wind comes out from one side of it and could be useful when outside temperature goes down quickly.Yes, the red foot switch needs firm pushing - I use my heel gently instead of my toe to press it, otherwise the switch for fan may not turn on correctly.  This could not be one of cons but one of the pros because the switch is intended not to turn on/off or be broken when you or little ones kick or hit the equipment by accident.  Anyway, the foot switch is a good news for those people who do not want to bent down to it
Huge Glass. I had ordered the smaller size first and then ordered this one. The glass works great. It really does not sweat so is great on your desk all day
ROOSTER  TEAKETTLE. Teakettle is really cute and price is less than you would think it would be - all in all - very good looking item besides being functional
only received one rack. the order was for two racks and i only received one, otherwise the product is great
WOW. This is the BEST! I am amazed at how effectively it removes the dead undercoat hair. My tempermental cats actually enjoy being groomed with the Bamboo comb. I wish I could give it 6 stars - it's worth every penny!
Yum Yum Yum. I love this thing--at work, we're not allowed to heat up "foods with great odor" such as fish, popcorn, etc.  I love grilled fish, seafood, lamb and all those other "offensive" foods that have a scent that linger, but can't bring them to work.  For Christmas, my sister bought me this thing, and voila!  I can zap my food in the containers in the morning, cover them up, and put them in the Ms. Bento--badda bing, hot lunch!  If you're looking for a bigger meal (Ms. Bento holds about one ricebowl of rice and 3/4 rice bowl of food on the top) this may not be for you--but if you're a light eater at lunch like me, this will work just fine.  YUMM
Big and fast!. As a former owner of a Presto Fry Daddy, and Grandaddy I expected more of the same high quality and got it! Not only is this the largest one to date, but the fastest. The oil is up to full temperature a full 2 or 3 minutes quicker then the other two, about 10 minutes total. Does a great job of cooking, just try not to overload it or it`ll foam over! Great quality and price, a best buy
Pan cover. This is just what I was looking for. Thanks again for Amazon.com. You are the best !
Wonder Washer a success!. We bought the Wonder Washer to use as a back up while sailing in the tropics.  It's proven to be worth it's weight in gold for us.  It does, however, require a little work to wring the clothes out by hand, but we mainly only use it for small items such as shorts and t-shirts, so not a problem
Wouldn't drink from anything else!. Have several different glasses from this collection.  Great style, easy to maintain (no dishwasher for these) and are more sturdy than they look
Excellent product with a flaw. . . The plastic top has no vents thereby producing rubbery, boiled tasting popcorn. Easily solved! I drilled about a dozen 1/8 inch holes in the top (bottom?) of the plastic bowl and voila! wonderful, crispy, crunchy popcorn.
Solid. Very rich color.  Very solid and deep... great for cereal.  May be too heavy for young kids.
Fun with Fiesta. I just started collecting Fiesta Ware and this yellow covered butter dish is the perfect color for a butter dish!  Looks great on my table (along with my red salt and papper shakers
Very Nice. This product is quite nice.Although, I do not personally use it my 15 yr old daughter loves it!I love the color and the quality. I want more! In a variety of colors for my other bedrooms.And a great price
I like it, some concers answered. I bought this vacuum after reading the reviews and looking at several models.I like:- The cord is super long.- It has good suction- Not any heavier than any other upright I have seen.- The canister is easy to remove and empty. You do have to make sure you have it IN the trashbag and not over or dust will fly..which is only normal when you think about it.- The apolstery brush has a rotating brush in it..very cool.- Every attachment fits on the vaccumWhat I don't like:- The side attachment hose is kind of short and it doesn't seem to have as much suction as the vacuum.For a few negative comments I have seen on this review:- Cheerios: there are settings to control how close to the floor the vacuum will vacuum. If you set it on base and expect to suck up cheerios, you need to think twice. You need to set it on one of the other 3 settings. There is even a setting called "High Pile" or something like that. I picked up tons of bird seeds, no problem.- Heavy vacuum. It's 20 pounds, that's the same for any other kind of vacuum in the same caliber.- Trouble getting the side hose back in: there is push button to probably tell the vacuum that the hose is in or out. You just have to know how to put it back in and then you're fine
beautiful and great quality. I have always had standard flatware for my everyday use, nothing too expensive but not the cheapy stuff either.  I had no idea what I was missing until I purchased this.  This set is not only unusual and attractive but it is really top quality which is evident in the appearance  and the heft/feel.  It has a beautiful shine and each piece is sturdy and heavy with good balance which you notice immediately when you pick them up.  The odd shape has no effect on the performance, the fork stabs well, the knife cuts well, and actually, the squared off spoons work as well if not better than the standard shaped spoon.  I am so pleased that I took the plunge and replaced my old silverware with this!  One word of warning, I purchased the "chest" with the wooden tray and both sets came with a reasonably busted up tray.  I have since glued it back in place (all the dividers were out of place and loose) but this is not a great quality item and isn't worth paying any extra for if you are thinking it is a bonus to receive this.  If you can do better not buying the flatware without the tray, do so and then go buy a good tray somewhere if you still need one
excellent product, highly recommend !!!!!. I absolutely love these potholders!!!!  I have four sets of them.  They are great as potholders but they also have other uses.  I place them under cutting boards to keep them from sliding on the counter when I am chopping.  I also use them to keep bowls firmly on the counter if I am whipping cream.  I also use them as trivets when placing hot pans on my counter top.My only caution regarding this product is that you need to be aware of the location of the hole in one corner of the potholder.  I didn't pay attention one day and got a nasty burn pulling a very hot pan out of the oven.  If you are a bit of a klutz, like me, best to keep 100% aloe in the house just in case you do what I did.  Repeated applications of aloe took the burn out of the fingertip in a few hours.  I was very fortunate.  I hope this doesn't happen to you.I highly recommend this product.
expensive but great!. this is my second fully automatic espresso machine; my first was saeco magic that was retired after it began to incessantly leak.  i knew that saeco and gaggia were the same company, and the saeco served me well for nearly 9 years with no service whatsoever (although it was a minor repair i found out later) but i wanted to get a newer, more attractive machine, so i spent time looking into this gaggia.i actually didn't purchase this machine here, but on ebay, but in the past year the price has gone done so you would do best to get it here.  the machine i bought on ebay was brand new, unopened (and at the same price they sell it here) and with factory warranty.  this is a beautiful piece of equipment, but if you need to save money, the gaggia titanium (without the SS suffix) is $200 cheaper and identical, just doesn't have the stainless steel side panels.i gave it only 4 stars as it exhibited "issues" just 3 days out of warranty; it appeared to have started leaking.  after a quick search into "authorized" repair centers and reading through the nightmares of some people, i found a local repair shop that was able to fix the issue in under a week.  apparently, a fitting for the steam boiler was malformed, causing it to leak.  the issue was fixed quickly (and for less than $100) and since then, the machine has been making dozens of cups of espresso a day!the espresso is rich and HOT (being able to set the temperature on this unit is a great thing that a LOT of units don't have) and cleanup is fairly simple.  i haven't had the "ventilate" issue that i have seen others write about here.  one annoying feature, is that the energy saving feature REQUIRES that you set a turn on/turn off time.  and every time the unit turns on, it uses some of the water in the tank to rinse the brew group.  normally, not a big issue, but since the water is drained into the pan beneath the unit, you DO have to remember to empty it.  while this unit is SO smart...it doesn't know when the pan is full (save for a pathetic little manual indicator) and if you aren't careful, you may end up with murky coffee water all over the place!  if you use your machine as often as i use mine (daily), you'll make a note to empty the drain pain every couple of days.occasionally, the machine will report that the dregdrawer (where the used grounds are deposited) is full, when it actually isn't.  best thing is to just empty it and replace the drawer...everything works fine.i didn't use the wild looking frothing accessory...the actual metal frother that you see on the front of the unit works wonderfully, is easy to clean, and best of all, since the unit has 2 boilers, there's no waiting between brewing espresso and steaming milk...it does dispense nice HOT water as well...and lastly...the grinder.  i know that some people have had issues with it not feeding the coffee properly; this is mainly when the machine is new.  once the oil from the beans have lubricated the unit, it is less of a problem.  although i found a tip online that said to remove the small cap over the grinder (just try not to stick your fingers in when it's on).  i did this to my unit, and have rarely had a problem since...all in all, a great unit.  expensive, but when you weigh it out, i've made over 1000 cups of espresso in this machine in the past year.  at starbucks, that would have been anywhere from $2500-4000...so it paid for itself in short order :
Size was perfect. I bought the trinket box as a gift for someone who collects ceramic boxes and she was delighted.  The lid is especially sweet.  Quality was excellent
great blender. This is a beautiful and very outstanding blender.  I love all the Delongi appliances.  This blender has several speeds and types of blending actions.  Will turn ice to snow in a matter of seconds.  Just like the old Osters did in the 60's.  I love this appliance.  Great buy for me
Beautiful!. What more can I say... this is a beautiful set.  We are using it in our bathroom because it is that pretty.  It would go in any room though
Quick, easy, and razor sharp. Got it for Christmas and have used it several times since.  It replaced a Chef's Choice sharpener I got 12 years ago and still use. I have a collection of high quality Henkel kitchen knives and this sharpener has them razor sharp with just a few passes. Definately a worthwhile purchase
Decent little coffeemaker. Cute little space-saving coffeemaker. Quick brewing and quiet, just right for the occasional coffee drinker. The decanter DOES dribble a little if you try to pour too quick--you kind of have to pour like you're at a little kids tea party--just a reflection of the tiny-sized decanter. Certainly worth its price, though
Finally Found. I was searcing all over for a TV stand that would look good and at a good price.  I finally found this one.  It was temporarily out of stock on the website.  I called 4 Targets near my house.  The employees were very helpful in telling me when they get the trucks in and told me to call back then.  I did a few days later and I went and picked one up.  Most stores only get one or two in a shipment.  I put it together in a half hour and it looks great.  I am very happy with it
Rival Snow Cone Maker. Rival has always made great kitchen products at affordable prices.  Their things last a long time if you take care of them.  This is an excellent product.  The kids love using it and have to get it out on those hot summer days when their friends come over.  It always brings out a lot of smiles and fun times.  Denfinitely worth the cost
great product for bakers. This is a super silicone mat - it is large, and the surface is very smooth - perfect for all sorts of dough.  Easy to clean and store - a great tool for the baker
Sunflower Yellow is Beautiful!. I collect both old and new Fiesta Ware and was thrilled to see the vibrant new Sunflower Yellow dinnerware.  The color is wonderful; much darker and more golden than the &quot;old&quot; yellow.  This bowl, particularly, is nice.  Because it is not too deep, your dinner guests can see your favorite dish; because it holds two quarts, there's plenty to serve.  Very lovely product that is easy to take care of
This Thing ROCKS. This thing brews great coffee, plus loose teas.  make sure your grounds are coarse though, otherwise they won't be easy to get out of the mesh.   Instead of my old press where i used to have to wait at home to brew then clean both the cup and the press, this is a two in one device, and i can just fill it and tke it on the road with me, and the coffee's still amazing.  and the whole thing is dishwasher SAFE!  yes!  if you like great coffee and don't have lots of time, buy this
Panasonic NC-EM40P 4.1-Quart Electric Thermo Pot. This Panasonic Thermo Pot is an absolute gem!  Not only does it hold a substantial amount of water, it heats it quietly and very quickly.  (The pot that I had before [it was a different brand] would make very loud noises when heating the water.)  The multiple water temperature option comes in handy for those in the household who need the higher temperature (i.e., for instant soup) or prefer their beverages extra hot.  I was pleasantly surprised to find that this pot is more compact and takes up less space on my counter than the 3 qt pot it replaced, in spite of the fact that it holds 4 quarts. I highly recommend this product
An absolute necessity !. This is an absolute necessity for Calphalon professional hard-anodized users!  Protects the cook like no hot-pad could
Sleek & Gorgeous!. I love this whole line. The White looks contemporary and matches everything. Perfect for entertaining any time of the year. Try one and you will end up getting the whole line!
Wonderful!!!. Wonderful set... also got the 12QT stockpot with this free... so very slickdeal :)Great nonstick coating, but you really must hand wash... but that is ok!!
good quality for the price. I chose this item over another similar & more expensive one, based on the reviews. I think they were accurate: for the money, this is a great buy! The rack is sturdy and nice-looking, light as a feather, and I love that I can drape delicate fabrics over it without worrying about snags as I would with a wooden one. I am disappointed however that rust has begun already at the screws. This limits how freely I can use it--ie, I can't just toss a white sheet over it to dry, since I'll worry about rust stains
Excellent service. I had a difficult time finding this item.  When I found it at last, I received excellent service in ordering and receiving the item
fiesta peacock 16pc place setting. the fiesta dinnerware was everything I hoped for. It was shipped in a timely fashon and came undamaged
Great pillow for side sleepers. I have tried all kinds of feather pillows and foam pillows but just could not get comfortable sleeping on my side.  While shopping for a new mattress, I came across the Simmons Beautyrest pillow.  What a difference!  It provides great support but is still soft and comfortable.  Now I don't toss and turn all night, and I actually get up earlier in the morning and feel rested for the first time in a long time.  I definitely recommend this pillow for people who sleep on their side and are looking for good support
great for toddlers. We bought this pad for our 2 year-old son's twin bed and it was so nice that we later purchased one for our Queen sized bed.  It is soft and doesn't crinkle and make noise like other pads we've had.  It also washes in the machine really well.  We've washed my son's once a week since we bought it (about 6 months) and it hasn't changed a bit, still appears to be in great condition.  Both the twin and the queen fit our mattresses well
Great product. I love this little board - especially the fact that it's bowl-shaped which keeps whatever I am chopping from flying all over the kitchen.  It's a beautiful addition to any gourmet's kitchen and a wonderful what-to give-for Christmas gift
Excellent Mini-griddle. I have had a lot of experience with griddles and they never cook right.  Presto is the only brand I like and this griddle cooks very well.  I make pancakes mainly and it cooks them eveny every time.  It is nice and small, which works well with my little kitchen.  I would recommend this to anyone...keeping in mind it is much smaller than your standard griddle
Great product. I don't usually get excited about kitchen tools, but I've been disappointed by the traditional potato masher.  This one works great, fast, and easy.  It's more finesse than elbow grease, and it's faster.  I especially love that we can make potatoes for two or three and mash them well in seconds
Best Coffee maker. Our office purchased this coffee maker two weeks ago and everyone has loved it. We have not had any of the problems regarding weak coffee. We fill it up for ten cups, grind the coffee (you just have to make sure you grind enough or use sufficient ground coffee). Only negative is, it is a pricey coffee maker, but a great one
Fabulous. I really love this whole line.  I made Cuban Sandwiches with mine and was really pleased with how they turnes out.  I am also big on the aesthetic look of my cookware along with functionality, and this line offers both aspects at an incredibly reasonable price
Very good Saute Pan. I am taking a culinary arts class here at school and found this saute pan very easy to use and clean. I used it everytime to cook meat and the meat came out delicious
Beautiful for Celebration. We purchased these flutes for our daughter and her fiance to use for the toast at their engagement dinner.  They are beautiful, and the price is about a third of the "Love" flutes offered by Waterford.  They are packaged in a lovely keepsake box so that they can be safely kept and used for celebrations for years.  These flutes will also display nicely.  The flutes arrived in two days with my Amazon Prime benefit
Super sharp-rockin' knife. Admittedly, I am a bit of a knife-buying nut.  I love kitchen knives and own chef's knives and santuko knives from Wusthof, Henckels, Kyocera and Furi.This Calphalon Katana 6-inch chef's knife is incredibly sharp and it feels really good in the hand balance-wise.  I like the way the handle is shaped, it is very comfortable and the bolster is ingenious.  I love the way it looks too!  For the price, I'd say you can't go wrong.I really like it a lot!  I have only had it for a few weeks though, butit seems to be of very good quality and hopefully we'll see how well it resharpens when the need arises.
VERY NICE PRODUCT. Very nice, easy to mount,(the plastic caps pop out).  We are very happy with this product
Nice teapot for any kitchen. Have been looking for a simple teapot that can withstand daily use.  I found this Cobalt Teapot and ordered it!  It looks good with any setting and holds quite a bit-enough for 4-5 cups of tea. Does not give tea an off-taste.  Handle gets a tad bit hot lower end, but not enough to cause a burn. This would make a very nice gift for any tea drinker
huggable for baby. I bought this pillow for my baby boy. He loves it. He hugs it to sleep and it is also a toy for him to toss around. I use it as a sitting support for him too. Overall I think it is a good buy considering the price
Mini Bow 5 - Good buy for a first tank if you have limited space. I have a few different "tiny" tanks and the Mini Bow is my favorite.  It comes in several different colors so they can fit into most any decor.They are somewhat limited (by size and filtration) in what can be kept in them.  They are suitable for a pair or trio of guppies (as long as you have another tank for any fry that may be born), a trio of killifish, a betta and a possibly a dwarf bristlenose, but nothing much more than that.  It is not suitable for goldfish because they get way to large for a tank of this size.It's nice to be able to buy a "kit" that includes basically everything but the gravel, heater, decorations and fish.  It's what I would call a "plug & play" system.I have to caution buyers that, if they intend to raise baby fish or snails in a tank like this, the filter will need to be replaced with a sponge filter.  The filter provided is fine for adult fish and snails, but anything tiny and without much fin-power could easily be sucked onto the bottom of the filter which would end its short life.  Having said that, the Mini-Bow 5 is a sweet little tank that just needs a few accompaniments to make a cute home for your little fish.It's really great for little kids because it comes in cool colors and is pretty self-contained so there aren't a lot of little parts that can be screwed up.  Filter cartridges are easy to replace.
WOW!!!!. TWELVE amps of power!!I said TWELVE AMPS!!! Handy. Light. Well designed. Simple. Attractive. Solidly built. If you have only owned a little dirt devil then you will NOT believe how awesome this little vac. is. GET IT!
Love the stock pot. I need a large stock pot for soup and chili's and this one worked great. I was able to make a quadruple recipe of chili for a crowd and it came out wonderful. This matches my cookware set which I love
Good product, Good Value. This is a significant improvement over the 750 model. The 750 model was not very well designed. The first one we purchased broke within 3 days because the blade came up and hit the plastic. We returned this. We got the 760 to replace that. The 760 has been redesigned to avoid this problem. For the same price as the 750, the 760 comes with one extra bowl,  juicer and egg whisk. Compared with others like the Cuisinart and we determined that this was much better constructed.
The little burner that could... I have no kitchen stove so I have been relying on this little champ for everything from tea to pasta (before South Beach Diet) to making eggs in the morning, etc. I have owned this unit for over 3 years and have NEVER ONCE had a problem with it. Awesome for a college student or a person with a tiny apartment such as mine. Also great for taking to work. It is a bit hard to clean and there is not too much area to touch to move it while it is still cooling down. Other than that, I highly recommend it. I am here today to buy the DOUBLE version and I can only hope that it performs as well as it's little sister. Enjoy!!! - Li
Nice Starter Aquarium. Has everything you need to get up and running in no time. Nice size to add a few small fish, and decorations. Only problem I see is that the opening has a very small area for you to put the fish food in, with out getting some into the filter. Otherwise, its made nicely, and is very sturdy
Hoover Flair. Fantastic!  I wore out my first and am on my second!  I use this product everyday.  It's light in weight, not at all cumbersome, yet is powerful and does a great job.  So easy to use and a real bargain.
It Works Great. After reading some of the previous reviews about shipping damage I almost didn't order it.  However, it arrived in great shape and the packing material was excellent.  Someone must have gotten Sanyo's attention on the quality of their packing material
Super Towel. I was a little worried when I bought this towel for my son,  because he is a very particular person, and only likes good things. Well, here's what he had to say:  "This is a great towel, and it is the best I've ever used". Here you go! He approves of it! I say: "Buy it with confidence"
Elegant Product. While it was bigger than we visualized from the description, it turned out to be perfect for our needs.  A previous banana tree/fruit basket was unstable when the basket was empty and it had a full bunch of bananas hanging from it.  This unit is very stable and also beautiful with it's dark bronze finish
GREAT GRILL. THIS IS PERFECT GRILL PARTICULARLY FOR A SINGLE PERSON  --  WITH A LITTLE PLANNING YOU CAN GET A ENTIRE MEAL TO COME OUT AT THE SAME TIME  -- ALMOST NO CLEANING, JUST A COUPLE OF EASY TO WIPE GRILL PLATES.  A GREAT IMPROVEMENT ON A GOOD PRODUC
Great glass for Port Lovers!. I was a little concerned after reading the reviews regarding the possible misrepresentation on the glasses being made in Austria by Riedel, but mine were machine made crystal made by Riedel in Austria.  Washed them and tried them out immediately on some recent 1997 vintage port and they were super.  Although the port was very young, the glasses really brought out the flavor in a side by side comparison.  Great for entertaining, and a super value
Best collar ever!. I disagree with the other review on this.  I purchased this for my cat since all the other collars were leaving huge bald spots around her neck and fraying from her scratching it.  I haven't had to adjust it at all and her hair is starting to grow back in the area where the other collars rubbed!  I am very pleased with this product and would recommend it to anyone with the same problem like my cat had.  My cat is an indoor/outdoor cat that uses a magnet to get in the cat door and I finally don't have to worry about adjusting it so tight that it rubs
Mario Batali Measuring Bowl Set. I love my bowl set but a little disappointed that there was no 1/3, 2/3 cup in the measurements
I bought mine in 1989. And they still look like new.  Now that I have a dishwasher and I want more I know where to get them
Highly Recommend. I love this pan. The size and shape of this pan makes it one of the most useful items in my kitchen. I love the convenience that it can go from cook top to oven.  I would have liked a helper handle because of the weight and size
Found replacement pedal!!. I've had my trash can for over a year and recently my husband stepped on the pedal and it broke off.  I read the reviews online at Amazon and several people had the same problem.  [...]I received my new pedal, replaced it and now it's good as new!!I still love my trash can as much as the first day I brought it home!
Taylor products are 5 star. This is our second Taylor wireless thermometer - the first one lasted for three years.  It works well, is easy to read and is nice-looking and compact.  Please be sure to use a lithium in the outside remote, particularly in a climate like ours during the past couple of weeks
Good filter. This is a nice filter because it is slim and tall and deep, taking full use of the depth of the frig while keeping it's footprint low and not hogging the whole shelf.  Hopefully it is doing what it is advertised to do.  It at least takes out the nasty chlorine taste.  Keep drinking that water
pots & pan cleaner. This product I love it, because it have no hasrh chemical.
Help for fat cats. This is a great product and has really helped our 9 year old cat who weighs in at about 14 pounds.  He started limping a while ago and wasn't up to playing very much.  He started to put on more pounds which put us in a no-win situation.  We started giving him the Cosequin and it really helped.  He is now limp-free and plays a lot more.  He really likes the flavor and has no problem eating it at all.  I'm thrilled with the price also because our vet was charging us $45 for the same package of capsules!  Thanks for a great product
Easy to use. The Dog Harness was easy to put on and adjust.  I am very satisfied
Very happy with my purchase. This is a cute baker, great for microwaving a vegetable side dish for two since it has a lid.  Great for dips, soup & individual casseroles.I purchased six in different colors.
Laundry Bag. Great product if you have limited space!!!  I have it in my son's room, and it is perfect
Mighty Little Vacuum. This is just the vacuum I have been searching for. It really sucks, in a good way. It easily moves about on hard floors, has a long cord and the broom that attaches to the rod does not fall off. It is great for cleaning cob webs off the ceilings and the attachment brush fits easily onto the canister. The bag is big enough that you don't have to change it very often. The cord wraps around the bottom for storage and I dont personally have a problem with there not being a place to store the long hose. It is great for wood floors and tile floors, no more chasing dust bunnies for me. I absolutley love this little vacuum and highly recommend it to others
it's not espresso, but it'll make very good strong coffee. simple, straight forward to use. very easy to clean. and durable. can't beat it for the price. better than any drip
Fantastic Sheets for the Price. This set of sheets is an excellent value, but I must admit that the sheets are not the softest I have touched. They will most likely become softer, however, with wash and wear. They look beautiful on the bed. The deep fitted sheet fits my pillowtop mattress perfectly. The stitching details on the flat sheet is very plain and basic. It is simply a double stitch with no embellishment. This may be trivial to some, but even the least expensive sheets have a satin decoration on the flat sheet. I bought the rust set, and it is a very nice, rich color. The best part of the set is no wrinkles
Happy with product. I purchased this microwave about a month ago and I am very satisfied with it!  It has some neat features that I never would have thought to be convenient but they are.  A normal dinner plate fits just perfect in it for those of you who are trying to conserve space.  My only worry is that the latch on the door is plastic and I'm afraid it might snap or break easily, (although It's not flimsy by any means.)  I don't use the microwave every day or have children who use it so I would hope it will last for years.
Worked on my very thick, long, straight hair. This product was better than I thought it would be: I have very thick, very straight hair that goes to my mid-back and these curlers gave me very nice loose curls.  They heated up very fast, which is a plus since I'm always rushed in the morning.  The little booklet that comes in the box says to leave them in for 10 mins or less, but I left mine in for 25 and they didn't give me "Shirley Temple hair" (which is a good thing).  I would definitly recommend this product (**however I got mine at Target for only $24.99!**)
The best kitchen/household timer you can buy right now. There's a lot to like about this timer that you won't find in many others. First, there are direct access number pads for inputting the time. You don't have to scroll through an entire timer cycle to get to the exact time you want. This makes it fast and easy to set whatever time you want. Second, it goes up to 100 hours! You won't find many timers, analog or digital, that can do that. Third, it takes a standard AAA battery. That makes it super easy to replace it. Fourth, it's small and stylish and easy to keep clean. I've had this timer for over a year and it's worked flawlessly for me during this time. As for a previous review, sure it would be nice and preferable if this had a magnet on the back so you could put it on the fridge, but this is not a major concern for me. If it really matters to someone, you could always glue a magnet on the back. (Just make sure it's a very strong magnet as this timer is heavy and solid.) As for the LCD readout, I have no problems reading it. Could it be better? Sure. A backlight would be nice, as would a slightly larger display. But as it is, it's perfectly readable to me. How many timers come with a backlight anyway? I would buy this timer many times over and, in fact, have bought more as gifts. So while not perfect, this timer is nearly so. And the minor niggles I have with it are not big enough to lower the rating
Great Gift!. These sheets were a gift for my 80 year-old mother, who had never owned flannel sheets.  She loves them!  My mother told me "they're soft, warm and wonderful!".  Money well spent
works great. works great I use it in a poory insulated room and I can make it too hotif I wan
glasses are great, good value. glasses are great, good value. Be prepared for breakage during shipping
Chocolate Fountain. I bought the fountain for my wedding reception. I actually have not used it yet but I am excited to use it. I have had other people tell me how great they are! For the price either way it will be worth it
Heavy Weight Guest Towels. Columbia towels are especially luxurious to use and for a long time I didn't use them because they looked so lovely and new hanging in the bathroom. The color is especially pretty and reminds me of a deep lavender, they call it Plumberry. The weight of the towels is especially luxurious and they absorb water so well, that the towel at times can still feel almost dry after you use it. When the washcloths are completely drenched, they do seem a little more heavy than most, although they have that "spa feel" to them and they retain heat very well, which makes them sort of comforting. I've tried many towels and these are the most absorbent I've found. They are made with 100% combed cotton and have a heavier feel. The edges are sewn especially well with a nice fabric border so they don't fall apart the first time you wash them.~The Rebecca Review
sturdy even when over loaded. This coat tree has been a godsend to our lack of closet space.  This winter we have loaded it down with winter coats, rain coats, knapsacks etc.. and it has stood steady and firm.  Highly recommended as a reliable coat tree and an easy solution to other wise lack of clothes organizing options
Great product. I am really glad I bought this produce, I can make a large amount all at once and fill up my travel mug. Filtering system works well and I never have floating coffee bits
Love It-doesn't cover odors, eliminates them. I love the Smellkillers. I have used several sizes and they are wonderful. No film on furniture or floors, no cartridges to replace, just fresh, odor free air. What's not to like?
Perfect pan when cooking for two. A 10" pan is my preferred size when I am just cooking for my wife and myself,  and this All-Clad LTD pan is phenomenal. I have never used a better (or more expensive!) pan. I have given it five stars because it was a gift and I didn't have to pay for it -- if I had the rating may have suffered, since for that price it should probably make coffee and take out the trash as well.A couple notes:1) If you maintain the surface consistently it is as easy to clean as non-stick. I like to use Bar Keeper's Friend.2) It requires a few minutes' pre-heating -- if you are used to thinner pans, you will need to give it some extra time.3) This pan cooks more evenly than I thought was actually possible - you don't even realize how uneven your old pans are until you try one of these.4) I wanted the LTD for its "rugged good looks" - the other All-Clad pans perform basically the same, so if you don't like the dark exterior, go for one of those
smaller, cheaper, and works great!. I got 2 of these to use with my Hooneywell enviracaire 11520 the other day and they work great! It is awesome since they're less than 1/2 the price of the 21500 (and the 22500 I was using this for the 17400), so though I was buying the 2 HRF-14s to replace one 21500 HEPA filter, I still saved about 10 bucks!HRF-14 is Honeywell's new Universal replacement true HEPA filter. The box contains one true HEPA fileter and one foam gasket (I just throw this away since it isn't needed for the 11520). The chart on the insert indicates that it fits the following models of air purifiers (number of filters required follows model number): 11520 (2), 12520 (2), 13520 (3), 17200 (2), 18159 (2), 17400 (2), 50150 (2), 50200 (2), 50250 (3), 50300 (4), 50310 (4). Some of these setups also use the included foam gaskets to pad the filters to the right size, (but you never need more gaskets than filters so you don't need to worry about that when purchasing).Useage is really easy. you stack them up, putting the gasket(s) on top as needed, wrap them with the prefilters just as you do with the old filters. Then you close up the air purifier and are breathing clean air once again!Replacement policy is the same as it was for the non-universal filters... The HEPA filter should remain effective 3-5 years for light usage, 2-3 years for normal and 1 year for heavy usage
razor sharp. I ordered and received it right before Thanksgiving. I put it through it's paces preparing Thanksgiving dinner (onions, carrots, potatoes, herbs and the turkey itself) and it is as everyone else says: a fantastic knife. I have never experienced a knife this sharp (or this lightweight) and I look forward to using this for many years to come.
Looks Great and Easy Assembly. I can't say enough good about this desk.  We also purchased the hutch and the small side table that are part of the collection.  For the price, it's a great looking and sturdy desk.  And it was the easiest assembly we've ever tackled.  My husband and I are "assembly-challenged."  We always struggle with every assembly we do, but this was not bad at all. The company has an innovative new approach to assembly instructions.  It did take us 2 1/2 hours, but that was for all three pieces.  If you like the looks of this desk in the picture (and you've checked the dimensions to be sure they are what you need) then I can assure you that you won't be disappointed with it.  Great packaging and fast shipping, too
Great!!. I just bought this to replace my blender. I am able to chop my seasonings, make baby food, and a shake in 10 minutes all in their own separate containers. Then toss them in the dish washer. This is a necessit
My daughter loves Spode!. The Spode christmas Tree Cereal bowls were a little smaller than I expected but were just what my daughter wanted.
Wonderful. This is a wonderful product.  It helps create new memories with my grands as well as provide great fun for the entire family
Bodum 7-PC Mug Tree Set w/ Chrome Tree & 6 Mugs. This was the perfect size and shape for my morning cup of coffee. The stand makes it convenient to have them next to my coffee maker. I am very satisfied with the purchase.
A saving grace for this cat owner. We've had our cat for 6 years, and were growing tired of her hogging the sink to get a drink.  The Drinkwell provides her with plenty of fresh flowing water, it is easy to clean, and we no longer worry about her when we're away from home.  Her intake of water has increased and she sure seems healthier!  I use a toothbrush and baby bottle brush to clean the crevices and holes.  You have to change the filter every 4-6 weeks or it will get really gunky and the cat will revert back to the sink!
Old Fashion set by Longchamp. When we recieved the item's they where brand new , wraped each in bubble wrape and had the original sticker on them, as though you bought right from the dealer, or a store that sells them
Awesome!. These sheets are great! I've been looking for an inexpensive sheet set to fit my mattress, which is 15 inches thick. The price was right so I bought them and couldn't be happier. They fit perfectly! They are thicker than the other flannel sheets I have and they are very soft.When I can afford it, I will definetly be buying a spare set (or two)
Beautiful glasses, so elegance & sophisticated. I just received two sets today and was amazed how beautiful these glasses are.Even though each glass has its own compartment, Spiegelau needs to do a better job in packing their glasses in the their own box.  Each glass is only wrapped with a couple of thin sheets of paper and it is sit loosely in each compartment.  Amazon's packaging is a little better but they need to mark outside "FRAGILE".  A drop of the box and the glasses inside will break just like that.All and all, I'm pretty happy with these glasses and can't wait to get the replacements.  I want to entertain some friends with martinis before the summer is over.   And because martini doesn't taste like a martini if it is not serviced in a martini glass
Beautiful. I bought four so as to have three kinds of vinegar as well as olive oil on the table. The glass and the shape of the glass, vorh emphasize the colors od rhw xonrwnra, and so it's a very beautiful set on a lazy susan.  Minor complaint is that the caps and necks are not tight.  I expected a better fit, but by and large that's a minor quibbl
Doesn't Get Any Better. This is the best book light EVER.  My only issue is the battery life, but I fall asleep and leave it on all night sometimes.  The pages are illuminated very well and it's easy to use.  Makes a great book mark, too.  Don't let what I said about the batteries influence you not to buy.  I have both sizes.  I'm rough on them and I've had no problems.
Great Hamper. For the price, this is a great hamper. The only real draw back is that it can tip over if it is filled to the top. Other than that nit pick, this is a great and affordable hamper.
Finally! A Holder That Works!. It might seem like a trivial thing, but reaching for a paper towel and pulling the whole role off the holder, or unwrapping twenty sheets instead of the one you really need is annoying to say the least.  This holder solves all those problems.  It's "ratcheting" mechanism assures that the roll stops spinning once the tear is made.  An changing the roll is so simple that it can be done with one hand.  I highly recommend this product
I prefer this one to George. I agree with most everyone here.  This unit has its disadvantages, but overall I prefer it to the George.  It does take a while to preheat, and the timer function could be redone, but I love the removable plates and the fact that the grill plates sit more flat on the grill (The channels are slanted, to aid in fat drainage, but the plates themselves are level so your food doesn't slip off the grill.  That was my number one complaint with the George.  I had lots of trouble keeping my chicken breasts on the grill due to the angle.  The HB doesn't cook quite as hot or fast as George, but my chicken breasts and pork chops are much more tender and juicy as a result of cooking a bit more slowly.  Everything I made in the George was dry.It is a pretty large appliance, so if you're looking for something compact this is not for you.  I would probably give it 3.75 stars, but that's not an option
excellent. I found this knife set to contain the sharpest knives out of the box of any knives that I have ever bought. They hold an edge well and have a good balance.  The integrated bolster adds to the controllability of the knives. The only problem with the set is the steel hone. I find it is too course to be used except on the dullest knife. That is the only detractor from the set
Great time savers. I use these in a moderate oven. They wash up well and have not bent or warped or rusted. Great price
some general tips... the litter locker is great, i keep it next to my omega paw litter box which i also highly recommend. i got mine online at a large chain pet store...its basically a spool inside, and each turn of the wheel wraps the bag into this spool. think a garden hose...most folks complain the refills do not last. hopefully they are not tossing them when they empty the device. the biggest problem is that the "spool" of litter will become too big to spin inside the locker, and most people may think they have to empty it and totally replace the refill.you can actually just empty the spool once a week or every 2 weeks, just do not replace the bag refill until it actually empties! simply cut the bag and toss the litter, tie it off and then use the same refill again until it runs out.i expect to get around 6 weeks out of each refill with this method for 1 cat, maybe longer
One more "Handy" note. Everyone has said it all except that I was delighted to find that the grip is the same on both sides of the hand (identical), so, buy 2! Maybe 2 more for your (charcoal) BBQ-er. (Because he will charcoal them up!) I really love the feel inside & out. I like them better than the 100% silicone gloves. Happy Baking!
hard to find feature. With the advent of fancy featured coffee makers this is the right coffee maker for us.  We like to brew 1 large mug of coffee at a time so we have fresh tasting coffee.  Most models now have a carafe with the stop brew feature so you can pour out a cup while it is brewing.    But you must use their carafe.  With this maker you can use your own mug.  And if the carafe breaks (and it costs as much as the maker to replace sometimes) you can still use the maker with the mug or other container.  I sometimes use a stainless steel pitcher.  Sure this maker isn't fancy, but I just want a simple cup of coffee and this maker does it with an appliance that doesn't take up lots of counter space.  I haven't had any problems with messes or clean up with this maker
Love These For Occasional Use!. While this set is not what I would call "durable", its uniqueness and flair add a lot of fun to a tropical table setting. The bamboo handles are great...not cheap looking at all.I'm using this flatware on our boat, so it only gets occasional use. So far, so good!And I love the wicker flatware tray it came in...great for storage and yet it compliments the flatware. I bought 2 of these sets and both fit in a single flatware tray. I just set the entire tray out for guests to grab their flatware pieces. Fun, and a good value. And what's not to love about Beall's
Impressive!  My water tastes... clean. We have some pretty nasty water from the tap, but this PUR filter system makes it taste so good.  I like that it fits in the fridge and actually holds about 10 large glasses of water at once.  The hand held ones I've used hold about 3.  I don't know how pure the water is, but it sure tastes great.
Automatic Dog Feeder. It is the best, once you teach your dogs to eat out of one you never have to worry about bugs or birds in there food again.
great product. I am very happy with this product. It is made well, I particularly like the fact that it gives readings in both farhenheit and centigrade. I would definitely recommend it
Nikko Ceramics Christmas 3-D Holiday Pitcher. Loved this pitcher, great for entertaining, and I received it so quick after purchase
good coffee maker. you get exactly what is advertised. Good, reliable coffee maker.  I wish the LCD display were nicer, it looks a little cheap but works well nonetheless.Arrived in timely manner, good condition.
Tropix 16oz tumblers. These are double insulated glasses that you do not need coasters for as they do not sweat when liquid is inside them.  Glasses are nicely colored and styled..
bat house gift. well it was a gift but it looked sturdy and well made.  i don not know if the receipent has hung it yet or if any bats have moved in
best toaster I ever had. The toaster is very well designed. It accomodates an unusually wide range of bread shapes and thicknesses, toasts excellently, and has a toast-elevator feature that gets little pieces up to where you can get them out without burning yourself.  I've never seen that before and it's really handy.  The toast-elevator also allows the finished toast to wait for you down deeper in the toaster, so it doesn't cool off so fast. The removable metal top surface is handy for warming up things; I always looked for metal toasters so that I could do this, but Krups had the good sense to add the feature to a plastic toaster.  The only change I'd make would be to move the "stop" button out from under the lever; it's hard to see, though no problem once you figure it out.  I have never written a product review before, but I feel obliged to pass on the good news to others frustrated by shoddy toasters
Wonderful!. This Electrolux S-Bag Clinic Vacuum Bag is the best! It lasts long and dust and other particles stays in the bag when it's time for a change!
Great starter set. I've owned this set for over 4 years. Unlike the review below, my set is used daily and has held up very well with absolutely no scratching or any other damage. I always hand wash with a softer sponge. The mugs included are my favorite to have my tea in. This set looks great on display behind my glass cabinet doors
Its pretty good. After paying $45 for it I was a little bummed to see it on sale for $20 over the holidays from a local store's flyer, however it is a nice and contemporary design that does brew the coffee well.  The only downside to it is that I have found it very diffcult to clean the carafe and it is impossible to put your hand in it  to rinse or wash it out.  I did end up using a permanant gold filter in lieu of paper ones too.
A Kitchen Necessity. This is the second Romertopf baker that I've owned.  The first one I bought in Europe; it finally cracked after 12 years of service.  It is my secret for making the best baked whole chicken ever - crispy on the outside, and moist & tender meat.  It keeps the oven clean, since the bird is covered, and the baker is very easy to clean after use.  I've only done chicken in it, however other meats can be used.  You need to have a Romertopf for each type meat, since the flavors absorb into the clay. The 3 Qt size will fit a 3-5 lb whole chicken nicely with room for vegetables (for instance, a few halved onions, a few carrots, herbs.) Veggies are strictly optional, as the chicken has lots of flavor without them. Bake for 90 min & enjoy
Best I have had yet!. At first I didn't like it at all but it takes some getting use to and now I love it.  As I said "the best yet"
A Great Little Pot!. This is a great little pot for sauteeing onions before adding a 28 oz. can of Italian tomatoes, or for risotto for 1 to 4 people. Don't be put off by the small size; if you cook for one or two people and appreciate QUALITY cookware then this is the pot for you. Worth every penny.
If you have cats- you need this. My cat absolutely loves this!!!!!!!!! She was glued to the TV the entire run time of the DVD. YOU MUST TRY THIS DV
Great Coffee - No Problems. This is a great coffeemaker.  I've had it for about two weeks now and I am very pleased with it.  It brews fast, makes hot coffee, and is very easy to program delayed brewing.  Also, the "pause-'n-serve" feature is great. It pauses the drip automatically for 30 seconds when you pull the carafe out to pour a cup before the brewing process is completed.  I have had no problems with this coffemaker at all. And the carafe pours great - no spills or messes.  Can't beat it for the price
This is PERFECT. I just got mine today, loved it, bought 5 more in different sized. What I loved about was the sense of freshness and cleanness in the fact this covers up ENTIRE pillow in easy slip, then seal it tight with a zipper. When you rest your head on the pillows. (I have Standard, Queen, King, sizes, plus Memory Foam pillow), not only it fits, but also its soooo comfortable unlike any other Allergen Barrier cover that is noisy, and bulky. I am not set for the ENTIRE house bed rooms. PERFECT cover!
Not bad at all. I've now had these glasses for over a month and am quite pleased.  Great shape for Bordeaux and many other big reds.  Feels sturdy, yet thin enough at the lip.  My only real complaint is that they've etched the name "'Spiegelau" onto the base -- pretty tacky and unattractive in my opinion.  Overall great value and I like these so much I also bought the Grande Red, White and Riesling lines.
Excellent dishware. You just can't go wrong with Fiestaware.  It's sturdy, durable, attractive, cleans up easily (from table to dishwasher to cabinet).  And if my rough-on-dishes family can't break it, no one can
Flannel Full/ Queen Duvet- Mendocino. Fits to a tee. Comfortable. Love the reversable color. Very warm now that we've stuffed it with a comforter, but was just perfect in the fall without
The kid loves it. Son was very excited to receive this. Still loves it after a month. The design is very nice, but the material is a little cheap for the price
Dyson DC17 Outdoes the Dyson DC14. I have had this vacuum for about one month. It replaced the top rated Consumer Report Electrolux (Eureka) that up until now had been the best cleaning vacuum I had ever owned. The Electrolux was heavy and cumbersome so I decided to give Dyson a try. I tried a DC14 vs a DC17 and without a doubt the DC17 out cleaned the DC14. Although more expensive, the DC17 has several more accessories and a carpet cleaning kit included.PROS:- Unbelievable cleaning; it's true what the other reviews say about the dirt, grit, lint, etc. that comes out of what appears to have been a clean carpet.- Very easy to maneuver; it's almost like a self propelled vacuum.- Quality fit and finish; it fits together perfectly and is well finished unlike my previous Electrolux.- Relatively quiet for such a powerful machine.- Easy to empty dust container that minimizes escaping dust when it is emptied; I empty it in the toilet which further eliminates any escaping dust but make sure that there is nothing to clog the toilet.- 5 Year Warranty.CONS:- Cord has to be wound manually; it should have an automatic rewind.- Clear plastic covering the brush bar; I assume that the clear plastic is so you can see any obstructions, hair, etc. that might jam the brush. This appears to be the trend in vacuums but I would rather not see the brush and dirt. I liked that about the DC14.- Slightly heavier than the DC14 but weighs much less than my previous Electrolux.For the ultimate in cleaning Dyson and the DC17 in particular is the vacuum to buy. I don't know what tests they run but Consumer Report is off on this one based on my experience
Mine looked like factory seconds. I ordered two of these great Fiesta handled carafes in black.  I plan to use them for serving pieces as well as for accent pieces.  Black is hard to come by at the local retail outlets in my area so I had to order mine without the benefit of scrutinizing the quality of finish before purchase.  I have noticed at the retail places that blemishes often show up on the pieces.  I was not happy when I received my carafes and both of them had glaze skips (where the white under the glaze shows through) as well as scratches in the glaze (which I have never seen before and can't imagine what happened to put them there).  In my opinion these pieces should have been culled at the factory and sold as seconds.  I love the pieces, I'm just dissappointed with the quality of the finish. I also received a black covered butter which was blemish free
A quantum leap in toasting. Got this goodie as a Christmas gift.  Have used it only for toast but the spectacular results are worth the price of admission.  Good, fresh, medium-weight breads come out with a very crisp outside and tender interior.  That includes split multi-grain ciabatta rolls and English muffins.  The oven beeps when you plug it in and makes a low roar during operation.  Toasting controls do not require lengthy study.  I love it
really kool. who thinks of this stuff..i ordered 2 of them and they rock. you put ur hand about 1-2 inches under the dispenser part and enough soap comes out to wash ur hands..this thing is just so neat..i love it and would recommend to anyon
The Best Filter Bags~. I have three fish tanks and these filter bags are the easiest to change, the whisper filter and the bags keep the water in my tanks very clear, and my fish are happy and healthy.Best priced here on amazon too
Potholder/trivet. I use these potholders everyday with baking and cooking but mostly as trivets. they work great as trivets. but the color i got was a light lime green and not the dark green as shown. but i am satisfied with this product
Great pan for in the oven or on burner. This pan is very heavy and cooks very well in the oven or on the burner.It is easy to clean and is especially attractive and colorful in the kitchen
Love It Love It Love It!!!. I absolutely love this machine!  The selection of coffees and teas is wonderful.  I am a tea drinker, primarily Engish Breakfast and Chai latte, and I am quite picky about the quality.  With some of the pod brewers I have tried, the tea has been quite weak.  However with the Flavia, the Engish Breakfast tea is very good.  The Chai is excellent as well.  The Chai latte is very smooth and doesn't have the peppery taste that some can have.Pros: 1. Great tasting coffees and teas2. Great selection3. Virtually no clean up4. You can brew a cup of tea after making coffee and the tea doesn'ttaste like coffee (very important)Cons: 1. You better make sure the bottom of the brewer is flush with the                top of the cup or it will blow whatever you are brewing all over you and your kitchen.  This will only happen once, trust me, because you will not want this to happen again.2. You can only purchase coffees and teas through their website.Hopefully as this machine becomes more popular there will be moreoptions for purchasing
New Krups Toaster. I love it!  Toasts Bagels better than any toaster I ever had. You just turn the lever to the number you want push the Bagel button and it comes out perfect.  Once you find the right number setting for toast or bagel you never have to worry about it. Looks cool on the counter too
Small is nice for rice and grains. I agree with those reviewers who've said that this 2-quart oven is not something you'll be making stews or casseroles in.  It's too small for that.  It is, however, absolutely perfect for cooking grains, which is why it gets more daily use in my kitchen than my bigger french ovens do.  It's fabulous for rice, oatmeal, grits, you name it.  The fact it performs beautifully both on the stovetop and the oven makes it excellent for pilafs, since you can execute every aspect of pilaf production in the same pot.  This is a very worthwhile addition to anybody's kitchen
Mario Batali 5-piece Measuring Prep Bowl Set. Every kitchen should have a set of these measuring bowls. I gave them to all my family for gifts and they love them, too. Great for measuring shortening, peanut butter, etc. because its easy to scrape out the bowl. Also good for nuts, raisens and coconut.  I'm so glad I found them in the specialty shop.  When no stores in our entire area carried them, I was very happy to find them on Amazon.com.
Great Knife, You don't need it unless you are a Pro. This knife is great can be used like a cleaver or standard Chef's knife. Wusthof makes the best knives by far.  All my knives are Wusthof.
How hot is it?. This instant-read thermometer is a versatile kitchen tool that no one should be without.It comes with a sheath to protect the thermometer. The tip of the thermometer is a kind of ceramic thermister, encased in the metal. It takes about 10 seconds to register a temperature and this type of thermometer is not designed to stay in the food for long, unlike the older style meat thermometers that baked with the roast. So the tip of this thermometer is the "business" end and you want to protect it from major damage. The sheath has printing on it to tell the average range of temperatures for cooking meats like poultry, pork and beef.The thermometer can also be used for frothing milk to 160 degrees--clip it to the inside of the pitcher as you steam the milk and stop at the right temperature. It can also be used in bread baking. Some cooks test the temperature of the nearly-baked loaf and you can use it to test the temperature of the baking liquids to avoid killing your yeast.To measure the temperature, place the tip into the thickest part of the food, and wait for the temperature to stay put and register. Don't put the thermometer near or on a bone if you can avoid it--bones hold heat.Joanna Daneman________In memory of my dad Hank, 1923-2006, who was a metrologist and expert in the field thermometer calibration and manufacture.
Great book light. I am very happy with this book light. I had a more expensive book light which finally broke. This light is just as good or not better than the more expensive little book light. The flexible neck is great, and the light is not as harsh as my old book light. So far it's even managed to withstand my 3yr olds abuse!
Useful and Cute. I usually cook for an army of one and these are perfect.  In a pinch, I've used them to fry breakfast links.  Perfect for a quick lunch or side dish.  I do lower the recipe temperature when baking.  I think these are really impressive when entertaining.  With that said, if you're in a hurry they are not so great for reheating because the microwave is a lot quicker.As with all things All Clad, these heat evenly and quickly.  Stainless steel is easy to clean.  My favorite words in the English language  are "dishwasher safe.
Not exactly as advertised. The towels were advertised as "linen".  At the going price I was suspicious, but ordered anyway.  They are cotton,but not not linen.  Bottom line: they are well worth the price, they are attractive, well made and work well.  I am still looking not for cotton linens,  but linen towels
Best Invention Since The Wheel. After my wife discovered the above Hookless shower curtain and curved rod at a hotel we stayed at she just had to have the same setup in our home, the Hotel gave her the manufactures names for both products and upon our return home she did a search and found the best price for the same exact ones here at Amazon.com.  We placed our order and both items arrived within a week, instillation was easy and my wife loves the fact that she doesn't need to stand on a chair and fumble around with curtain hooks anymore, now she just stands in the tub area and can install and remove the Hookless shower curtain in under 15 seconds, plus with the curved designed of the (5' Crescent Shower Rod) you have much more room in the tub/shower area in fact were ordering the same setup for our RV to replace the glass shower door.
almost perfect. This cabinet is strong, sturdy and simple to assemble.  However, it is only a bit more than 2 feet wide.  That's TWO FEET!  It looks tiny in my basement corner and holds a lot less than I orginally anticipated...It should be AT LEAST 36 inches wide... Having said that, it is still very sturdy and extremely functional just off the mark a bit on size and price
A fabulous buy. This little machine is wonderfully simple and does indeed produce the tastiest yogurt quickly and easily. I love it. Well worth your money.
Lasted for 11 years!. I was so excited to find these bowls on Amazon. We received a set of these 11 years ago when we got married and they have been great. We still have at least two of the originals. Over the years we have tried different bowls but these have lasted and have a great design. They aren't cheap but they are incredibly durable-and attractive too
Ideal Mug. Its a great mug for both hot and cold beverages. And since it is glass it goes with everything. I like the fact I can put all of the same cup on the table with my corelle ware regardless of what people will be drinking. It is heavy duty but with the handle and the lip at the bottom easy to hold even for someone with limited mobility. And I love the size of it.  When I drink coffee I always want two cups worth so this holds it all at one time
Excellent knife, especially for cutting vegetables. The KAI Shun Pro Nakiri knife is really an excellent kitchen product for traditionally styled Japanese chefs and average cooks alike. This knife, like all of the Shun knives, is extremely sharp; Shun knives are at least as sharp as Global knives, albeit with much more comfortable handles. This is as good as it gets when it comes to chopping up large vegetables, but will also work for mincing onions or dicing garlic cloves. Although it looks somewhat like a meat cleaver, it really is not intended to be used as such; if you are looking for a knife that will cut both meat and vegetables, the Shun Classic santoku knife may be more your thing. Also, please note that the blade on a nakiri knife is one-sided, and may be awkward for some tasks. If you want a great knife for splitting large vegetables such as pumpkins or squash, however, than this is your knife.
water filter. We are very pleased with this coffee maker, but I have a question.  What is the trick to pushing the water filter holder down into place?  Isn't it supposed to go all the way down?  I have average-size female hands, but have trouble getting my hand down into the water reservoir. The instructions do not address this procedure.  Help
used it ...loved it. I am a contractor and when I recently remodeled Doug and Susans basement I was eventually shown how to use the grinder to make espresso while on breaks.  Unfortunately, I started taking lots of breaks... good espresso!  The grinder is quiet, precise,and efficient, like an excellent sub contractor, or a good table saw!  The grinder was great.  I use a burr grinder at my house but you can't even talk over the thing.  This one whirs below a conversation level, then stores the suberbly consistant ground coffee.  I then pull the lever a couple times to dispense premeasured amounts into the doser that is resting in its holder on the machine, and there it is break is on!!  Thanks for the good times and good espresso.  On my way to hawk some of my tools to buy one of these things, it's worth it
Great pan for great food in mass quantities. This pan is wondreful to cook in. I am thrilled with the quality. It is very heavy duty and just plain heavy. I purchased this to be both a roaster and lasagne pan and I love it. I can make a mega batch of lasagne with my fresh goat cheese and feed the whole family. The great roasts are a bonus. The oven mitts hang around the kitchen for decoration as the one and only time I tried to use them I burnt my arm rather badly on the handle and have a scar exactly that shape. I'm not used to mitts and will stick to my hot pads from now on
Excellent product. I highly recommend it. I've never had any problems with it. Measurements are accurate, there is really no need to put it in the microwave, and if the product inside is too hot, you can use oven mitts. A very practical, durable and sturdy kitchen tool.
Great little heater!. I ordered this heater because our house is built on three levels on the side of a hill in Northern CA, and our lower level (master bedroom) is always as cold as a wine cellar despite our attempts to heat the house.  I resolved to end my freezing winter days and nights in this room, hoping that this heater would provide the solution.  Just for the record, the room is about 20x 20 with a large 15 x 15 bathroom attached (no door so any heat goes right through the opening to this bathroom, too) and this heater is keeping the entire room MUCH warmer.  I love the timer, and I have not noticed any noise.  My unit arrived in perfect new condition.  I am ordering two more for my husband's office and our living room.  We're on track to be warmer and save money not attempting the impossible with our natural gas central heat this year.  I am very happy I decided to give this heater a try.  Well worth the money, especially if you take advantage of the $25 promotional code and order a 2nd one.  I think they must be quite popular, because Amazon has raised the price $8 per unit AND increased the shipping surcharge from $10 to $15.  Still, I can't wait to receive my additional heaters
Love Fiestaware. My husband suggested this as a birthday gift for me. I thought okay until I opened the package. This shamrock green is so pretty. This dinnerware is great. A nice heavyweight. The glazing is brillant. And the cereal bowls are a good size. Not too small as other types tend to be. I am very happy I own this and have bought more since
Great for that quick Cup o'Joe. A great quality french press that made Bodum famous. Simple, easy to clean and quick! Ideal for the times when you need a nice cup of fresh brew coffee but couldn't find a coffee maker nearby.
Gorgeous, excellent toaster!. Wonderfully designed "space age" toaster....Gently lowers bread automatically into toaster...Toasting is even and accurate...We have been using this toaster for a few weeks at my mother's home and we like it and so does she...easy controls...it's expensive (too expensive for us personally...) and it seems like more toaster than anyone needs...but...Pushing down a lever isn't an issue for me but someone with severe hand and wrist problems might really find this toaster useful...
So far so good. So far so good with this blender. My only gripe is that is doesn't seem to crush all the ice. There's always a little piece left in the bottom. I jiggle the container, turn up the speed then back down but that ice sliver won't blend.Aside from that issue, the blender is working well.
Better than I anticipated. When I bought this, it was only $10.99, a price a bit too low for me to consider it to be a high quality product.  Now, I don't often write reviews, and considering that I am writing a review for a paper towell holder on top of that means I thoroughly enjoy the product.  It holds the towell roll tight and firm and gives a nice steady click as it turns.  I attached it to my wall (you can hang it upside down or vertically) and it is amazing.  AMAZING!  Thinking about a paper towell holder?  Look no more.  This product was much, much more than I anticipated
10-ounce mug. We have had a set of eight of these in Sea Mist and have used them for morning coffee for several years.  They will sit on Fiestaware saucers just fine.I have never burned myself with the handle as mentioned below, but tend to hold it with two hands or with the saucer together, not just by the handle.  Fiestaware is very sturdy and even if the handle were larger might feel heavy in one hand.(They are made like hotel china, essentially.  Homer Laughlin is a hotel china company, in fact.  The first set of dishes I had from them decades ago were some of their hotel line.)For a bigger cup for cafe au lait style, I can recommend the Fiestaware "jumbo cups."  We have a set of those in Sea Mist and use them for coffee, but also for heating soup in the microwave.  They are both great.  Never been disappointed with Fiestaware
EXCELLENT CHOCOLATE MELTER. THIS CHOCOLATE MELTER ARRIVED QUICKLY, AND IN PERFECT CONDITION.  I USE IT THE DAY I RECEIVED IT AND IT WAS EASY TO USE.  IT MELTED CHOCOLATE TO THE PERFECT TEMPERATURE.  THANKS AGAIN
It is what it is... Very sturdy wooden spoon.... not much to write.... very good quality
Best jar opener. I have owned many jar openers in my life and this is the one I would recommend for most people. The jar opener that is the easiest and most convenient to use is the one that is shaped like a V with serrated inner edges that you mount on the under side of your upper kitchen cabinets. It is convenient because you don't have to open a drawer for it and since it is mounted to the cabinet, you can use both hands to grip the jar.  BUT,  many people don't want to mar their kitchen cabinets by mounting that kind of opener.  So, my current favorite is the Swing-A-Way #711 jar opener. Made by the folks who make high-quality hand can openers, this is a very simple to use device which doesn't take up much drawer space.  It opens jars of all sizes easily
Beautiful and Exquisite. I love this set - this is the favorite of all my china teacup sets. I have both Irish and English bone china, and this pattern is exquisite. The color is beautiful - so delicate. I serve formal tea and scones with these teacups. I LOVE THIS SET!!
Great help!. It really works! Just plop it on top of your bowl of leftovers and it sticks. Much easier than plastic wrap
Elegant. This crystal set, which includes a highly polished silver tray, will dress up anyones bar or table top.  The set is of fine quality crystal and a very good purchase
Awesome. This simple little product delivers. I use it all the time and it never disappoints
a tried and true classic. Fiestaware ROCKS!  The turquoise place setting is beautiful...It is much brighter than the pictures on amazon.com...Fiestaware is functional, calssic and fun- I love to mix and match the colors and the 5 piece place settings are great for this.  I highly recommend mixing and matching Fiestaware. I mix up colors that you wouldn't normally expect to go together and they usually look great
good size, and really, no stick!. Every time I use my Calphalon roasting pan and rack, I am amazed how easily food comes off both rack and pan
What I was looking for :. I was looking for a pitcher to fill water buckets in our kennel.This one is just what I needed no sharpe edges around the handle or spout, good size, well made!
Great Toaster. This T-Fal toaster is great...handles the largest bagels with ease. Fast..very fast toasting...I love it
pleased. I am very pleased with the window perch. My 2 cats are equally pleased
It's been perfect for me. I bought the grinder about a month ago to take advantage of the wonderful beans from local company, Stumptown Coffee. I use the grinder every day, either for the coffeemaker or the French press and both settings give me a terrific grind. I have had none of the problems others describe: lid on the hopper is a perfect fit; it grinds all my coffee evenly and thoroughly; settings for a coarse grind (8-9) or for a finer grind (4-5) work perfectly well.I don't understand the comment about not having a manual shut-off. The same button that turns it on turns it off
Satisfied!. I bought these speakers for my deck area last year.  They were super-simple to install and worked great out of the box.  They have a great sound and push good volume to my entire back yard.  I could even disturb the neighbors if I wished to do so. :)These speakers have survived the weather quite nicely.  One of the speakers gets pretty wet by the gutters overflowing when we have heavy rain, and they have both had snow on top of them, and they still work fine this Spring.I am considering buying another set for my screened porch area.  The only reason they don't get a "five star" rating from me is that the ease of installation also equals ease of deinstallation.  I have yet to find an outdoor speaker that has locks or a special tool to keep them from being easily stolen.  At this price I would like a little extra security
Good but not perfect. Has 3 countdown timers but only 1 countup timer.  The buttons beep (very loudly) everytime you push one and you can not turn them off.  The button placement is very good and setting the countdown timers is easy to do.  If you could turn off the button beeps and it had 3 countup timers instead of just one it would be pretty much perfect.  If you want 3 countup timers in one, the only product I've found is the Robic SC-888.  I would give it the same rating for different reasons
Very nice. I bought this after reading the other review here. I agree, it is a very nice table, and so easy to put together, especially since it does not involve installing the drawer. I notoriously have trouble assembling furniture, but even so, this took maybe 5 or 10 minutes, tops. (I have many strengths  but furniture assembly is not one of them :). It's fairly solid, and the little shelf at the bottom gives it added stability. I got the Antique Black, and the color and style will probably work for many decorating schemes. Definitely a bargain
Flex Crevice_storage. Whe in n not in immediate need, it's in a small hanging "canvas" bag. It replaces the regular supplied tool that fits on the machine. It should be designed to also fit there.
My German Shepherd loves this toy!. I have a 3-year-old, 90-lb. German Shepherd, and he absolutely LOVES this toy! He usually rips every plush toy to shreds, but he somehow hasn't destroyed this toy. Although he figures out how to remove each squirrel from the tree within minutes, he spends hours squeaking each little squirrel, flinging the squirrels around the room, and chasing the squirrels. Then he brings the empty tree to me and puts it in my lap so I'll put the squirrels back inside of it. He tires himself out playing with this toy -- I'll find him passed out in his bed with little plush squirrels strewn all over the bed, and he lays his head on the tree.  I'm going to get the Hide-A-Bee next.
Excellent Features and Inexpensive. This microwave was rated very highly by Consumer Products which was the reason I bought it.  I have not been disappointed.  It is an excellent product -- especially for the very reasonable price
Heavy Weight Guest Towels. Columbia towels are especially luxurious to use and for a long time I didn't use them because they looked so lovely and new hanging in the bathroom. The color is especially pretty and reminds me of a deep lavender, they call it Plumberry. The weight of the towels is especially luxurious and they absorb water so well, that the towel at times can still feel almost dry after you use it. When the washcloths are completely drenched, they do seem a little more heavy than most, although they have that "spa feel" to them and they retain heat very well, which makes them sort of comforting. I've tried many towels and these are the most absorbent I've found. They are made with 100% combed cotton and have a heavier feel. The edges are sewn especially well with a nice fabric border so they don't fall apart the first time you wash them.~The Rebecca Review
MISSING MAGNET. I HAVE BOUGHT THIS ITEM FOR YEARS AND IT HAS ALLWAYS HAD A MAGNET TO HOLD THE LID. WHEN I RECEIVED THIS ONE NO MAGNET. I EMAILED YOU AND YOU SENT ME A NEW ONE AGAIN NO MAGNET.  HOW TO GET THE MAGNET?????????
Loud but effective. This vacuum is relatively loud but it sucked up a lot of dirt that my old vacuum didn't.  The overall design seems good but it is easy to tip over
Beautiful and Practical. Absolutely gorgeous and great sized!! Perfect for yourself or giving as a gift
Great vacuum, but a few complaints. I gave this a 5 star rating because it's a great vacuum.  I bought this right as I had new carpet installed and it picked up what was shedding before I even saw it.  It does a good job on ceramic tile flooring as well and I like the attachments.  My only complaints are minor...it's heavy (but still easy to push) and the canister doesn't hold much.  It's not great with corners either.Other than these minor things, it works well and so far has been well worth the money.  I actually enjoy vacuuming because the results are easily seen
Great wok. To again correct the original reviewer, this is a cast iron wok, it is obvious as the handles were cast with the body and the casting marks are evident.I just finished seasoning the wok and it works wonderfully.  Much better that the chemically treated non stick pans/woks.  There are simple seasoning instructions, a nice recipe book, and even some extra goodies (like a bamboo wok cleaning whisk) to get you going that the wok store threw in with my package.This is a traditional chinese wok that is very solid and functional.  There are no fancy hand grips or anything but I personally prefer traditional cast iron and enjoy the fact that I don't have to worry about melting or scorching the handles.The included spatula is surprisingly nice as well.  It came with the wooden handle loose, and I thought I had gotten a defect, but there were even instructions with the spatula that mentioned this is normal while shipping the traditional wok utensils, and to simply pound the handle in a bit.  Now the handle is solidly implanted and the thing feels indestructible.Overall I am very pleased with this set and the wok store company.  For anyone looking for a straight up authentic (and low priced) wok kit, you can't go wrong with this one
fantastic. Fiestaware items are objects of beauty that I have found to be virtually indestructible.  I have them at my house, and I worked for an upscale wine bar and restaurant that used them for everything...any pretty plate that survives heavy restaurant use is great in my book!  And what fantastic colors for food presentation..
Great, Great, Great. This is the best kitchen appliance we own.  My wife has saved more time with this appliance.  Very strong motor, nice look.  Our garden is all choppped up
Worked great for cooling my room!. My bedroom is on the third floor of our condo so it's always considerably warmer up here. The fan really helps get the temperature down from 80 to 75 or so. It's effective, but a little noisy. It doesn't bother me really though; I have no trouble sleeping with it on. Overall, I would say that this was a good purchase. The remote is a little silly, but works as expected. I like that it displays the current room temperature
Very Satisfied Dyson owner. I have now owned this vacuum for one year. I waited this long to review to test the reliability of this very pricey machine...It has stood up to the one year test and is still performing wonderfully. First tip would be to wait for a sale (I purchased through Amazon at an amazing low price, with free shipping as an added bonus!)We have a brand new house, a small child and a houseful of cats, long and short haired. I knew I needed a good vacuum. This Dyson does everything it says it does. The house smells fresher and cleaner once I'm done. Of course it does, look what came out of the carpet!I wanted to address the hardwood floor comment...half of my downstairs flooring is hardwood, and I have had no problem. I turn off the beater bar most times, but others I don't. Either way it works fine...picks up everything, almost before I get to it, the suction is so good.Another comment - on rugs...again, turn off the beater bar....the suction is so good that it gets all of the cat hair & dirt out of the rug.The hose is also another reason I purchased this machine, it stays out of the way until you're ready for it, and then it is plenty long, it stretches all the way to the top of the staircase...13 steps.Another tip, empty the canister when the dirt inside stops spinning...I learned this after waiting too long and then it is a little tougher to empty.Also clean the beater bar once every so often, mine gets tangled with hair, fur, etc....and decreases performance a bit. (This probably goes for most vacuums!)I will say that I have not once used the low reach tool, so another model w/out this feature would probably do fine.No bags and filters to buy! Easy to clean!I highly recommend this vacuum, especially if you can get that low price
Replaced an older model with this one. I had an older version of this same rice cooker, and I replaced it with this one when it died.  It's very easy to use, consistently makes great rice and steamed vegetables, and very easy to clean as well.  The steaming tray is a bit small, but it's perfect for me and my fiancee
a must have item. I've owned several peelers, including Pampered Chef.  This is the easiest peeler that I have ever used.  I recommend it highly
I'm happy. I purchased the very same Factory-Reconditioned model from Amazon and it didn't work!  Amazon sent me another right away and it has been great for a few months.  I must admit that I do not make espresso at home and I no longer use the old perculator, so I cannot speak to the fine and coarse settings.  I use it daily.  It is really loud, but that's not a problem for me
MULTIPLE USE BOWL. THIS 2 QT BOWL HAS MANY USES . I USE IT FOR MIXING , SERVING AND BAKING.  IT IS WONDERFUL FOR MACARONI AND CHEESE , ALSO HAVE DONE  COBBLERS .   I HAVE 6 DIFFERENT COLORS . ONCE YOU GET ONE YOU WILL HAVE TO  GET ANOTHER AND ANOTHER
Tiki Decor. Loved this product, it is now hanging on our newly built tiki hut on our dock at the lake.  Looks wonderful and blends with the other decor
Black & Decker Grill and Waffle Baker. I love it.  It is great that you can take it a part to clean it.  The only thing I would change is make the outside a cool touch - you can burn yourself easily on this
Pretty good!. It was 32 degrees (Fahrenheit) when I left for work this morning. I had serious doubts about my coffee staying warm for the 20 minute drive to work, but it did. It's warmer than the coffee I used to buy every morning during my commute.The mug fits easily into my cupholder, which is your standard old-school, non-adjustable type. The lid isn't spillproof - the mouth doesn't have a snap-on cover - but unless you're driving like a maniac or trying to jog with this cup, you should be okay
Fantoastic!!. This is a GREAT 2-slice toaster. The slots are wide--wide enough to handle large bagles for which there is even a special setting for. It also has a easy to empty crumb tray. Lastly it LOOKS GREAT!!(I got the RED
Everyone loves this butter keeper!. Without a doubt, all of my dinner guests ask where I purchased this butter bell. There are a lot out there but they all tend to be very cylindrical and not really pretty. This one is so cute and of course, it keeps my butter soft and fresh for weeks. Don't forget to change the water. Holds a full stick of butter
Great Little Ramekins. This are great for just about anything. I have used them for holding side dishes, creme brule and other foods. The blue looks great and helps to keep things cold/warm. The fact that they are 5 ounces is nice bacause they are just right size for most things
Attractive, Heats Evenly, and the Loop Handle Is Indispensable. I owned a 3 -quart Calphalon Anodized Aluminum saucepan for about 12 years and had to get rid of it, because acidic foods had eaten away at the anodized surface, exposing shiny, softer aluminum underneath. So aluminum was getting in my food. I replaced that pot with the All-Clad 4-quart, because America's Test Kitchen rated the Calphalon Anodized and the All-Clad Stainless saucepans equally highly in heating up quickly and sauting evenly without burning. The All-Clad has an aluminum core between layers of steel to distribute heat evenly. The exterior layer is magnetic stainless. The interior of the pot is 18/10 stainless.This All-Clad pot doesn't impress me as being as indestructible as the Calphalon, and it isn't as heavy. But it has the advantages of a stay-cool handle and stainless surface that won't shed into my food. The loop handle doesn't stay cool, because it's short, but the long handle does. I can't get by without loop handles on my medium and large pots, so I was more than willing to pay extra for it. This pot weighs about 3  pounds empty, but it weighs 10 pounds full of liquid. If you are small or suffer from arthritis or stress-injured wrists, the loop handle will save your wrists and enable you to pick up the pot when you otherwise could not.  And no struggles to balance the pot or danger of tipping!The pot's shiny steel surface is attractive, but it limits your options in cleaning products. All-Clad recommends a fine powder cleanser, nylon scrubbing pad, or a commercial stainless steel cleanser. I find that Soft Scrub works well. Steel wool will scratch terribly and ruin the surface, so don't try that. One thing I don't like about stainless steel pans is that they get a blue and/or brown discoloration in the bottom if they overheat. The interior of this pot turned bluish just from boiling vegetables in water, but that disappeared after a few washings. I guess there's no such thing as a perfect pot. Every metal -aluminum, steel, or copper- has its idiosyncrasies. But I'm generally pleased with the All-Clad's performance
Best copper cleaner ever!!. I own several copper pots and pans and this cleaner is the easiest to use and with the best results. Simply follow directions and use in one direction when cleaning and wipe dry with a microfibre cloth ( I found this works best) and your pots look like new! More than worth its money
Very pleased. My husband is a big guy so I wanted to get a bigger towel for him. I bought this towel purely because it was the biggest one I could find and was reasonably priced... It's super soft and big and fluffy and I end up stealing his towel! I will definitely be getting one for myself
great pot. great pot. I'm annoyed at having to press the "unlock" button everytime, the one that prevents accidental spills. the automated dispensing is too slow for my tastes, I'm used to an earlier version that you have to press down from the top. in hindsight I should have bought an earlier version to avoid the differencesI'm also really annoyed at the shipping, bought through amazon, it was shipped in the box that the manufacturer put it in, which wasn't up for the rigors of shipping. but honestly I can't tell if the gaping crowbar-looking inflicted holes were caused by the shipping or no
I like it!. We had an ancient Kitchen Aid and I loved it... but always had to store it in the cupboards since it was so big and clunky.  Our daughter now has it and is happy with it.  We bought the Hamilton Beach mixer and I like it almost as much as the Kitchen Aid.  The best thing about it is that the mixer lifts up, making things a bit easier.  The only slight complaint I have is that the medium to high speed is a big jump... it's a little too fast for what I want, most of the time.  Another plus is that it sits beautifully on my counter
No clock troubles here!. For the record, I've owned this model since December 2006 and it's kept perfect time.
Very good = very pleased. Easy to clean, quick and even heating, extremely functional. Well worth the money I spent
Analon 10 Qt. Stockpot. Solved my problem for making soup for 20 people or more.easy to use ,easy to clean.!!!!!
Best shoe rack I've found. I've tried many shoe racks but none worked for me until this one.  Meets my needs quite well
Marvelous Fan. I've owned a number of fans. This is by far the most versatile. It can be pointed straight up to give the effect of a ceiling fan, a position I often use during sleep to provide a little air movement and white noise. Or it can be straight ahead or and angle in between. Most often I put it in the window to blow air in and at least on two occasions it's fallen out onto the floor without damage. It's just a very solid fan and I'm intending to buy a second one for even more air flow on those days when blowing in outside air can avoid the use of the A/C
inexpensive , but look great. i love the flat bottom, as water doesn't collect in the dishwasher.  they are slim, so they fit easily in the rack too.  a great value, that looks great.  2 of the glasses were broken upon receipt.  they were replaced right awy and no expense to return the broken ones
The best pan EVER!. I received this pan as part of a set.  I absolutely LOVE the pans and added another one to my wish list.  I was going through my list and saw someone else gave it low stars.  I couldn't stand it and had to write a review.I can agree that the price does seem a little high, but it is well worth it.  This pan will be around forever and cleans like a dream.  You don't want to put this in the dishwasher and you shouldn't have to.  I have done everything in this pan from melting chocolate to heating up canned veggies.  All I had to do to wash it out was spray it with the sprayer on my sink.  You may have to rub around the two "buttons" on the inside that attach the handle but I don't mind because the rest of it is easy to clean.I also have an old electric range that can be unforgiving.  I haven't noticed any hotspots, or if something did burn, it was even throughout.  Not that I would burn anything, of course.  It also hasn't scratched.  I use silicone utensils just in case, but have used a metal serving spoon to stir veggies and it looks the same as when it was new.So, it may seem expensive at first, but you may spend more having to replace the cheaper ones frequently.  If you are serious about your cooking or just want something good, spend the money.  You will not be disappointed.  You may want to buy the whole set after this pan
These are very nice looking towels and dry great too!. What can I say other than they look great and do the job well! Good towels for the price
Beautiful Touch to My Dining Area. I absolutely love this tablecloth!  It is a nice gentle white color that goes very well with my dark wood dining set.  It is very easy to clean because it repels liquids.  I love this tablecloth so much that I want to get it in a few more colors to change it up for different seasons.
Generally positive. Generally I like this heater. I am using it in a very large room - 18ftx36ft - but near my desk/window to take the edge off the chill in my office. I find that it does this well, and would probably heat a small room nicely. Also, I love the timer feature. It lets me make sure it turns off when I leave the office, so that I don't forget
Mystic Mop is Magical!. This is the most effective and easiest mop I've ever used! It effortlessly glides along while cleaning. It's perfect for the environment, too- I love not having to keep buying replacement cleaning supplies and just using water; no chemicals! It's more sturdy than the cheaper ones; not flimsy at all. I will always use it- it can't get any easier than this
Great machine! I love it!. This truly was a great machine.  I know that there were some negative reviews about this product, but for one month now, I have been using and loving this machine.  Works great, couldn't ask for more!  Thanks
Cold Steel Perfection!. This knife along w/the matching 7" 5-star meat fork are my weapons of choice for carving leg of lamb, prime rib, ham, veal, turkey, etc...at various carving stations at my job. I love the 5-star line & have most pieces from it as well as 2 of this knife. I'd recomend trying the 4-star & pro-s line out as well before deciding on this line(same blades, different handles). I'd definately replace if lost/stolen. After using proper tools there's no way you can go back to cheap knives. I'd love to see a 12" version of this knife w/a wider blade
excellent inexpensive stemware. I've been using Spiegelau wine glasses for several years, and they are excellent. The burgundy glass is great for any pinot noir based wine, and also for Piedmont wines made from nebbiolo (barolo, barbaresco, langhe). These glasses are designed to enhance the bouquet of those types of wine.If you drink a lot of bordeaux, or cabernet sauvignon, I'd suggest Spiegelau's bordeaux glass. If your preference is zinfandel or chianti, you're a bit out of luck with Spiegelau however. Their chianti glass isn't very good. Try the Riedel Vinum chianti glass for these wines; you'll be knocked out by the way it focuses the bouquet.Some reviewers have complained about breakage. I've seldom broken a glass, but it does occasionally happen during washing. My method is to clear the sink, run the water as hot as possible, put a bit of dishsoap in each glass. I then use a special ultra soft brush (which I got at a local wine shop for about $6) to clean the glass, removing fingerprints and especially the gunk around the rim. Then rinse thoroughly with very hot water. Invert on cloth. After about half an hour, with the glasses almost dry, you can wipe them off with paper towels (which don't leave any lint behind) and put them away.The main thing is never to lay them down in the sink, and wash one glass at a time. Just do the wine glasses and pay attention to what you're doing. Don't try to stick your hand inside the bowl when drying; just use the paper towels.Finally, even though these glasses are supposed to be dishwasher safe, I don't know why anybody who loves wine would put stemware in a dishwasher. Dishwashers always leave a film, and eventually their abrasive detergents will put microscopic scratches on the glasses, which lose their clarity as a consequence
More than I expected!!. I bought this item on sale for my daughters room, I didnt expect it to be so nice the butterflies are made of feathers and have such great detail I fell in love with it I wish I would have bought a few more.
FAN. GREAT FAN- DISSAPPOINTED THEY USE TY-WRAPS NOW HOWEVER INSTEAD OF METAL CLIPS.  NOW IN ORDER TO CLEAN -  YOU HAVE TO BUY TY-WRAPS.THE GENERIC KNOCK-OFF STILL USES METAL.GOOD PRICE AND FREE SHIPPING HELP ME GET OVER THAT
Dyson Does It Again. I just love my Dyson!!  It's everything that the ad says, which is something new in itself.  I would highly recommend any of the Dyson products.  Difinitely worth every penny
They look very expensive, I love them. I love these chairs. &#60;br /&#62;They were not as difficult to put together as others have said.  I get great compliments.  They look like I bought them at one of the more expensive furniture stores.  I have an antique wood table that I put in the middle and it looks great.  People can't believe that I bought them from Target!  I was lucky, I got them when they were on sale so it was a great deal.  But the price is still good. My mother-in-law saw them and now I am online to buy her two for her little apt!  Target has come a long way with their collection.  &#60;br /&#62;
All-Clad True. It's no secret that I love All-Clad.  The 8-inch is perfect when cooking for one or two.  The pan has great release.  I always hand wash and about once a month, I polish the stainless steel with Bar Keeper's friend to keep it looking like new.I also have the nonstick 10 inch and I am trying to send it back to All-Clad for warranty evaluation.  I did not know that you shouldn't use nonstick spay with nonstick cookware and that the heat should be relatively low.  I never use more than medium heat with any of my All-Clad and yet my pan lost its nonstick properties.When a plan losses its nonstick properties, All-Clad suggests cleaning with a paste of baking soda and water.  If the baking soda doesn't turn brown, switch to Bar Keeper's Friend and water.  Always scrub with something made for nonstick cookeware.  None of this helped my pan, so I will send it in to All-Clad.
Absolutely awesome. Easy, quick set up out of the box. I tried it out on a carpet that had just been vacuumed by an Electrolux Aptitude upright. One pass across the whole room pulled up about a quarter of a canister of cat hair and lint that the Electrolux missed. It put the Electrolux to shame. The Animal was easy to manuever, easy to empty, has awesome power and suction
Well worth the money. This pressure cooker works wonderfully.   So wonderfully that I got rid of my old pressure cooker AND my water batch canner which always took so long to boil.   You can water batch in this canner and it works so well and so fast that I wish I had bought this canner years ago.   I canned 127 quarts and 49 pints this summer so this canner got a good workout
Oak Hall Tree. This was purchased as a gift, but the receiver really liked it
Veterinary Student Approved. Before getting the mat I was a little scared of what other students at my vet school were going to think.  But my wife and I were losing sleep every night because our cats decided that there new favorite thing to do was bang on the knobs of our doors at night.  Needless to say, this was keeping us awake.  We have had this mat for a little over a week now and the problem has stopped.  Also my friends at school are asking if they can use it to train their cats to stay off the counters.  So I would give it a 5 and tell anyone who is thinking about it, to go for it.  It is amazing how fast it works
delicate and pretty vase. This vase is very pretty, petite, delicate but not as purple as the picture appears.  The color is closer to a rosy color.  But it is beautiful
Essential For Healthy Fish!. Stresscoat is NOT cheap but is absolutely necessary for every water change you make in your tank.  It not only neutralizes tap water contaminants like heavy metals, chloramines, chlorine and some nitrates/nitrites, but it adds a protective natural coat to your fish.  Every time you catch a fish, change the temperature, or have fish that are aggressive - they stress.  This product is essential and is best to buy in this large quantity.   I personally use it for my African Cichlids, which are VERY aggressive!  This much Stresscoat will last me for over 115 water changes if I change 30% of my water twice a month (which I do at a minimum in a 50-gallon tank)
Just the thing for my vintage recipe. When I received this item, I was surprised how small it looked! There is a big difference between my 9" pie plates and this 8" one. However, it was just what my grandmother's vintage pecan pie recipe called for. For years, I had compromised by using my 9" baker, as it is pretty hard to find 8" ones today. This baker was ideal for my needs, as well as a compliment to my varied line of Fiestaware. I love it
Works for me!. These cups are high quality stainless steel.  Don't worry about putting thorugh the dishwasher or leaving in a sink.  I was surprised by their weight and long handles.  My old measuring cups were of much thinner steel and over time this lead to dents and deformation of the cups.  These MIU cups are extremely sturdy.  The handles on my old cups were more typical too, while these MIU cups all have very long handles(~4.5").  At first I didn't like the asthestics of the handles, nor the fact that the smaller ones don't stand up on their own due to the imbalance this creates.  However, when I needed to scoop something out of a small-mouthed container, I quickly reversed my opinion of these handles.Cricisms: The interior has perpendicular corners.  I prefer a slightly rounded interior corner for ease of cleaning and emptying.  Still, it doesn't make much of a difference.  Also, while they're not hard to store, they don't stack all that well, so they'll probably take up more room in your drawer unless you have tall drawers(~5.5").  I suppose because they were designed for cooking utility over storage ease.(...) for the 5 cups, I'm extremely satisfied.  I feel these are top of the line.  The 7 cup set is overpriced (...), so definitely go with these.  I don't understand why you would throw them away becuase you wanted the 2/3 and 3/4 cups?  Just use the 1/3 cup twice or the 1/4 three times...or eyeball the 1 cup.(...
Liked It. I liked the skillet and the only problem was the screws for the legs were not the correct length, but that was easily corrected
Terrific for the money!. As there are no other reviews and selecting juicers can be confusing, I thought I'd offer some feedback. My 1.1 HP Hamilton Beach 67650 just arrived and I'm thrilled. It even juices ginger, which isn't an easy job for any juicer. My budget was very limited for this purchase, but I didn't want to compromise on quality. With this machine, I feel I got the equivalent of a juicer priced several times the price. More power than the $200 and up machines I was considering.
great easy to install. it was great and easy to install.  enough shelves for my stuffs. well it met my expectation
Bought for a friend. This is kind of a tough review to write because I didn't buy it for myself, but rather for a friend whose cat is 17 years old and has been keeping her up all night howling.  The vet can't find anything wrong with the cat (thyroid checked out fine) that would cause the howling, but I heard that as they get old, cats can get senile too.  Another friend of mine bought this stuff for her cats and she said they are much more relaxed and less uptight -- especially whenever a visitor is over.  She had one cat that used to hide under the couch the whole time anyone was there, but now it just lays there on the floor like a big bearskin rug without a care in the world.  Anyway, the friend I bought the stuff for said that her cat isn't starting the howling until after 2am (before it started around 11 am), so if it's really helping, she's grateful because she's getting a little more sleep.  Based upon that, and my other friend's comments about how it's made her cats less nervous, I think it's a good product to try if your cat has issues that can't be pinpointed to any medical problems
Slick. This paper towel holder is excellent.  It looks great, works well and can be put out of sight for a picture perfect kitchen, mudroom or bathroom appearance. I bought three.  Super
Works great - BUT be careful when cleaning it!. I bought this last January (of 2006) through Amazon, and it was used several times daily for well over a year without showing any signs of wear.  Very durable and extremely fast at boiling water.It died on me last week though when I decided to wipe off the base - it was getting a bit dirty from the kitchen counter.  One small spot of water got into the exposed electronics in the base and it shorted out.  I never submerged it obviously, but it appears to not enjoy cleaning of any kind.   Silly me, to leave it plugged in when I was wiping it down.  A damp rag was enough to kill it.I'll buy a new one though, it was a workhorse.
Awesome Product. I purchased it for my wife because she wanted a steamer. There were a lot of steamers out there and a lot of them were cheaper. I'm glad I choose the one I did. It works flawlessly and is so easy to use. GREAT PRODUCT
flamingo fun!. I love these sheets!!  I can't help but smile when I pull down the covers and see those green stripes and bright pink flamigos!  The sheets are high quality with deep corner pockets and soft but with a crisp cotton feel after laundering.  A great deal - I'm obviously very happy with my purchase
Perfect Pan. If you are going to buy only one pan this is the one. It's perfect for every use as far as size and depth, and wipes clean! A little on the heavy side but that's the quality it's made of. The only thing missing is a lid, but you can use one of thoses universal size lids for all pans. For such a quality pan I would like to see a quality glass perfect fit lid. Other than that you can't find better
Quirky but works well. Having exhausted my Samsung ultra-light vac, I decided to try this one ... It was easy to assemble in minutes. I used it before allowing our cleaning person to use it and was amazed at how much dust and dirt it discovered on our relatively clean floors.  I took it over rug fringe w/o the power-mate on and it started to eat it (not good) and I can't image the damage it would do with the power-mate on.... so bewarned on that. The cleaning folks had no problems using it - so that is good.
Durable non-stick that works. Super product. Cleanup is a breeze. The pan appears to have a really tough non-stick surface. I have only had it a couple weeks, but the performance of the pan generates confidence that it is durable
love it. i have hardwood floors and ceramic tile in the kitchen and bathrooms -- this makes my life so much easier and i feel it is cleaner that the mop -- one of my friends suggested i get this great cleaning tool -- thanks to her -- lennyc
Pretty and Functional. I bought this tea kettle to add to my collection of pink KitchenAid appliances, but it turned out to be a really great purchase.  The tea kettle is pretty in stainless steel and has only a touch of pink on the silicone handle.  It has a loud noticeable whistle that lets you know when your water is ready and is easy to use and handle.  I've read the other reviews that state that the pot gets overly hot, but that only happens if you use a grill size that is too large for the kettle.  If you read the directions before use, it specifically says to use a burner compatible with the size of the kettle, this easily solves that problem.  The spout is large and the kettle is easy to fill, whether throught the lid or the spout.  Again, this is a KitchenAid product and has great waranty coverage and excellent customer service.  I highly recommend it to anyone who is interested
Great deal, good cause. This knife set showed up under the tree this year and I am glad it did.  The set is practical, incorporating the 3 most used knives in the kitchen.  The paring knife is slightly larger than average and makes quick work of small vegetables, and fruits.  The utility knife is versatile, extremely effecient, and saws neatly through just about anything.  The East/West knife is a smaller rendition of a classic chef's knife with very good balance and smooth, precise cutting.  It sliced through 75% frozen chicken like it was a warm knife through butter.  The handles are extremely non-slip, comfortable, albeit a bit gaudy with the blaze orange coloring.  The case is functional with handle grooves and silicone covered magnets to hold the blades in place.  You could easily spend this on a quality chef's knife alone, but this set includes just that and 2 bonus knives making it a very nice bargain
This is an awesome HEAVY pot - Love it!!. This stockpot is an awesome find and an awesome deal.  I purchased it, scoffing at the "retail price".  When I received it - I was amazed at the quality of the pot!  It is super heavy with a thick bottom to prevent scorching and burning.  I thought I would only use it for heavy duty crowd cooking - but I find myself using it all of the time.  It give plenty of space for spagetti to roll and move while it boils.  I love making an endless pot of soup that we eat for days.  I love this pot and you will too!
Great product!. I love these things!  Within 2 to 4 days after placing these into my aquarium, most of the bulbs had started growing roots.  After planting in the gravel as instructed, they began sprouting leaves.  There were different plant varieties in my package.  They grow very fast and look great.  I use a fluorescent bulb on a timer for 9 hours/day
Excellent casual dinnerware. The pictures for these dishes do not do them justice.  They are quite attractive!  The reddish color is actually more of a burgandy.  The dishes arrived quickly and were wrapped very well.  Not one broken dish.  If you like roosters, burgandy and light gold, you will love these dishes
Outstanding. This tea kettle is simply devine to use - no cords in the way - no waiting for water to boil - just let it sit on your kitchen counter and it's all automatic.  Looks beautiful, as well.  I've purchased many as gifts and have one at home and one on the boat.  Thanks Cuisinart for this product
Workhorse. It is big and heavy, but a real workhorse.  Mixes things we would only do by hand before
wonderful. these are the coolest little bowls I've ever seen.  I bought them for my mom for Christmas last year, and they are extrememly useful.  I got them in tangerine, which is a very bright, sunny, orange color.  We use them for everything from cereal to candy and nut dishes.  I highly recommend these bowls
An Absolute Must. If you enjoy hotel-quality,crisp linen pillow cases and duvet covers, then this iron is an absolute must. I was able to iron a king size cotton duvet cover in about 5 minutes.  This task used to take at least 30 minutes with my Rowenta Professional Iron.  Washable silk blouses were steamed perfectly and washable linen shirts and pants looked like new.  I highly recommend this iron.  I agree with other reviewers who say that a water table would be nice, this way you can refill before heating up the water
Comfy. The chair is comfy, good size.  The only problems we had was in putting it together (the wheels were hard to insert) and it doesn't move across carpet easily.  Other than that the chair is fine
Perfect for One. Can enough be said about All-Clad's superior heating?  You really can see the difference with the fry pans.   No need to heat above medium, even for searing.  I got this pan as part of a promotion and I use it when my 8" fry pan is dirty.  If you have to pick between the two, I would suggest the 8".  Bigger is always better.Stainless clean up is easy.  Put it in the dishwasher.  Bar Keepers friend keeps it nice and new looking
Fantastic Flannel sheets. These sheets are warm, soft, and ever so inviting.  Garnet red just made for an even better Valentine's Day evening, even though it was 2 weeks later.  Truely lovely sheets, would buy more.
quick, quiet steam. I read a ton of reviews before I bought this, and I don't understand how this humidifier could get a negative review.  I saw that many people said it leaks, so I started it up with a towel under it, but there is no need.  It doesn't leak at all.  It certainly isn't loud; in fact, it is the quietest one I've ever heard.  It produces steam very quickly, and the room becomes humid within one or two hours.  Perhaps the people who were having trouble getting it to keep a room at a certain humidity aren't closing doors and windows completely?  I also don't think it is reasonable to expect a room to stay at greater than 45% or 50% while the heat is on.  It just isn't possible when it is cold outside.  It is very easy to disassemble, clean, and reassemble.  I have had it for more than a month, and I'm very impressed so far.A word to those who are heat-sensitive: it will heat up the room.  I think it heats it up enough that you can turn down your heat and save on heating bills
Love the pitcher. I had used an older version but I like this new one better.  It is slim, easy to hold and convenient.  I recommend it
Great for picking up animal hair. I just used by new broom vac today for the first time. The first thing I noticed is how lightweight it is. I suffer from lower back pain and have always dreaded lugging out my heavy vacuum. This was a nice change! I have wooden stairs that were always a huge pain to clean but my new broom vac made it so much easier.I have three cats that love to shed. I could fit the broom vac into smaller areas in my living room that I normally could not reach with my regular vac. The suction is not very strong but it is great for picking up pet hair. I would recommend this item to anyone with pets that shed.I had ordered the vac in pink. It is more of a purpulish/lilac pink but is still a pretty color. I really like my new broom vac. I searched online and in stores. Amazon had the best pricing especially with the free super-saver shipping. Both Target and Best Buy do not carry the Dirt Devil Broom Vac in the color pink
Can't do without one. I got a Mogu person pillow a few years back for christmas, and have slept with it everyday since.  My original one was getting flat from all the wear, so I bought another here at Amazon.  I just love the pillow!  Amazon got it to me in no time flat. I must warn you that these pillows not only fun, but addicting.  You won't be able to do without one either.
Love, Love, Love IT!. How did I ever live withouth this little baby? Lots of power, easy to handle, super easy clean up. I use it fo reverything from making smoothies to pureeing soups, to chopping nuts. Great purchase. I won't be buying a new food processor after all
Good Product. I had been looking for a complete food proccessor for long time and finally got this one. Indeed the wait for it was good. Its a complete set with all chopping discs n dough blade. Does a good job.Cheers!!
Great starter kit!!. I bought my mini-bow aquarium in 2002 and have enjoyed it a lot.  I have never had any problems with it and would recommend this for any beginner or breeder who needs a "baby" tank.  I have a bigger tank as well but this is my favorite as it is a lot easier to clean :-
I love my Grill/Waffle Baker. I love my grill/waffle maker. Most of the models out today do not include the waffle maker; they have panini or pizzelle instead. I owned a grill & waffle maker years ago and did not replace it when it died. Then some years passed and I thought I love english muffins grilled and bagels as well; I would also use the waffle maker more than a panini or pizzelle. It is a great size to fit on my counter; unlike the larger grill/griddle models out there; like George Forman Generations; and Grillerations. I am totally happy with my Black & Decker Grill/Waffle maker. I searched for a long time to get this combination. I love it
Very pleased. I purchased this convection toaster oven at costco's for $60.00.  I've used it to make choc chip cookies and egg rolls so far. I've only had it a few days.  It cooked everything perfect.  The cookies normally bake 20 min, but using the convection bake, it took 12 mins.  I am very, very pleased so far and can't wait to try other things.  Perfect for my son to use.  No longer heating big oven for small portions.  Definitely recommend at any price.  Also, good free oster Customer service for any questions you may have
Definitely worth the price.  Simple, Suitable & Satisfactory. I am quite satisfied.  The color, durability & size are more than acceptable for the price.  I am pleased & the order was shipped & delivered quickly. The diamond pattern is about 1 1/2 inch wide/tall.  Looks fine, though I thought it would be a smaller pattern,not sure why I thought that.  We are pleased with the purchase. It is not the "sure fit-spandex" type, so it does move & need to be re-tucked after use but truly no bother to do so.  It was large enough to cover my Q sofa sleeper couch.  Good value.
Bada beam  Cat Toy. Great , My two cats went crazy over the beam. The whole family enjoyed watching them trying to catch the beam
Happy, but..... I was very happy to get the dishes for the price I paid.  I gave them as a christmas present and just found out recently that one of the bowls was broken.  Wish I had noticed before I gave them as a gift but didn't want to totally unpack everything, thought they would be fine
A good portable corkscrew. This is not the corkscrew you want for home -- that honor goes to the Screwpull.  But this IS the corkscrew you want to have with you when you travel.  The open screw design means you can safely open old, dry corks without fear of breaking the cork off in the bottle.  The foil cutter works well, even on those plastic bottle toppers.  This corkscrew does require some practive, however, as you need to line up the screw correctly -- not in the center of the cork but more towards the edge, about halfway between center and edge.  On one end is a tiny flip-out blade that can be used for cutting off the foil capsule. On the other end is a lever that serves as a brace that rests on the edge of the bottle to give you leverage when extracting the cork. This makes it easy to open a bottle of wine without setting it down on a tabletop
Wow!!  It really works!!. At first I wasn't so sure if it would work.  Then it really worked!!  It was amazing.  Now, every day I can a chocolate covered item whenever I want!
As good as expected. It's decent quality. Nice buy for the price. I bought it through a deal at DailyTool
absolutely love these. I bought this set in Feburary, and have been giving them a test drive. Boy I sure like them, they clean like a dream and you never have to worry about germs and crud on them. ( well I didn't exactly worry about my knifes before.....but if you do then you don't have to now.) They realy hold an edge just ask my scared nuckles. I keep hitting them on the knife, you would think I would learn. I also was dicing an avacado holding it in my palm and went through it and into my hand. Now I don't blame the knives, I just think a person should be smartter than their cutlery or maybe I need training wheels. I wasn't sure about them at first, but I had to learn (the hard way) to let my knives work for me. Duh Huh. The hone is wierd but it realy works. I think this set would last a lifetime. The only thing that is funky is the block (plastic) although it seem durable, and you can get over it.My friend bought an expensive set of Henkels and I would not trade her for my Furi. Go ahead and buy this set
Exellent. It is wonderful i bought it for my dad and he thought it was awesome too.  it i wasnt sure about it but its so great looking and is easy to clean it  looks great with any decor. I love it! It is a bargain at the cost for some  thing of such great value
Great Kettle. I bought this kettle to replace a Bodum kettle.Water heats fast, shuts off fast too.  Great kettle
fantastic pan. This pan has been excellent; I have used it mostly for omelettes and frittatas.  One thing to note.  Despite the current desription, the pan DOES NOT come with a glass lid. Otherwise, it cleans easily. It appears to be made in Toledo, not China.
***Wasted Money/ UPDATE***. May 27 Update:As I suspected, this was a case of me not knowing how to use the product when first purchased. Well, I've practiced and learned, and this is the real deal. Sharpens everything...even my old Swiss Army pocket knife. Just be careful: Items get so sharp that cut fingers become routine.Raised my rating to 4 stars. Would be 5 but I still find the unit kind of pricey. But hey: It does all it's supposed to, and does it well, and that's the real key!Original Review:First, this ain't a cheap sharpener. Check out the price yourself. I used it one time....sharpened some new just out of the box knives, as well as an old Henkels I own. Maybe it's my own ineptitude, but I see no difference in either. The new knives were part of a set, and the just-sharpened ones seemed no sharper than those I didn't sharpen. And my old Henkels is still very dull, and likely ready for the scrap heap. So yes, so far I am disappointed.Is it me, not knowing how to use this sharpener? Maybe. But so far, I feel this has been a big waste of money. Hell, buy a steel sharpening tool...a lot cheaper, and gets the job done better.
Widescreen Nightfinder Travel Alarm Clock. Very good compact travel alarm clock with LARGE NUMBERS and bright display. Bright display can also be used as a light to guide you through a dark room
What a really nice carving board!. I bought this board as a Christmas present for my son-in-law, and he loves it! His criteria for a new board included: reasonable size (so he could bring it to the table) and a trough and well to catch meat juices. This board has those attributes, plus it is well made with small rubber feet to hold it secure while carving and handles (carved into the underside of the board) so it can be carried easily to where ever you like. I looked at every carving board on Amazon and on many other websites; many were nice, but none had ALL of the features I've mentioned -- plus -- a very reasonable price! I would not hesitate to recommend this board. By the way, there is NO ONE on the web that has the selection of carving boards you find on Amazon --  thanks, Amazon
Unique and a Bargain!. This textured bronze lamp goes with just about everything regardless of your style.  I purchased it with a modern bedroom set and the two on each bed stand look great.  There are three settings and the lampshade is a neutral cream color that gives a warm light to the room.  At over five pounds each, they are sturdy and durable with a felt bottom.  The style is unusual enough to be unique and you won't be accused of buying it at a factory outlet
Nice kettle-whistles. I owned an earlier similar model that was disappointing and never whistled once. But this kettle worked very well and the whistle worked perfectly, at first. But after only about 6 weeks of use, the flip-up spout broke off - actually just broke in half. I replaced it with a Chantal teakettle and so far so good
Love It. This pot is so versitile. It is so easy to boil spaghetti in it because of the shape. And with the vents in the cover nothing boils over and you can drain the pasta right through the vents. It's also great for chili, stews, soups etc. Very even heating. It cleans up so easy.
Finally a decent spoon for grapefruit lovers!. While in Florida recently, I stopped and purchased some grapefruit at a fruit stand. Well, I love grapefruit and then started looking for grapefruit spoons. I looked at just about every store in the area I was in and could not find them anywhere! Half of the people I asked , looked at me like I was crazy! Well, I did a search on Amazon.com and found these. These spoons are great! They have just the right angle and feel good in your hand and they cut and separate the grapefruit sections perfectly! Growing up, we had grapefruit spoons with plastic handles, but these are so much nicer. I am glad I purchased these and didn't settle for the 20 year old spoons I had in storage. I really like these a lot
Excellent. Without being a purist, (I'm from Wisconsin, after all), this is a very nice sashimi knife, considering the price.  Those of you who work at sushi bars will scoff, but this isn't a $600 hocho either, and not all of us wish to spend so much.  No saya came with my knife.After many sharpenings, the back must be leveled, very much like a good Japanese chisel, as the hollowed part comes closer to the edge, but this is true of all knives of this type.Money well burned, if you cut a lot of fish into tiny bits.  It is good for many other things, and gets a lot of use in my house.BTW - if you are just fooling around or learning, get one of the $30 knives - they are plenty good, and, if you find that you don't like using this type, you haven't blown a bunch of cash that you could have spent on ahi or mahimahi . . .
opinion of "Missing Link with Glucosamine". I believe in this product. My dog's breeders recommended it. I take glucosamine myself for joint mobility, and it is a very helpful compound. This product is easy to use, and lasts for months. I recommend it to anyone who owns a dog.
Partially satisfied user of 6 second abs for 6 months. Contrary to the opinion expressed in the previous review I found the resistance levels more than adequate. It might be that it was being used incorrectly by using the back and arms rather than pulling from the abs. I developed very good ab definition after around 2 months working out at 120 crunches on my back 3 times/week. Only problem was the machine broke when it wasn't even on the highest setting - but I intend buying another
Perfect fit. This composter is perfect for my kitchen. It looks stylish and fits under the small space in my old kitchen. You can pack a lot of waste in hear when you can't get to the composter due to snow for a couple days. Love it
My views on the Ultra Max. This is an excellant water filter.  All Brita products perform outstanding.There are 2 drawbacks to this item.1) The "meter" on it automatically counts down letting you know when to change the filter.  It assumes you drink the suggested amount of water daily.  So if you don't the meter expires before the filter does.2) It is sort of bulky to fill up in the sink.  For my personal use I probably should have bought the pitcher unit.   This unit is fine, I just hate taking it out of the fridge to fill up.All in all not a bad unit.  It performs excellant, it's just the features that are the drawbacks
Pike Street King Sheet Set. Wonderful sheets! They are very soft and actually make the bed stay warm. I've never been able to afford high quality sheets like these, and I am absolutely thrilled with them! Shipping was fast. I would recommend this item to anyone
Absolutely Great!. The situation:50+ year old house.  Wood and formica floors throughout with significant warping.  6 cats, 2 dogs, 1 ferret, and the occasional Great Dane foster dog, all having the run of the house.  I'm a clean freak who hates to clean; suffering from moderate repetitive motion damage in my knees, hips & elbows.Assembly:I suck at assembly, if the instructions say 20 minutes it'll take me 2 hours and there will be parts left over.  I put this together in 30 minutes with no problems.Performance:Main appliance was great.  The dry vacuum picked up everything but some broken plastic pieces (yeah, one of the dogs was the culprit).  The scrubbing option got all the dirt up even on the warped sections with minimal work on my part.  The wet vac was outstanding again, even on the warped sections.  I owned the 1st generation FloorMate before this, and I had to always follow-up with towels even when it was new.  This generation got 98% of the water up.Attachments were somewhat problematic because of my carpel tunnel syndrome, but look to become easier to take on and off with more use.Unlike other reviewers, I thought the grout attachment was pretty good with the exception of the wet vac cycle.  The hole is tiny and I had the choice of either going over the floor on my hands and knees to get the excess water up or resorting to the towel method.  I chose the towel.The smaller swivel head attachment was also very good and the wet vac worked better than it did on the grouting tool.Overall, I'm extremely happy with the FloorMate and would recommend it to anyone
Easy, neat and nifty!. This little gadget arrived with everything I needed to install it on the wall.  I put it behind the door in the laundry room where it keeps my broom, sponge mop, floor waxer, etc. out of sight.  To put something away, just place it in the space where you want it, then let go.  It is gripped and held by rubber like "tires" mounted to surfaces that adjust instantly to the size of the tool.I've had it for about four months.  It's never loosened from the wall or dropped a tool.  I couldn't be more pleased with it
Progressive International Soap Dispenser. I love these soap dispensers! Great for kitchens. I have given them as gifts to 7 people, and plan to give more this Christmas
Classy &amp; Durable. I work in an assisted living facility and we use Fiestaware in the Alzheimer's area.  These dinner plates are great because you have room for a main dish and two side dishes as well as a dinner roll.  With being used in an Alzheimer's area, these plates are occassionally abused.  I have seen the accidently dropped and I have seem the purposely pushed off of the table.  In either case, the plate didn't break.  Though they were a little pricey (and we even get a deal because we buy in large quantities), they are worth it.  Ours seem to last forever.  They get used for all 3 meals, plus snacks.  And, if we need it, these plates have double and mini serving platters
BEST BUY ON SHEETS. THIS  WAS THE BEST BUY FOR VALUE AND QUALITY THAT I  HAVE EVER SEEN , THE 800 TC SHEETS VERY VERY SOFT( BETTER THAN 1200 TC SHEETS) AND A GREAT VALU
Good espreso machine. Works fine, but the coffee metal repository is too hot when finish cook a coffee cup. Other espresso machine like DeLongi comes with metal repositoty but vinyl external protection.
Cool looking canisters. The canisters are great looking. The 3 sizes allow for many uses. My only complaint is the lids: they have a clear plastic ring that needs constant adjusting to secure tightly
Still trust Hoover, but... I was interested in getting a new Windtunnel II as soon as I found out about them. I loved my current Windtunnel, but I was anxious to get the updated on-board tools and I wanted a model that had automatic brush shut-off when using them. I'm a loyal Hoover customer--not only my current vaccuum was one, but my previous (and first ever) vaccuum too. They have wonderful suction!So first I bought the red "Extra Reach" Windtunnel II canister model from Target. I loved the suction performance and the on-board tools are great and really easy to use. The problem was that the surface where the canister attaches to the body is a very large area where the "self-cleaning Hepa filter" (a paper wheel with deep folds) resides. This area allows dirt and pet hair to collect on the sides of the pocket which holds this filter. Then, when the canister is removed for emptying, this dirt falls out onto the vaccuum body and can be really messy. After 3 months of using the machine I found that tons of hair and dirt were stuck in this cavity and could be picked out with my fingers. Also, the powered pet hair tool was very weak and the brushes would stop if the slightest pressure was applied.On the off-chance that this was a glitch with the one I had, I returned that one and ordered the orange "Complete" model with all the bells and whistles from [...]. This machine was a lot more expensive, but also had problems. The "leakage" of dirt up next to the filter was immediately apparent, plus the "Embedded Dirt Finder" light wasn't working.Completely disgusted with this bagless design and the notorious "Self Cleaning Hepa filter" I decided to return that one and give the bagged Windtunnel II a try. Lucky for me, this machine is free of the design flaws of the bagless, Hepa filter models. The bags are the filtration, so that problem is solved. Plus, the bags are inserted and removed really easy and are automatically sealed when removed (a sliding plastic top does this) so that there's no mess.The tools are the same really easy to access ones as with the previous 2 machines, but this time the powered pet hair tool works correctly. Also, the "Embedded Dirt Finder" light functions as it should. The only thing is that the belt (I think) makes a little whine when I lift the machine while it's running.So basically I'm happy with the performance and still loyal to Hoover. Unfortunately though the "Wal-Mart" phenomenon is obviously affecting the manufacture and assembly of consumer goods to the point that, although design and technology can be impressive, things aren't made to the quality standards that they used to be. :
Once you have a sharp, sturdy knife in your hand, you will know the difference!. I have this exact set and have had it for probably 6 years. The knives stay super sharp and look almost new even after years of use. You get what you pay for.  If you want to own a set of knives that you'll only have to purchase once, this would be it
Wonderful product. This press does exactly what you would think it would.  It does take a little bit to learn how to place the fabric so you do not end up with wrinkles.  You get a professional look without going to the cleaners.  Much better than standing at an ironing board with an iron.
Just what I needed... This unit is well build, and things actually fit together quite nicely.  Some cheaper unit requires you to push or pull the top to get a tight seal.  It is attractive looking, and the stainless steel material also means that you don't have to worry about dropping it (except the mess) and you can also take a soft steel wool and scrape the hell out of if you need to.P.S  I have yet to try this myself, but I know there are special corn-based lining for compost piles - this may make clean up easier
It's top quality. We bought our French skillet two years ago, and it has yet to even have one scratch on the cooking surface. It can go in the dishwasher, and although we usually hand wash it, it is nice to know that easy clean up is possible. It gets used in our house every day, and is very durable. I am planning on purchasing more for my family! We also have a covered pan and a six inch pan that we use almost as much. In my opinion, you won't be disappointed in this pan
This is it, folks. This is the single most important piece of BBQ equipment that anyone can own.  It is much higher quality than Kamado's and will last much longer.  The efficiency is insane, the temperatures it can get to are insane, the versatility is insane.  Sear steaks at 800 F, bake biscuits, grill burgers, smoke a brisket all night long without adding charcoal.The stability of the temperature is incredible.  You will be especially shocked at how easy it is to use if you are used to traditional metal pits.Keep in mind this is not a high volume pit.  If you need to grill 35 burgers or smoke 6 briskets, this isn't going to work.I own several smokers and grills of varying shapes and sizes, but this is the one I use a vast majority of the time.  It is big enough for a gathering of friends, but still managable enough for everyday use.Make sure to use only lump charcoal with the occasional blocks of hardwood for flavor.Here are some eggcessories you will also want to get to get full enjoyment.  The daisy wheel, egg nest, ash tool and a slanted electric charcoal starter are necessary.  If you plan on doing any smoking, you will also need the plate setter for sure, plus a 16" deep dish pizza pan is perfect to catch drippings.  If you want to do any baking, you will also want the pizza stone and possibly a peel
Good for the Price. We purchased 2 for the kid's rooms so they could lock up their personal stuff.  Our teenagers put these together in no time and are very happy with them
it is great. this is a great washer at this price. easy to use and reliable
water. I love this Brita filter. It has increased my water intake easily a hundred fold. My home water wasn't really that bad tasting but with "city water" you always sort of wonder. Now I'm sure
Great Utensil Holder. This utensil holder is fantastic. The attached spoon rest is a great idea. The 3 compartments, with different depths, mean that shorter utensils can't hide. The oval shape means it doesn't take up too much bench space
Thanks MOM, Love my chairs!!!!!!. I received this item as a gift from my mother and I love them. Easy to put together,very sturdy and comfrotable. They go perfect in my diner kitchen. MAG
Great Little heater. This is a great heater for small to medium sized rooms.  I've owned two of them for a number of years, and they work great.  I just bought one as a gift, due to this cold winter we are having.  I think the other reviews are not fair to this product, and what it was designed for.  You cannot go wrong with this heater, and at such a great price.
Nice table overall. I bought this table recently and I am overall very happy with it. The color is very nice and it seems to be strong and sturdy. Putting the chairs together made me want to pull all of my hair out though. The screw holes were not aligned properly in more than one of the chairs' legs, which made it impossible to completely tighten a few of the screws. It doesn't seem to make much difference in the strength or balance of the chairs, but we'll see with time. One thing that I noticed right away was that the wood seems soft and dings very easily. It arrived with one ding and I put a couple other small knicks in it as I was putting it together with very little effort, but they are not very noticeable. From opening, assembly, and cleaning up it took me over 3 hours to put it all together. I am overall pleased with how the set came out in the end. It is a very gorgeous set. I would suggest signing up for email from Target and waiting for coupons so that it reduces the $100+ they charge for shipping.
Excellent Machine. Bought this to use with my rancilio.  It seems to have made a huge difference.  I thought there was something wrong with the espresso maker as my espresso was always flat and thin tasting.  Freshly ground beans is the way to go - vast improvement over preground espresso (illy's or lavazza).  I would have given it 4.5 stars, the only thing holdng it back is the silly doser.  Either I'm not using it right, or its just not well designed, But everything else makes this a worthwhile purchase to those coffee freaks who can afford it.  I used the free shipping and $25 off deal - thanks Threefires
Feels great. This feels great to lay on. I bought it for my 7-year-old's bed and he loves it. I have the 3-inch one on my Select-a-Number bed and I love mine also
Great toy!. My cat loves this. It is made so that even when the cat is interacting with it, it won't hurt her by ripping the bird away from her to continue along its path.  A very gentle motion but enough to entice her to pay attention and interact.
Super Chopper. The potato slicer was wonderful.  The blades were extremely sharp and cut different size potatos with ease.  This will be a mainstay in my kitchen
Wonderful to look at AND use!. This 'personal' teapot is such a joy to look at as well as use! The handle is very user friendly and very generous in its proportion but not too much to look out of scale to the pot's body. The lid's knob is the best I've ever encountered - no more slipping out of your fingers. It is a flat design with slight indents to really get a grip, and the trademark triangular shape makes an art statement to the roundness of the body.As for the Aubergine color - beautiful! This shade of purple is  not garish or gaudy, but very classy and rich looking. Though the picture shows a shiny finish, it is matte but definitely has a wonderful luster and is not dull by any means. The tea pours out in a nice arc from the high position of the spout, another small joy if you like waterfall features.What's NOT to love about this cute teapot. You'll enjoy looking at the pot as much as you'll enjoy your tea experiments. By the way, this teapot's bigger version is just as wonderful and has a very ingenious ceramic tea infuser that attaches into the lid for easy use - now is that cool or what?!
KitchenAid Cookware is a Good Choice. I initially received the cookware set as a gift from my spouse, and have been slowly adding pieces over time (only at rock-bottom sale prices, found by scrounging online). This amazingly-priced saucier rounds out my cookware nicely. Not only are the KitchenAid cookware beautiful and sturdy, their handles are marvelous - great leverage and length. The thick, flat, curved handles stay balanced in your hand, and don't tilt at inconvenient moments like other thin-handled pans do. They have an Old World feel to them, both in heft and looks, except this is stainless steel. This saucier will be perfect for sauce making and reduction, and braising of smaller pieces of meat, or even making vegetable stock. Once you get used to the heft of the saucier and maneuver it well with one hand, you won't want to go back to the lighter weight pans. You will probably find yourself using this saucier for practically everything, everyday
Sharp Knife. Great utility knife.  I found the walnut handle a little rough which was easily fixed by rubbing hand soap on it and cleaning off excise
I love it!. I love my new steamer. I cannot use chemical cleaners in my home or degreasers. The McCulloch steam cleaner melts the grease spots right off my stove, cleans my kitchen floor so quickly.
BEAUTIFUL SHEET SET. This is a great sheet set.  Nice cotton.  The only thing I would advise is taking them out of the dryer while they are alittle damp and putting them on the bed.  They don't wrinkle as bad that way and don't have to iron them. They are a very nice cotton, not lightweight, but just right.  I've enjoyed them very much.  Would recommend!!
Best Value for the money, as well as a timeless style. We've had this set for twenty years this fall.  The set looks as good as the day we took it out of the boxes (which we still have, BTW), and after all the abuse the set has taken, there has been one casualty.  Think about it - a service for twelve, used every day for twenty years, and not babied in the slightest, and one bowl gets chipped.  I bought a replacement from Amazon's open stock for a very reasonable price, and the new bowl has blended in with the set, and I expect it to last as long as the twenty-year old stuff.  Homer Laughlin potteries has been arond a long time and has a good reputation, but reputation or not, my dishes were well worth the price.We have the black dishes, which make the food look good, no matter what we serve on it.  We've never had a guest who didn't comment favorably on our "righteous cool" dinnerware.  The dinner plates are a generous size but may not lie flat in smaller cabinets.  The salad plates are the perfect size for a child's meal or a small lunch, and the the two sizes of bowl will suit every dining need.  The small bowl will give a child or dieter all the soup they want, while the more generous soup bowl will hold enough for a hungry adult.  The number of add-on dishes is endless, and one could make it a lifetime hobby, discovering and buying them all.  But that's certainly not required -- two or three sets like this (depending on how big a family you have or how much you entertain), plus a couple of serving bowls, a covered casserole and a gravy boat provide a perfectly adequate number of dishes for the average family that has better things to do than baby fine china
Great for way more than just reading!. This booklight has revolutionized my night life.  I love the Xtra Flex.  It takes 3 AAA batteries which makes it much more cost effective, and easy to replace.  The light is plenty bright for any reading I've tried to do in a completely dark room.  The flexible neck makes it so you can adjust the angle for anything, and it stays in place.  The base is sturdy enough for it to balance on a flat surface, so I can set it on my nightstand and use it like a desk lamp.  This feature made my life so much easier with a newborn.  I set one next to the changing table and I was able to change my daughters diapers in the middle of the night without having to get her really awake by turning on the over head light.  Since I could adjust the angle of the light, I could set it directly on her diaper area with no concern for missing spots.  I now clip one on to the arm of the glider and face the light outwards so I can read to her at night before I put her to bed. Again, no overhead light helps set the mood for calm and sleep, but the light is direct and bright where I need it on the pages of the book instead of a dim overhead light.  We have a couple of these in the house and I would recommend them to anyone! They come in all kinds of colors, not just purple.
Single serving platter. Sango stoneware has been great for us for everyday use.  Good feel with smooth surfaces including the bottom so it doesn't scratch.  I've built up a whole collection of Sango Gold Dust after seeing it at Bed Bath and Beyond.  Pick up items on sale, no need to pay regular price.Keep in mind this item is one serving platter.  I mistakenly thought it was going to be a set of square dinner plates.  This item was delivered shattered probably due to very rough handling in shipping, so be sure to check the product shortly after delivery
Worth every penny!. This set is a great way to get a few basic cookware pieces, however, once you start cooking with this truly outstanding cookware, you'll want to buy more. Over the years, I have spent hundreds of dollars on another well-known commercial cookware brand, but All-Clad is far superior. The stainless looks great and is a breeze to care for. The handles stay comfortable and the pots are really well-balanced, making them very easy to handle. They heat evenly and cook uniformly, even over low and medium heat. I am very pleased with All-Clad's performance on my radiant cooktop. I would recommend this line of cookware to anyone interested in quality and performance. Well worth every penny
First one rec'd was damaged. I'm giving this four stars because the first model I received had several scratches and even small rust marks (eek!) on the front (thank goodness for Amazon.com's easy and convenient return/exchange policy).  Also, as noted by other reviewers, it is REALLY noisy!  Either find it a nice closet or close the door or something because it's worse than most automatic bread makers.The fact that I'm still giving it four stars though means that I thought it did a terrific job making ice cream, which is the most important thing anyway.  I have used several ice cream makers over the years, either adding salt/ice or pre-freezing those maddening little bowls that never seem to make enough ice cream (and then you have to wait another 48 hours to make more).  No longer!  With this machine, you really can make batch after batch and the quality of the ice cream is wonderful.  I'm also all right with the small yield because (1) you can always freeze more if you need it right away and (2) homemade ice cream is best fresh anyway - it's so good you don't want to let it languish in your freezer and get all frozen-dry-gross!A food scientist friend of mine agreed with other comments that you should let your ice cream mix set in the fridge overnight.  I forget what she called the process but it basically lets all of the flavors develop (freezing suspends this process so if you freeze it right away you won't tend to get as good a flavor).Even the low-fat vanilla ice cream I made was delicious and, in my opinion, better than regular mass-produced ice cream.  And even with cooking the ingredients the prep time was less than a half hour of work and really, really easy.  In all, even with the slight hassle of the exchange, I am very, VERY happy with this purchase
Perfect for a good walk. This pedometer is great. It's very small and very light. I forget it's even there. It keeps me motivated to walk more and the radio is wonderful for walks around the neighborhood. I have dropped it a couple of times, but it has not damaged the Pedometer at all. It's a great product and I definitely recommend it
Handy Kitchen Chair/Stool. Pros:  Easy to put together.  Solidly built.  Serves a duel purpose as chair and step stool.  Looks nice in kitchen.Cons:  Not for a large person to sit on - the seat is small.  Step stool part does not tilt out (like the older ones did), but slides out making it difficult to move the chair without hitting your shins.  The "stupid ugly" warning label telling you not to stand on padded seat is right on front of seat frame and is difficult to remove.Overall:  We are pleased with it.  We rate it a 5 star because there is nothing else in the marketplace we could find to serve the purpose it does
Happy cat!. Kitty forgot all about the couch with this thing. He loves the catnip that it comes with and you can refill it with catnip as well. They need to be replaced monthly, as the real scritch wears out. I recommend the double wide because kitty also uses it to just sit on.
Awesome snow cone machine!. I got one of these when i was 10 two years ago, and it works great! It uses ice cubes from your freezer and is very easy to use. It is easy to operate; you just put in the ice, plug it in, and press on the button on the top in a downward motion and it creates very fine snow if you push lightly, and just a little rougher if you push hard. This product is also easy to clean up and store so it isn't very time consuming like other snow cone machines. I would highly recommend this to anyone
a missing part on the rice cooker. Actually this is not a review.  I've been using aroma rice cookers for a while and I really like them.  Lately I purchased the above model and the little rubber (like a gasket) on the lid was lost.  Is there a way that I can get one.  I do not have a manual to look up for the 1-800- phone no.  Is there a customer service no that i can call and try to get the part.  Thank yo
great coffee maker. The coffee maker works great and is good for making one cup of coffee or one travel mug of coffee
Easier to use than a pot holder. This thing is great! It slides right over the handle of a Calphalon pot/pan and it really keeps the heat out. Plus, it fits just right, so unlike a pot holder you don't have to worry about it slipping while you are holding a hot handle.
Excellent product. I purchased this product about 6 months and I use very hardly every day with no problem .I don't any complain ,product just very well made and very well work,that's I decided got second one . Jan.
Love this tea maker!. I've never written a review before, but I had to write one for this.  I've had this tea maker for about three years, and I've never had one problem with it.  No leaks, perfect tea (you choose how many tea bags to use based upon how strong you want the tea), the carafe is easy to store in the fridge, it comes out like new every time after being put thru the dishwasher, and no cracked carafe.  It's a full pitcher of tea that lasts me all day, even with two kids sharing sips of it with me.  I bought my parents a different, more expensive tea maker, and they've had no end of problems with it.  I'm buying them this one as a replacement
Just what we wanted. While neither small nor inexpensive,this appliance performs all the tasks we wanted in a very handsome package.  Sensible and well marked  controls means its instruction book is only 24 pages instead of the 150 pages we have come to expect from electornics.  It toasts perfectly. It  boils a cup of water, a standard microwave benchmark, in about 2 minutes.  In short, you sacrifice nothing to get the single cabinet.  I think you could buy two separate appiances for about the same amount, but it would take up a little more room and look much less attractive.
Brother ES2000 sewing machine. Great price,easy to use, the speed control pedal takes some getting use to though. All things considered a good all around machine
A fine fan for any purpose. This fan is an excellent value for its price.  It gives 3 options for style of air flow nd 3 speeds.  Additionally, it is easy to move the head up and down so that you can either just circulate the air or actually have the air blow at body level.  I bought this fan because my old one had "died" in the middle of a hot summer.  This one filled the bill and is effective in a small to medium sized room.The only reason that I did not give this fan a rating of 5 is because it has begun to hesitate when it swings to the right.  This has happened to other similar fans I have had, but not so soon after purchase.  If you're mechanical, you can probably correct the problem by yourself.I do recommend this fan for anyone and any place.  Oh, did I say the remote is perfect???  Because I am handicapped, it saves me from getting up and down too often
Chantal baker review. This baker is sturdy and of good size for those pocket oven sizes. I wish Chantal still made them enamel on metal, but oh well
Nice little filter. I bought this for my dorm room. We have horrible tasting water here, and this little filter does an excellent job of removing the bad taste. I have not had any problems with leaking or broken parts, I think it is very well made. The selector between filtered water and non-filtered water is very handy and also works exactly as it should. I've been using it for nearly two months now. The light on the from that tells you when to change the filter is a nice idea and works fine. On the down side, the replacement filters are a tad expensive, but still cheaper than Pur and other brands. I like it and would recommend it to anyone who is drinking processed water. It also makes well water a little more palatable
Very Handy. We use these more than any other dishware items in our pantry. They go from the fridge to the microwave to the oven. Plus, they are indestructable, whether dropped, banged in the dishwasher, or otherwise abused. They are pretty small however; U can fit a can of corn or heat up a  chicken breast or two in the microwave, but not much more fits into it. We have 8 for a family of 4, and we could use a couple more if we had the space. So buy extras
Excellent bread slicer. Prior to getting the slicer, I had been using an electric knife and a bread slicing guide to slice homemade bread.  This was always less than satisfactory, but I had not been able to find an electric bread slicer that didn't cost thousands of dollars, until just the other day, an internet search turned up the Chef's Choice 632 which could be used to slice bread.  I ordered it and the package came today.  I couldn't wait to try it out and sure enough, it exceeded my wildest dreams for smoothly slicing my homemade bread.  For me, it is worth the cost just for this alone, but I am also looking forward to using it to slice meats for sandwiches.  All in all, a very reasonably priced slicer for home use
Fantastic Product. This indoor grill is really great. When you get ready to use it just turn the timer dial to 5 minutes to pre heat & then your ready to GRill the many types of foods you like. easy to clean.  ED Bartolin
Good value pet bed. My dog loves his new bed.  It's large and quite deep - very good value for the money.  Haven't washed it yet so don't know how good that will be.  Only thing negative is I wish the interior stuffing was a bit firmer so would keep its shape longer.
great toaster. I've had trouble with all toasters in the past. Never had I found one that worked without a cooling period between slices. My grandaughters came over for a visit and gave the toaster a workout. The toast was the same ever time, slice after slice, without any cooling period. Thank you for a product that actually works
I'm the only one. Well I must be the only one who likes this product. I've haven't had any problems with it. I like the speed. The fact the grounds basket is removable for easy cleaning. I've always opened the lid when pouring coffee, and have had no problems with spilling. I've always opened the lid on every coffee maker I've ever owned. The auto brew is extremely easy to set up. The auto off makes one less worry. I've been very happy with this coffee maker. But looks as if I'm the only one
THE PERFECT PEN FOR MY POMERANIAN. After shopping around for a small pen for my pomeranian, I came across this very functional one. It is perfect for people living in small apartments or even studios. No complications at all putting it together. It looks really nice and my "Lola" just loves it! I bought one for my daughter's poms too. I highly recomend this product
Best by test. I love my KitchenAid 2-slice toaster.  It is the best I have had, and I have had a lot of brands throught he years. It is tall and has wide slots to hold bread of every height and width. The heat adjustments are easy to use, and I love the bagel function for thick-sliced bagels, english muffins, etc.  I love the removable crumb tray too, that makes it easy to keep clean. I love it. I am very glad I bought it.
Great Product, Great Price. I have several brands of silicone baking mats and these are just as good as the ones costing twice as much... highly recommended
Best pasta pot. I originally bought the 10 piece set and loved it so much that I keep adding on.  This is my latest addition and I love it just as much as the rest.  The pot is oval so that you don't have to break up your long pasta noodles and it has a pouring spout on the side for easy draining.  It's also super easy to clean
I love my mogu. I love my mogu doll this is the third one that I have purchased.  I now have two and my sister-in-law who always wanted to steal mine now has her own
Cuisinart stainless steel carafe. Reading other reviews it all depends on what you want when it comes to a rating. This is a no frills coffee pot which is what I wanted. I got it for use in our toy hauler/travel trailer and wanted a stainless steel carafe. I found them hard to find in the smaller size so was happy when I found this one. The coffee tastes just fine. I didn't have any trouble filling the coffee maker with water, pouring the coffee into the cups or removing the pot from the coffee maker. (Note this is not the coffee maker I would choose for my home use that is when I want the frills
Roaster. This is the absolute best roaster I have ever owned. I love it!!
Heirloom Quality. I held out a long time before plunking down the cash to purchase a Le Creuset.  I waited to find a model that had the potential to justify its cost.  It's expensive - and I haven't seen them on sale - but this piece falls in the category of your favorite knife or cast iron skillet, namely, once you have it, you realize you've been compromising for years.  FWIW, I'm not saving up to buy more; this one is sufficient.  The oval size is optimum for browning meat and the 6.75 quart capacity is perfect for making comfort food for a family of four.
Ten paws up from my five furry friends. This is by far the most popular cat toy I own.  All five of my cats love playing with it.  I think they prefer the smaller size, too.After months of abuse, the Crazy Circle is still going strong and shows no signs of wear
Good pizzelles. It's a little on the small side. The clasp is fragile and sticks. Easily breakable clasp. Makes good pizzelles, though
Sharp Cutter. We've all at one point seen different items all on those as seen on T.V. infomercials. Sadly, there are most products that don't deliver as much as they had all claimed to be. For the Miracle Blade Company, an all those knives they hand out, they absolutely deliver in staying sharp, and and cut as sharp on anything. The slicer, which is mostly used for carving roasts, ham and turkey and cutting up bread, really thrives and delivers on the promise of simple and easy cutting. The other knives and cutlery, are simple to use, and are easy for cooking and everyday uses. I love using these because they really are worth the money. If you a knife set that absolutely works, I really recommend the Miracle Blade III.Price: B+Convience: A-Quality: B+Overall: B+
keeps coffee warm. handy to have on the the table beside you, keeps the coffee at a good temperature-
pizza pan. This is a wonderful pizza pan.  Makes great pizza and is easy to clean, although, it's a little heavy
Good desk heater. I bought this heater for a lady at work. While it is not the quietest heater, it is perfect for heating under a desk in a busy office
Batali Pizza Pan. The Batali pan is a lot heavier than expected but the handles make it easy to manage. I've only tried using the pan to bake pizza so far and, using my favorite pizza crust recipe, the pan proved to be a very worthwhile investment. I like that it baked the crust quickly at a lower oven temperature than was required with baking stones. It also does an excellent job of drying out the crust to make a nice crunchy feel. That's the way we like our pizza. I'm looking forward to trying it on a few other items - pancakes, roasted vegetables, etc. The pan is definitely worth the price
VERY SATISFIED CUSTOMER. Item arrived on time and in excellent condition.  It was exactly as I expected
Pretty Good Value. I've cleaned my wedding rings and watches with it and am happy with its performance.  No, it does not clean as well as the ones at the jewelry store... nevertheless, it gets the "in-between" job done quite nicely
Excellant Product. I own the Krups coffee machine and this filter is excellant for filtering your water prior to brewing the coffee.  I have had problems finding replacements but am pleased to see that amazon is carrying them
Nice teapot for any kitchen. Have been looking for a simple teapot that can withstand daily use.  I found this Cobalt Teapot and ordered it!  It looks good with any setting and holds quite a bit-enough for 4-5 cups of tea. Does not give tea an off-taste.  Handle gets a tad bit hot lower end, but not enough to cause a burn. This would make a very nice gift for any tea drinker
Perfect for smaller family. This is a very nice little crock pot.  I've used it several times and have been very happy with it.  The removable crock itself is a little thinner than my old crockpot and I feel I may have to be more careful with it but it's a great size for a family of 2 to 4 people and works very well
Play it again..........Tiger~~~. I purchased several of these as gifts last xmas for Bosse's,etc and they loved them. It is a wonderful easy game to have on a desk for others to play. It is fun and at the same time frustrating and the two that I purchased are still like brand new so reading the other feedback I'm very suprised it broke, must of had some rough play with it because you cannot play rough with it and should not have to. I will buy others in the future!!
So Easy Your Husband Can Install. Purchased this for my cat who loves to sit in the window in the summertime. Now that the windows need to be closed this was a great way for him to continue spying on the neighbor's dogs. The platform took just a few minutes to put up and the cat loves the feel of the sheepskin.  He is constantly kneading it. The platform is plenty wide for him to stretch out on and it does not intrude too far into the room. The item also looks better in person. The underneath support bars are much nicer than shown. I only wish you could move it from window to window for a change of scenery. I will be purchasing another one shortly. At this price it is too good to pass up
Great Knife. I purchased this item for a Christmas gift for my mother in law.  She absolutely loved it!!  It was packaged nicely and even though I ordered it a little late, I got it before Christmas and was able to WOW the Rachel Ray fanatic of the family
Swissmar raclette grill. Works great! I like the temperature control. I have an older, European model with only an ON/OFF switch and I must say the temp control is much better. We only do raclette maybe twice a year, so I can't speak to the durability of the product
Simmons Beautyrest Waterproof Mattress Pad. This is one of two waterproof mattress pads that are used in my household.  The other pad holds water when washed and takes forever to dry.  The Simmons does neither.  Washes and dries beautifully in addition to going on the mattress easier than the other
Cuisinart Sandwich Grill. I bought this for my daughter to take away for the summer. She loves it! It's easy for her to use (she doesn't cook anything else - not interested) and she loves the results. Amazon had a great price too
Comes with 2 trays. After a great deal of research on a number of web pages I've found that this add-a-tray is a package that has 2 (two) trays.  It's not easy to tell this from the product description!(I will be ordering this and I haven't received it yet so I can't comment any further.  My rating is based on a combination of my expectations, the price, and the fact that there are 2 trays there.
great for the price. Don't expect this to be the same quality as Corningware, it isn't. Lots of useful pieces, not positive about quality re: how they will hold up, but the range of sizes offers lots of options.
Great merchandise. I love the soap dispenser and I'm glad I brought 2 of them. The seller was great at getting them to me in such a short time
Handy little bug. I purchased one of these for my elderly mother.  It is very easy to use and works just as advertised!  The only problem we have had with it so far is once, when she tried to use it on a can with a dented rim.  I would definitely recommend this product to anyone wanting an electric can opener
Great for dressings, sauces. Handy little gadget when you don't want bits of herbs and spices in your salad dressings or gravies, etc.  Its not a "must have" but it is convenient
The good and bad with this collar. I have two dogs that seem to love to bark at any and everything!  So I bought two collars to try and train them.Here's what I found.....  The both work great as long as you follow the instructions as far as collar tightening and hair trimming so as to make a good connection.What has upset me is that one collar has stopped working after just two 12 hour periods of use.I have switched batteries between both collars and it isn't the batteries.So... I would recommend it, but just be aware that they must be fragile because one stopped working after a very short time
Good deal for the money. My friend is going through a divorce, and his soon-to-be ex-wife took everything she could, including the silverware.  I had this set sent to my friend, and he's very pleased with them.
Hamilton Beach Stand 12 Speed. I just received this product.  It works great.  It is sturdy.  It is also just like they say it is. Easy to use.  Easy to maintain
At Last!. At last, a practical way to preserve our wine. We have tried many systems and sprays. These stoppers are durable, effective and easy to use. The best we have found! Thanks
Pink leather wrapped travel mug. I have been looking for a nice drinking mug for work.  This one looked very pretty (and feminine).  It turned out to be even nicer than it looked.  For starters, it keeps liquids cold for HOURS.  The nicest part about this mug is the lid.  It screws on so even clumsy people like me can't drop it and have the lid pop off.  The lid has 360 degree accessability.  You can drink at any point all the way around.  No more missing the hole and pouring your beverage in your lap.  The last thing is the lid locks.  It actually has a spinning lock that truly LOCKS your beverage inside.  It even says "closed" and "open" in the different positions.  Nothing sneaks out.  It locks tight.  I just LOVE this mug
so far so good. With only  90 days of use, can only say 'so far ,so good'.Pretty much as advertised(with the exception that it is fairly noisey.)If you have need for ultra-violet germ fighting light(which you can turn off&on),washable ionic filter then this will fit your needs..Considering its barreled/odd shape & rather large size, placement is a minor issue.Small complaint but assume necessary to design..Be aware that is does deposit some dust etc.on adjacent walls.However:Filter washes nicely..Ease of maintenance.Now if it gives long term service would say it deserves 5 stars
Rich quality, unbelievable value!. Just got the two sets that I ordered yesterday and am thrilled with them. The quality is fabulous .. better than anything I have seen in bed and bath  or department stores. The suede feel is very luxurious and substantial without being overly heavy. I got this camel set (as well as the paisley) and the color is very elegant and rich .. not too light or yellow looking. I bought this to layer with some other linens (such as a fabulous throw) to get a designer look on a budget. This camel set will do the trick no matter what color scheme you are using .. neutrals, cool or warm colors will all work with this so you can easily trade out other accessories with each season without spending a fortune to get a fresh look.(The paisley set is also very luxurious-looking  .. very rich, warm and deep colors that give a Ralph Lauren look to the set.)I highly recommend this set if you are looking for something new and versatile for your bedroom.
Beautiful color. I absolutely love the new Scarlet color by Fiestaware.  Mine did arrive in one piece which is a miracle as the box looked like it had been used for soccer practice -- sometimes I think those Fragile stickers result in box abuse!I was surprised at how small it was, but it did say 6" and 6" it is.  You won't bake a pie in it (unless you make individual ones) but it will be great for dips and sauces
Excellent saute pan. T-Fal is an excellent quality and a good buy.  Nice, heavy pan and very "non-stick".  Now I just have to find a lid to fit it's large size!
Worth every penny!. I was looking for a vacuum for my hardwood and tile when I found the electrolux. Initially, it was a little more than I wanted to spend but in the end, based on other reviews, I decided to give it a shot. I love the swivel head, I love that there is no cord andmy husband loves the mini vac that comes with it. Because the vacuum is charged and not on a cord it is so nice and easy to pull out all the time, my house has never been cleaner
Tried Them All-This Is The Best. I have a ton of Stainless Steel in my modern loft, including all large and small appliances. I've tried many SS cleaners and they all fell short. Most would leave streaks and/or were hard to use. The Cerama Bryte works great and a bottle lasts a long time. I highly recommend this product
Huge Savings on This Fantastic KitchenAid Saucier Pan!!!!. The distribution of heat in this pan is super!Great for gravies and sauces. I have found it practical for stir fry and other similar cooking. Stir frying can reduce fats and is usually a pretty healthy way to eat a wide variety of veggies and other delightful ingredients. I even use it to pop brown rice or basmati rice. Ever tried hot puffed rice? Sometimes I eat it just like pop corn but often just for a different way of serving rice. This pan is deep enough with or without the lid to keep it from popping out of the pan (depending how much you start with). It is also useful to cook or finish foods in the oven up to 500 degrees. And it is KitchenAid. I expect it to outlast me
This is NOT white, it is off white. Nice blanket, I sent it back, it is not SNOW white, it is off-white, ivory, whatever you would like to call it, but it is not white
Good Investment- Does the job WELL.... I spent some time searching around, with my criteria being of course cost-effectiveness, low noise, and mostly the ability to clean the air effectively.  I was initially under the impression that the replacement filters would save me a lot *(over previously systems I had owned), but that was not the most important selling point.  I am now shopping for filters, and realizing that it is a two-step process... getting both the carbon screen and the entire filter.  While I am shopping around for the best deal, I am planning to meanwhile just use the vacumn to prolong the life of the existing carbon screen and filter.... seems to be ok to do.  I highly recommend this product.... GREAT UNIT
We love it!. The chocolate fountain is super easy to set up and whisper quiet.  It has been a big hit with our friends and family.  It has taken us longer to melt chocolate in the basin than the manual recommended, but it works fine.  Our fountain came with 4 lbs. of chocolate - another reviewer indicated that their fountain did not (maybe their fountain was the Select model rather than the Classic model)
Works like a champ. This Stockpot works well.  Handle stays cool.  Capacity is great.  Looks well contructed too
Great design; but. This pan is great from the design point of veiw; except that its handle is made so fragile. It could break easily if not handled with care. When I first received it, the packing was poorly done and because of that the handle was broken. I observed the handle and noticed that it could break easily if not handled with care. But the baking surface is excellent and the look is excellent too. So I re-ordered it and I am hoping that this time I will get it in tact.Well, I finally got the second shipment. I still think the packaging is poor for such a fragile item. The packaging from the manufacturer is itself not good; to top it off Amazon's packing was poor also; which is very unusual. Hopefully this will serve as a constructive criticism for future improvement
I like it---I love it!!!!. This is truly a great machine.  My husband has lost over 20 lbs. on a low carb diet and has ice cream every night!!!!  I would recommend this machine to everyone that loves homemade ice cream
drain rack with drainage tray. drain rack was great.  Drainage tray underneath was completely shattered in shipping process so I just used an old tray that I already had that was in good condition.  The shipment arrived in a timely manner and appeared to be packed well despite the breakage.
My beagle loves this toy!. You know, beagles... they collect, shred, destroy anything they can find.I put my beagle to a crate when I go to work (not necessary I want to, but for his safety). I put 2 Kongs to the crate with him so he can play hours and hours (and hopefully last 10 hours).Now he loves to go to the crate. Even when I'm at home, he sleeps and play his Kong inside the crate. So, Kong definately helps for crate training!Only problem is, because he plays Kong all the time and takes  everywhere in the house, I lose tracking. So, I will buy another one for backup
Hand held vacuum. I have a regular sized vacuum but bought this for more convenient use in obscure locations.  I am very pleased as it is as advertised and 'filled the bill.'De
Sango Nova Brown Pitcher. This pitcher is exactly what I ordered.  It arrived on time and in good condition.
NIce Bowls but set of 2 doesn't mean price for 2. Nice product, however description says 24.00 set of two. 24.00 is for one bowl. I needed 4 so I ordered what I thought was 2 orders of 2 for 48.00 and received only 2 bowls..
Great Gift!. I bought this for my boyfriend for his "man's room"....he loves it!  It keeps beer cold and it looks great
I love it!!. I bought this french press to replace a glass one that broke. I love that this one has the unbreakable beaker; I plan on taking it camping and it's reassuring to know it's not going to break. Coffee out of a french press is the best coffee I've ever had and I feel excited every time I get to brew it
Dyson DC 14 Full-Kit Upright Bagless Vacuum - Better than expected!. I've purchased so many vacuum cleaners in the past few years and I hated them all.  Usually because the cord was too short, the hose wasn't long enough to reach the stairs, the unit would tip over when I used the hose, the bag was messy to change, my bagless filters clogged too fast and wouldn't suck, and the filters are expensive!  Other vacuums I purchased were too heavy, too noisy, too hard to roll, etc....are you still with me?  Then you must know what I mean!  I got tired of buying vacuum cleaners and not liking them when it came down to really using them.Finally my husband said enough!  He had heard that Dyson made a good vacuum cleaner, but I didn't want to spend over $300 for another vacuum that I will hate!  This one is everything I could ask for!  Imagine a light vacuum cleaner that hugs the floor, even when you vacuum under furniture, it retains it's suction on the carpet!  It doesn't tip over when you use the hose and it's so light when I use the attachments on the stairs, that I didn't notice how long the hose is.  It seems to be long enough for all of my needs.  This unit is easy to roll and just feels like a Cadillac when I'm using it.  It doesn't rattle or vibrate too much and is definitely the quietest one I've ever had.  Emptying the bagless container is as easy as pressing a button and the filter can be washed every six months.  It came with a spare, so I don't have to wait for the filter to dry before I can vacuum again.  Well, sorry to have written a book, but I can't say enough good things about this vacuum
Only product that acutually works!!. I have tried numerous other products and this by far is the best!  I had a problem with other cats spraying on my patio and porch and nothing seemed to work.  I have four cats of my own and they do no spray but other cats mark their boundaries in my yard.  I used Just for Cats where the boundaries were made, it took the smell away, the stain and kept other cats from making more boundaries.  Truy amazing product.  I would recommend to anyone having problems with cats spraying.  It really works
Love it!. No more messy fingers.  This is the most awesome tool for peanut butter, Mayo, and even butter.  Love it!  Also great for scraping out bowls.
Like it. I like the Dualit 25364....I didn't give it 5 stars because I never give anything a top rating.  The toaster is an attractive design...and easy to use
Review of Delonghi TRR0715 Retro Oil-Filled Radiator. I purchased this Oil-Filled Radiator Heater in mid-December 2000. I am very happy with its performance. It is a very handsome unit; so it complimentsthe other pieces in the Living Room area . I set this heater on minimumrather than maximum and I find that at this setting the Living Room and Dining area are kept quite warm . I purchased a DeLonghi Oil-Filled Radiatorabout two years ago and liked the type of heat it produced , not dry orhumid but just comfortable . I like model TRR0715 even better. A few of my friends and neighbors are also quite taken with this unit also
Just what I needed. This stow away ironing board is just what I needed for quick morning ironing without dragging out the ironing board.  Big enough for most shirts, skirts, etc., and quickly put away
Good set with one exception. Just got these about 3 weeks ago.  They cook very well and I really like the see though lids.  The only thing I consider a con is that the food cooked in the pans can collect around the "rivet" that was used to secure the handle to the pan.  Kind of a pain to keep that area clean.  Overall very satisfied with the pans
A really beautiful wisk. I too bought this wisk since I had read in a review that it was all silicone. But I have been really happy with the quality and also the design.  The shape of the handel makes it a dream to use.  Also I was tired of scratching my Le Creuset pans so it has been a god send
The Best Garlic Press. This is a really good product.  My husband and I like this new Zyliss garlic press a lot better than the old Zyliss garlic press we had.  Somehow, the new design is easier for the hand when pressing
Love, Love, Love IT!. How did I ever live withouth this little baby? Lots of power, easy to handle, super easy clean up. I use it fo reverything from making smoothies to pureeing soups, to chopping nuts. Great purchase. I won't be buying a new food processor after all
Dirt Devil CE7900 Platinum Force Carpet Extractor. I bought this steam cleaner because I heard its the best one yet!  I agree!  It works wonderful!  The only down fall for me is that is kind of heavy and for a little house wife like myself, its hard to push it around for longer than 10 minutes.  Maybe I need to get to the gym.  Overall, I love it
If you cook a lot with a lot of whole herbs and spices you need this little gadget. An avid home cook that is a collector of both cookbooks and cooking gadgets writes this review.  I purchased this product because I was tired of fishing bay leaves and herb stems out of my dishes and did not want to bother with cheesecloth bundles or straining sauces.  I have summarized my observations of this product below:Pros:1.	No more hunting for the last annoying bay leaf in the sauce2.	Small size means it is easy to store3.	Easy to clean by hand because it is stainless steel4.	Fine mesh also makes a nice pot of tea or herb infused wine or vinegarCons:1.	Due to its the light weight it could be a problem in a dishwasher, although I haven't tried it there because it is so easy to clean by handOverall, if you do a lot of cooking, and use a lot of whole herbs and spices this little gadget is much easier than straining sauce, making a cheesecloth bundle or searching for bay leaves and herb stems in your finished dish.  My only regret is that I didn't purchase this product sooner
Sleep Well. The pillows are fantastic.  At first I did not know if I would be happy because they were quite firm but they have softened up and I do hope they do not become too soft too soon.  Right now they offer great support for our heads and I do not wake up with a stiff neck
Great product. For some reason I thought I'd ordered the gray but the white is very nice.  I have a colored comforter underneath it so it is a little bit thin, but very soft, very nice and easy to clean.  I would definitely buy from this store again
After a year, fully satisfied with the product. I bought this item in Feb of 2006 and have had many opportunities to give it a full test. I love it compared to the other style of pressure cookers. It just takes a little getting use to the different sound it makes when it is under pressure since there is no jiggler. I consider the safety features to be of great importance. It seals very fast. I highly recommend this pressure cooker for anyone that enjoys this type of cooking
great looking and comfy. I got the love seat and chair and found them easy to put together with some additional tools. The allen wrench they provided was good for outside bolts, but the inner bolts were tough to screw in with the wrench they provided. So I used some of my own tools and put both pieces together under 40 mins. The loveseat and chair look wonderful. I'm usually not one to buy matching seating except for around a table, but these pieces look nice together. They have a simple elegance that can be repeated without being overbearing to the rest of the room's decor. The wood is rich, dark and beautiful and the microfiber feels like a soft suede creating a very expensive looking and feeling piece. The velvety sides add a nice touch. Delivery was a little agrivating. However, I am esthatic about the quality of this furniture. It's impressive both in looks and feel. I bought this furniture for my tv room, I'd make it my living room furniture, but by keeping it in the tv room, I'm more likely to use it more often. I'm really looking forward to college football games in the Fall...but I won't rush summe
Extremely pleased with the fiestaware black lunch plate. Great item.  Rec'd it in wonderful shape.  Packaged well to withstand droppage and anything else that might have happened to it.
Office Chair. The chair is very comfortable although the seat is kind of at an awkward slant.  That's the only thing I don't like about it.  Other than that, it's great!
Awesome Carpet Cleaner. My carpets feel and look brand new after using the SteamVac!  I love how soft it feels, so I have been using the steamvac at least every 3-4 weeks.  The suction is great, and my carpets dry super fast.  I agree with the other reviews not to use more than half of the solution that is called for
Culinary who can read a product description and loves good cookware!. This stock pot is enamel on steel, not cast iron, it was never meant to be. No reason for any confusion. I've had mine for 5 years, there are no chips or scratches. No matter what I've made; spaghetti sauce, posole or any kind of soup. Nothing has ever burned, nor has the enamel come away from the pot. Turn the heat down, I always get perfect results.LeCreuset comes with a great guarantee in regards to workmanship and defects. Shame on anyone who purchases cookware in this day and age and doesn't follow up with the manufacturer when there is an issue such as some I've read above
Good for the money. The pots and pans were delivered very quickly to my residence.  The items were well packaged. Since we just moved into our apartment, we began using them.  The pots and pans had sturdy construction and was relatively easy to clean.  The only drawback would be the lid handles.  Those became very hot to the touch, and you would need a hand towel or an oven mitt to handle it.  (On a side note, The lid handles are clear glass, so that is definitely a plus!)Overall, I am quite satisfied with the purchase.  They were under $100.00 for the set, so we are happy with it.Although I did not hear of the Pinzon brand before, I was surprised with the quality.  I even purchased a oven roaster w/rack from Pinzon as well
Great value!!  Love  them. This end table is even nicer than described.  It is obviously not an expensive piece of furniture but it is a lovely piece, especially for such a reasonable price.  I bought 2 and put them together myself in a matter of minutes.  I love them
Attractive, elegant and comfy!. These stools are very nice for the price, they have a comfortable white fabric seat, they make my kitchen table look much nicer! I had tall bulky seats which were annoying, these fit right under my table light and easy to push in and out. I do have one drawback that is why I didn't rate it a 5 the measurements for the stools which Target gives, maybe they are measuring from the bottom but the cushion area is a square 13x13 and one of my stools has a small chip in the wood under the seat which looks as if it was done when the cushion was attached. But these are small mistakes compared to how much more nice it is to sit at my kitchen table now and delivery was very quick, packing was also very good overall I recommend these stools! and Target! Thanks! :
Christmas gift. Was very pleased to find this product on amazon.com.  I found them on sale at Kohl's and after calling and driving to several stores could not find the colors I wanted.  My daughter said to check Amazon and there I found all the colors I wanted and also they were less expensive.  Very very pleased.Helen
So far so good. I like the style of it, and I like how you can use the inner piece on the stove, that has worked nicely. I had a hard time getting anything to simmer though when just using the crockpot. I had to put it on the stove to get it going then transfer it.
Chocolate Pot. This chocolate pot works great. It takes a little longer to melt the chocolate than claimed, but it doesn't take too long, and it does melt the chocolate very creamily.  Easy to clean up too. I have used candy melts and chopped up chocolate bars in it. Works great with both
Top Notch Sheets. I've owned these sheets now for well over a year, and they are of simply top notch quality. In fact, they've been the ONLY sheets I've used for over a year, because they're so comfortable and soft. They're washed once a week in hot water and tumbled dry, (not babied) and they still look and feel like new. No pilling, no split threads... it's as if they just came out of the package. How many sheet sets can you say this about? I don't understand what anyone could find objectionable about these fantastic bed clothes! I have a double pillow top queen mattress, and they fit without a problem every time. Great value, comfort and durability. Highly recommended
Beautiful and Very Sturdy. This set far exceeds my expectations!  There are so many expensive all weather wicker sets and I was so apprehensive about the quality.  I was so wrong.  It looks just like the expensive sets, at half the price!!  I'm thrilled
The BEST pizza cutter on the market!. This is the BEST pizza cutter on the market, and believe me, my husband and I have had several.  It cuts clean and thorough the first time, and cleans up great.  Be sure, though, to put the protective cover back on after you wash and store it, because it IS sharp.  Buy THIS one, not the cheaper, smaller version that KitchenAid has out in Wal-Mart
Not your mother's oven mitts. I was a little hesitant that these would work, but I liked the colors and idea of an oven mitt that cleaned up since mine were badly stained from spills.  These are not rated or advertised as oven mitts, but they work fine for handling Pyrex out of the oven.  These are much thinner than regular oven mitts, but they work abut as well as an average mitt- not as well as heavy duty oven mitts.On the plus side- when something spills on them, they easily rinse off.  The colors are bright, they look different and high tech, and they are easy to use due to the thin material.  On the down side they will burn (melt) just like conventional cloth oven mitts.
A bowl of many uses!. We love these bowls!!  We use them for ice cream and cereal and soup and all sorts of things that the regular bowls were too big for!  The individuality of each piece gives the bowls an old world style which fits right in with the rest of our dinnerwear
good invention. i bought this about a week ago. i am satisfied. it performs as advertised. i drink several cups of hot tea a day and did not want to have to measure with a teaspoon. it also is compact and stores in a cabinet shelf easily. it does not have a cheap look. 2 thumbs up
Totally Amazing!. This stuff cleans amazingly well. Cleans those scrapes from the porcelain sink in the kitchen. Cleans the bathtub. Cleans the stainless steel pots...makes 'em shiny and pretty. No reason to live without it
Perfect for stovetop-to-oven use. Purchased this as a gift in 2004 during an Amazon promotion.  Two years later the cook says it's her favorite pot for combination browning/braising and roasting.  She has a small cooktop which means no other pans can be used simultaneously, but the stovetop-to-oven use is so practical it doesn't really matter.  Also, given the large capacity, this fits much better into her 16" oven than other pans or roasters.  I wish I had bought one for myself instead of Calphlon's 5-quart which is much thinner and lighter than earlier products in the Commercial line
Grocery Bag Holder. Grocery bag holder is sturdy and easy to install.  It holds 30 bags easily
Great value for the price. Pros:-Heats up fast-Very easy to clean-Well madeCons:It would be great if they included the spatula
Does the job but noisy. It really does shift some air but mine has an annoying click/click noise as it rotates.  You can't really use it and watch tv but then again, I don't think this is really meant for domestic use
DeLonghi heater delivers. The Delonghi heater is light weight, has multiple settings, safety knock-over switch, thermostat and a remote. I have moved it room to room and it has worked wonderfully. The price was reasonable. I would buy it again. This is a good brand
Does the job. I used to roast garlic by wrapping it up in foil and putting that in the oven, which proved to be a real pain in the neck.  This roasts the garlic really well, the only thing I can say is that if you drizzle olive oil over the garlic (as I do) that I've experienced some &quot;stickiness&quot; that is hard to get off, but that's probably due more to the oil than the roaster
You'll use this for more than soup!. This has become one of my favorite pots -- it browns things beautifully while the high sides keep the spatters contained.  Compare to the Le Creuset &quot;dutch ovens&quot;, it has a rounder shape at the bottom so it works well for stir fry too. Think of it as an excellent all-purpose pot and you'll find you use it many times a week
Mattress Pad. Couldn't find it in stock at the local stores...easy to order online for the same price
Coffee Lover, NC. Great product...love the light display, easy to use.  Only thing I do not like is that there is no external indicator on water volume.  I have to stand on my tippy toes and look inside where you pour the water to see how many cups.  There is an indicator marked by notches inside the water resivor but difficult to see the marking and not so efficent for a 5'4" person.  Other than that I would recommend it
The best brand of knifes. This is one of the best knifes that I have ever had.  Excellen
Happy with order. I was happy that I could find this!  The order arrived on time.  Thanks.
They have it!. I could not find a store that carries flannel sheets in white like color but Amazon.com Great price too
So sharp. Great set and so sharp.  Completely pleased with all of the knives
I  recommend this tool. Works better than other undercoat tools that cost MUCH more
WOWOWOWOWOOWOOOWOWOOOW. HiThis is the best product ever!I must tell you that it makes great tortillas and the rotis awesome.I got mine from Gandhiappliances very fast shipping.got mine in just 2 days.answered all my questions fast .I tell you he is a great seller.Great customer service.Walked me thru everything step by step.great product and great shipping
The Best. Judge espresso machines by the weight and mass of the brewing handles.  The difference between this machine and the $149 Delonghi-style ones is night and day.  This machine is ready to go from cold start up in 60 seconds.This machine is built like a tank -- you get your money's worth
Decent. Decent block. Didn't realize at the time that I probably could of purchased a whole set of knives (on sale) in a block like this. Shop around
Just What I Was Looking For. I have twin boys and for their 3rd birthday their room was being done in all Thomas the Tank.  These sheets were a real thrill for them.  I only wish they would come in a higher thread count or softer fabric. The boys don't seem to care, however
great slow cooker. I looked for slow cookers for quite awhile before settling on this one.  Needed a programmable one to set in the morning before work and come back.  I've used it about 10 times for all day cooking in the past 2 monthsProsLow oval shape--fits on any shelf in the fridge.  Oval shape allows it to hold more than expected, plus more surface contact with heat.Pretty insert--as one person wrote, the dish itself can be used as a serving dish since it has nice ridges on the sidetwo covers-a plastic one for using the fridge and microwave, suctions very well, no leakage.The only slight issue I've noticed is that unlike the problems with the other slow cookers, esp rival crock-pots, it doesn't cook too quickly or at too high of a heat.  The reverse is actually true--I have to set it on the max every morning, ten hours, and although food is cooked, it's not always fall apart.QVC has a better price and their s/h is cheaper.
Sharp Solid Stainless Style. Another beautiful knife in this series.Wonderful balance and solid forge, well built, great edge, outstanding style.  Only problem with the little paring knife is that it has a tendancy to tip over in my vertical block, somewhat dangerous
Pleasantly Surprised. I bought one of these from a yard sale for use at my small office.   I was getting stuck cleaning up the kitchen and decided to see if this little unit was worth it.   I'd looked at the small Haier unit and was not impressed with the plastic interior.I broke a lot of rules setting this up.   Its not connected to the hot water supply, since I have a very old sink and the only other connection I had was to cold water lines.   Also, the machine is on the floor, under the sink.   I bought new hoses to make the connections.   Luckily, the standard connectors on the back made this easy -  the fill is a standard clothes washer fill line, and the drain can take a piece of garden hose.   I was concerned with the garden hose holding up to very hot wash drain water, but so far its been okay. (If I was installing this anyplace else or using this in my home, I might not be so nonchalant.)My unit was used, from an area where there was very hard water, and the previous owners had never cleaned the innards of the machine.   I soaked everything in CLR to remove the scale from the sump grill, the heating element and the wash arm,  and cleaned the gunk out from under the door seal, and away we went.Since we are in an office, we always use the Sanitary wash to keep the cooties down.  The machine does an excellent job of getting even cold tapwater super hot, and the dishes will flash dry after the cycle is over, if you pop the door open.  The machine has no problem pumping wastewater through the drain line and up 3 feet into the sink.One reason I avoided the plastic tub Haier is noise.  If you load this machine carefully, you can prevent items from clinking against each other too much, and the machine will operate more quietly.  We've found that we can run the machine, have the office radio on, and still comfortably make phone calls without much trouble.My only complaints would be that on occasion, the timer has gotten stuck (once or twice in 100 washes).  Also, some plastic items have been slightly warped by the heater.  Capacity is very decent, probably because the machine is pretty large.  Measure first
Fabulous - it is really working!. We live in New York City and have two cats - younger cats, 18 months and about a year old - needless to say, it would be really nice if we could rid ourselves of the litter box forever. We had originally purchased a cat toilet-training system from another company - it was not nearly as good as this one, in fact, it was a total failure - flimsy plastic, and you couldn't punch out the insert gradually like you can this one. At this point we are almost there - we have punched out about half of the insert, and the cats are acually perching on the toilet seat and aiming for the hole - just incredible. We are very happy! The plastic is strong and easy to clean -
Powerful And Easy To Use. I pulled this blender out of the box and immediately filled it with ice cubes (no water).  I turned it on and gave the cubes a whirl, stopping the blender when I heard the blade run without resistance--a minute or less.  When I took off the lid, there was no ice in the center of the pitcher.  It had all been ground down to a snow-like consistency and was stuck to the inside of the pitcher.  I always use "the ice test" with blenders--if it won't crush up ice for a margarita, it's worthless to me--and I've a graveyard of blenders with dead motors to prove it.With this blender, it was effortless.  Powerful motor.  Solidly made, and easy to clean.  I have several products from KitchenAid and love them ALL.  Great company.  Buy their products with confidence--if something does break, their customer support is also fantastic
Decorative yet functional. I purchased this piece in the now retired pearl gray color, and intended on using it as wall art in my kitchen. ( I use the retired colors and pieces as decoration so as not to ruin them. ) I then had a party where I needed an extra large tray, and the 15in platter served not only the food but the purpose as well.  It held not only the fruit selections but the veggies and dips for both as well!  When not in use as I said...consider using it for a wall hanging instead of a picture.....its colorful and it goes with the rest of the dishes in the kitchen
Solution to slow flow... This product is an excellent step-up from the filter jugs. I've used it in the past and intend on getting it again to help with major hard water issues here in Palm Springs. One important aspect of this product is that the green light which is designed to let you know if it's time to change the filter, is merely a timer, not an actual filter tester and diagnostic device. When your flow gets low, take out the filter cartride and you'll notice that that quite a few of the tiny holes on the bottom of the filter are blocked by small bits of charcoal, the main filtering agent. I used a twist tie to poke through and unblock these holes and noticed a immediate return to excellent flow.I generally ignore the green light and replace the filter every six months or so. Hopefully Brita will recognize these product issues and create a non-clogging filter cartride and a non-confusing way to indicate filter life
5-Inch ceramic garlic keeper. The first one I received was broken, but Amazon.com had a new one in the mail the next day...  It is great!  Not overly decorated and not obtrusive.  The keeper stores my garlic and keeps it fresher
It is what it is.... I've had this toaster for about 4 years and it's been perfect. In fact, it's wariming a couple slices of pizza as I type. I just ordered the Cuisenart one for $150. I will make sure I like it before this one goes to my sister as a hand-me-down. Great toaster
love it. This is my second chiroflow pillow and I love it. Reduces neck pain and I sleep much more comfortably. I recommend it highly
Holiday treat. The crook in the rawhide make the canes a bit of a challenge to chew. Good exercise for the dogs that gulp down everything whole
Excellent Buy. My husband wanted something to take his coffee to work. After doing some research and seeing the ratings this item received on Amazon I gave it to him for Christmas. He absolutely loves it. One morning he filled it up with hot water so it could later be ready for the coffee and he forgot all about it. When I  was getting ready to do dishes at about 6pm I poured out the water and it was still steaming hot. I highly recommend this to anyone. We have not had any leaking problems like some other reviewers.
Now I lay me down to sleep..... What a fabulous pillow and a great deal.  They looked small until I unpacked them, then POOF! Big fluffy pillows!  Nice
Far better than average. First the sad news...after purchasing at least 8 different vacuum cleaners in recent months, I've determined THERE IS NO PERFECT VACUUM CLEANER.  I've tried them all, upright, canister, cordless, corded.  In the low/med. budget cleaner market, you name it, I've tried it.  Having said that, I really like the Panasonic MC4620.  It's great for hardwood floors/tile and floor rugs (I don't have carpet).  I can use it under most of the furniture in my house where all the pet hair and dust loves to collect.  It is lightweight and has great suction.  I LOVE that's the no beater bar for hair and debris to wrap around.  The attachments do tend to come apart if you snag the end on furniture legs.  That is my only complaint
Positives and negatives. Bought one after seeing a friend use hers. The unit works well I know but the downsize for me is the clumsiness aspect. No storage unit for all the attachments, so I had to go buy a carry bag to haul the attachments in. My unit has a roller caddy and a shoulder carrier which is nice. Bought the extra terry pad set up. Ended up giving it away to someone on a Freecycle group I belong to. My cottage is easy to clean and if I need a steam cleaner one of the makers small hand units does the job better for me
Yum!. The Farberware 4-Slice Belgian Waffle Maker is a nice small appliance to have on hand.  We don't use our often enough, but it's always fun for when we make bigger breakfasts or have guests over.  It's non-stick & easy to clean, but still remember to grease the iron before pouring the batter in.  Makes nice fluffy waffles
Just one thing missing to be a 5*. It is a strong, easy to mount and attractive piece of kitchen wear.I own Japanese knives, some with intricate damascus work and decided not to put metal on metal so use this to hold my steel measuring cups/spoons.I mounted it vertically on the side of a cabinet at head height and it works a treat.If it has some kind of coating/layer on the metal it would have been perfect for my knives. It would certainly be fine for knives that you don't mind treating roughly (Henckel/Wusthof/etc)
Chopping Made Fun. I use a lot of fresh herbs in my cooking, but I have always hated cutting them up.  With this wonderful chopper set I actually look forward to chopping herbs.  It is so easy!  It certainly validates the theory that one should have the right tool for the job
as good as promised. kitchenAid kmtt400ss- 4-slice metal toaster was bought as a gift and the recipient has called it "the best toaster he ever had." It works as advertised: drop in 2 frozen bialys and it toasted them to perfection. Well worth the money
Great glasses!. These are SO cute!!  I only gave them 4 stars because they were a gift for my neighbor and I don't know exactly how durable they are with use.  I have enjoyed a margarita in one of them, and it looked great (tasted great too, but I don't think the glass had much to do with that)!  Just so you know, these are not dishwasher safe and must be handwashed.  Also, they are acrylic, not glass.  I don't believe the description included that info.  Great for drinks by the pool!
Great Product for Popcorn Lovers. I have had my popper for about two years now and I LOVE it.  The only problems I seem to have is the difficulty of finding the concentrator refills in stores.  I usually get about 5 uses out of the popper before I notice that there are more unpopped kernels and have to replace the liner.  Overall, it is a very quick and easy way to make popcorn that does not require it to be dripping in oil and salt like microwave popcorn usually is.
Great worker in a small package. With 98% humudity in my bathroom this summer, this little worker did it's job great. Had to empty every day but that was a good thing.
A must for every kitchen!. I can't say enough about this spade/spoon/scoop, whatever you want to call it! This does it all and stands up to the toughest dough and hardest ice cream. The handle feels thick and sturdy so you don't ever have to worry about it busting like so many others tend to do when put up against a tough task. I use it for everything and bought an extra one just to have around because it seems like my first one was always dirty from being used so much
Wonderful Nautica Crew Classic Cotton Blanket!. I own several of the Nautica Crew Classic Cotton blankets now, and have found them to be the BEST blankets I have come across anywhere
so far good. I've used it once, it works fairly well.  No problems yet
Hunter prefilter pad is a great idea. I bought this to eventually replace the original pre filter in my Hunter Hepa air filter. I think this is a great idea in that it extends the life of the more expensive Hepa Filter in my Hunter 30124. It holds up well to rinsing out with water. I noticed it really does a great job grabbing the larger airborne particals
Wonderful knives!. These are great knives, especially for the price.  They are just like the Pro-S line from Henckels only are not hardened the same way.  They are sharp.  The chefs knife sliced a very ripe tomato straight out of the box.  They have excellent weight and balance and the handles are comfortable.  All in all, a great buy!  I can't believe I used dull knives for some many years when these wonderful and affordable knives were so accessible.  Definitely worth their weight in gold
Great reconditioned item!. I don't always like purchasing reconditioned things but got in on a great deal during a sale and so couldn't pass it up, as it ended up only like $30 more than a spare 6 qt bowl for my other Kitchenaid!   So I got it as a second mixer and love it.  Yeah its a little loud but that's fine, I think its supposed to sound that way.  I prefer coated beaters because I'm lazy and like a dishwasher safe attachment but I can order one if I really want it.  But the main thing is, this is just like brand new and you can't beat the price
Good product. The scale is easy to use and precise. I have use it in the range of 0-1kg (0-2pounds) with calibrated sample weights and measures have a max. error of 3grams.Those are the 2 more important things for a kitchen scale (in my opinion), however, I don't give 5 stars because of the price, which I think is a bit high for the materials used.The timer function is useful.PS: I think the pictures make the scale look bigger than what it actually is. Check the dimensions before ordering! (the glass tray is a bit more than 7inches in diamater
this sucker REALLY WORKS!!!. We have a new dog who loves to get into everything. I bought a scat mat to keep her out of my husband's office. We placed the mat in front of the doorway. He can easily step over it. The dog only stepped on it once!! It gives a little static shock zap whenever it is stepped on. It has 3 levels, but we only have had to use the lowest level. One 9 volt battery will last a long time. Ours has been on for several months and is still going strong. It might not last as long if it is stepped on a lot. We have bought several more of these mats, and use them instead of gates. Also, my kids have discovered that you can step on them with socks or shoes and won't feel the shock.What a great idea!
This dustbin is awesome!!!!. I bought this because it was on sale and I wanted to try it. Now I want to kick myself for not getting it sooner. This is a gaget worth having. My husband even loves it. It makes sweeping up after 5 kids and a dog a breeze. It gets plenty of use and it still going strong. It is very user friendly and so easy to empty.
Works great. Same as the filters I buy in the store, they do the job.  They last just as long as they should and are worth the money.  I've seen them other plays for much more money.
Here's All You Need. My sister just bought this set and I got one for my guest room (full size bed).  Great buy considering you only maybe need to add a duvet.
Thought I'd never use this.....was I wrong!. I now own 3 of these platters.  (One is the halloween one!)  I use them constantly for entertaining.  The platter is large enough to put a pizza on, or stack deserts, just about anything.  It is easy to clean, as is mose fiesta, fits in my dishwasher, and looks great
Revere Copper Bottom 3 qt Covered Saucepan. The pan was very nice and I was very please with the Amazon experienc
Difficult to learn, but when it gets going it's great. If you have Windows XP, you had better have all Windows Updates installed on your PC.  The software is very much outdated and old looking.This machine is very picky too.Make sure you get the right sized embroidery needles because the needles that came with mine were regular sewing needles and I broke them all in one night.  I am using Schmetz Embroidery Needles and so far I have not broken one at all.The next night I went to Walmart and Joanne Fabrics and neither one of them carry the Singer Chromium Needles the DVD suggests.  In a nutshell, you will be frustrated trying to find notions for it.I had to install and reinstall the software about 8 times and I work on PCs everyday.  I also found out that the USB cord that came with it was no good for my PC - Windows XP did not recognize it - I had to use one of my other USB cords (good thing I have backup cords around).Also, you have to put the disk in everytime you use the machine.  I had to install the software before I connected the machine and after before I could get it to work.Now that I have it working I love it.Once it told me to check my bobbin while I was in the middle of a design, well, I am new at this and unhooked the hoop from the machine and guess what?  The bobbin was fine!  The design was ruined.  I don't know if I could have restarted it to finish the design, I have only had it for 7 days.All in all, I like this machine when it is working.  It is great for the price, but the software should be updated.Oh, if you are low on funds, get ready to pay dearly for stablilizers, needles, and good thread.  If you use cheap thread, your needles will break.  The polyester embroidery thread looks great and is sturdier than the cheap stuff.You will also need the AutoPunch Digitizing Software if you plan on doing your own designs and this software is not cheap at all.  I ordered it and hope to have it soon so I can see how it works with XP
The best I can find in stores. I tried 4 or 5 of such digital food scales, this one stands out as the best for two reasons:1) Uses 2 AA batteries (included). All others use button cells which are very expensive.2) 0.05 oz resolutions. Others are either 0.1 oz but can not hold the reading or 1/8 oz not enough for measuring mailing letters.It is only lb/oz, no Kg/g, but this does not matter to me as I mainly use it as a mail scale in USA.It has a very nice clock and timer, good for cooking. It is very light and very well built. You can hang it on the wall after use. You can folder it up for easier reading the timer. You can select the alarm volume to hi or lo.If you are looking for an accurate scale for mailing, get this one. No need to spend much more money on those "USPS certified" scales. Man, a crappy mechanical 1lb mail scale is $24, while this is digital and 4.5lb for only $29.With a mechanical scale, it cannot tell me it is 0.9oz or 1.1oz, so I have to put 1.1oz stamps just to be safe. If it is global express mail, 7.9oz and 8.1oz is couple dollars. With this digital scale, I'll never overpay again. So, it is worth every penny of the $29
Churchill China Brook Pink Gravy Boat and Stand Set. The gravy boat and stand were offered at a very good price.  I was pleased with the appearance and quality of the piece. It was well packaged and arrived at the expected time.
It really is. The name fits, this is the Best Pastry Blender. It's like a small potato masher, with the strength that suggests. We had two previous pastry blenders that tended to bend and twist. One use of this little brute and the others went to Goodwill, and good riddance
Excellent Product. I ordered the Chef's Choice 120 and even before it arrived my Cook's magazine issue came and low and behold there was a rating of all the electric knife sharpeners.  The magazine gave this product high praise and I back that review up with my own.  I have had the sharpener for about 3 months and could not be more pleased with its ease of use and the quality of sharpness it gives to my knife blades.  If you are not interested in buying a wet stone and a throp to sharpen your own knives by hand, in my opinion, this is the only other alternative.  Save your pennies and buy one of your own, the only down side is that it's one of the most expensive on the market, but hey you only need one and you can pass it on to the kids
Macho Cat Collar. I had hunted in several pet super stores for a cat collar that didn't have a bell for my male cat. This collar is stylish and safe for my furry child.
Keeps food fresh. I purchased a total of three Vittles Vaults.  The first one I purchased works really well.  I can spin the lid on tight with one hand.  I then purchased two more.  They work, but both lids are much stiffer and take two hands...not sure why.  All of them keep my dogs' food very fresh, which my dogs seem to appreciate
Great toaster. I like this toaster a lot. It has a substantial feel to it. It stays put when you push the lever down, and the bread toasts relatively evenly. It's worth every cent.
Great Bowls. These bowls are really great. I have been watching and learning about Fiesta for a long time. This was my first Fiestaware purchase. I will be getting more!!
Not bad for the price. Ladies know I rock nothing less than 12k TC's.  That's just how i do
One knife... I have one knife in my kitchen, and this is it. Granted, because I live in NYC, I rarely cook. However, whatever I need it for this knife easily accomplishes, and it's better alone than any set of knives I've bought in the past. For the price, it's a steal
Bath towel. The towel is very soft, and size is pretty big. I like it
We Call Him Secret Squirrel. I have two cats and they both love Secret Squirrel.  He has a velcro tummy that you can open up and stuff full of catnip.  He comes with two little catnip "tea bags" to stuff in him, but my cats prefer the loose leaf catnip inside him.  That way if you give him a good rub between your hands the catnip is refreshed and smells new.  They like to carry him all over the house and toss him in the air.  It's definitely one of their favorite toys.  They also enjoy the chipmonk version of the same toy
Finally, glasses that can take a beating!. While I wouldn't recommend throwing these against a brick wall, they are strong enough to survive the average fall without shattering). Although the glass is nice and thick and solid, they are not too heavy and perfect for families. Our kids can handle them and so can adults. We did have one break but, in all fairness, it fell from the top of a second floor stairway onto a Mexican tile floor. All the rest of our glases have held up just fine and have survived numerous falls fcrom tv trays and tables. If you don't want to keep replacing your glasses every few months, this is the set to have.
Great Toaster Oven. This Toaster Oven is very easy to use, and very easy to clean-the crumb tray is a snap to remove and replace.We are very happy with it so far. If you don't want to heat up your kitchen with your standard oven and it's small enough for your toaster oven, it's a great alternative to have just for those occasions.Much more versitle than a regular toaster. My toaster was going out and I wanted to give a toaster oven a try. My parents had used one for several years and swore by it. Now I'm a convert.
Outstanding, impressive and shart. I have had many types of knives in my past but none this heavy, sharp and useful.  The handle is both ergonically useful and very beautiful (a nice combination).  This is impressive to the look and touch.  This is staying sharp through many tough jobs
No complaints. Cheap, lite-weight, heats up quick, slides easily, stores its own cord.  What's not to like
This Goose knows her feathers... I ordered this comforter thinking, it wasn't a good idea to order this online...Well I was wrong!!  I received it with-in 5 days after I placed the order...package was in great shape when I received it...no chemical smell on the comforter(sometimes when you order something on line there's a strange smell).The Comforter itself was in great shape...No rips...stains...All I can yell you is, I'm very Pleased, Happy with this Comforter!!
Good value for the price. After reading all other reviews I thought that this product would work well and for only $20. I tested it while cooking a Mexican dish and it did better than expected. Clearly it did not get rid of all the garlic, onion and chili oddors, but it did reduced the smells a lot. I liked it a lot. In fact I will buy another one for the bathroom.
Great!. Love the soup bowls.  They live up to the usual fiestaware quality as all of the other products from fiestaware.  So pick your color and enjoy
Cool wine cooler!. I have most of the Santa Fe Collection so I knew this wine cooler ought to be good.And so it is! It's tall enough (8" tall) and roomy enough (5" diameter of free space for a 1.5 liter bottle, not counting the ceramic edges) to embrace a bottle of wine. Colorful piece of a good ceramic quality that can be easily used as a stylish vase but not as a kitchen utensil crock because it's too tall for that purpose.Wonderful addition to my collection
WOW!. I received this lamp 2 years ago from my mother in law as a gift. I loved it so much I got another one and both are still in great condition and are very attractive.  I suggest dusting the shade and base at least once a week because the shade especially picks up the dust.
Simple and Practical. It does just what it is supposed to do. What more is there to say
WONDERFUL FOR ALL BLENDING NEEDS. I BOUGHT THIS FOR MY DAUGHTER AND SHE IS VERY HAPPY WITH IT AS IT DOES ALL THE BLENDING AND CHOPPING USES SHE HAS NEED FOR
aaa slow cooker. I have the plain one and 'cooks illustrated" was right in giving it high marks.Now I will order this newer one with a timer as well as without the timer and I will rate this one when I have used it
Beautiful Dishes. The dishware arrived very timely and extremely well packed.  I am very pleased with the accuracy of the pictures on-line and what arrived
Great Product. Great product, very soft.  Save my expensive mattress from my son's mishaps several time already.  However, one of the stain got though, perhaps it's not 100% water proof..
Excellent buy!. Received the coffee table and end table last night, had them both assembled within an hour. Very easy, good tolerances (good fit), everything aligned perfectly. Very sturdy when assembled, good looking, nice style. Liked it so much we just ordered another one for the downstairs playroom. Excellent value
a must have. I add cooking olive oil to the heating service.  this seams to help the pads last longe
Euro Banana Holder - (Satin Nickel). Excellent. Heavy duty and well made. The Satin Nickel looks expensive.   It stands about 13 " high with a good, strong  support base. It should last a lifetime.  jdg 3/6/0
Thought they'd be cheesy, but they're not!. I wanted to get my boyfriend some nightlights that looked cooler than standard nightlights, but would still provide me with enough light to get around his condo at night.  I was really nervous that these nightlights would be cheesy, but they really aren't.  You can adjust the light to change colors in a flash (which, I have to admit, looks a little cheesy) or fade from one color to the next, which is actually pretty cool.  You can also set it to stay on one single color, that's what my boyfriend did - he likes the green.  Plus, it has a light sensor, so you don't have to worry about switching it on and off.  We both really love the nightlights and they look great in his condo!
Viva Fiesta!. I LOVE my Fiestaware & these bowls are a GREAT price! They are the cereal bowls that come in the 4 piece set.I think the other reviewer thought they would be bigger but they are exactly as they say they are: 19 oz. bowls. (I poured 19 0z. of water in just to make sure!
Lots of froth. It's a quality product from Krups which gives lots of froth! Sometimes too much. If you are not experienced capuchino maker this product is right for you
O2 Cool - Oh! Too Cool!. My parents live in Florida, so we got two of these and rechargable batteries for use in case of storms and power outages. The fan is very quiet when operating. I like the fact that it runs on batteries - great addition to the "Hurricane Survival Kit"!
I was impressed. I personally haven't heard a peep about SilverStone in ages, and frankly, when I bought this item, I didn't even realize it was made by them. I needed new muffin pans, so I just looked for the best deal, price-wise. I saw this set, and figured it was as good as any.When I received them, I was ecstatic. When you think of something relatively trivial like this, you don't really expect much in the way of quality, but man, was I wrong! These things are weighty, very well constructed, and have durable written all over them. I consider it a huge upgrade from my old, flimsy no-name tins, and I highly recommend them for anyone who, like me, bakes a lot and really just doesn't want to worry about replacing these kinds of things too often
FANTASTIC  and  VERY QUIET... "HONEYWELL: 18155 SilentComfort Air Purifier"First off, I'd like to say that this is the only air purifier I've ever owned so I cannot compare it fairly to others so I won't even try. But I've read dozens of reviews about the Honeywell QuietCare 17000 and noticed the main complaint is that it's not really queit at all. Well...I hope this helps.As far as the noise level goes this SilentComfort 18155 is very quiet on MED and LOW. On HIGH, right next to it, it's about as loud as our dishwasher about 30 feet away. So it's not bad at all. I can still hear the television and have normal conversations with the family without yelling.I've done some of my own studies to see how well the dust is being pulled into the machine and can see there is dust building up in the pre-filter over time. It seems to work very well. I've also noticed a difference on how fresh the air smells. My sneezing is almost down to zero, when it's running, and that tells me it's really working.It does NOT have an IONIZER which IS A GOOD THING in my opinion. I've learned that these ionizers omit ozone. Which inside the home this ozone builds up and can be very harmful to the lungs. I did NOT like the sound of that so I turned away from the "ionizer" models.It is very sturdy, a little bulky, but not too heavy to put in other rooms from time to time when I feel the need to relocate it. It blows cold air, not like a fan and not too direct, at a 360 degree radius(it also pulls from every direction). The cold air will be nice in the summer but it's not so nice right now in the winter. I like to put it next to the bed and it can get a little chilly when my covers come off. It has a very comforting and relaxing white noise hum to it. The motor runs very soft and consistant. No rattling or buzzing of any kind. It seems very well built.MY ONLY CONCERN is that the return/exhaust does NOT blow straight up. It blows outword on the top/sides and it pulls from the bottom. This may be a brilliant design or a serious flaw? I question...is it just filtering the same air over and over again or is it like a vortex that pulls the dust into it with the pushing air(kind of like a tornado)? In my studies I found that was a tough call for me to make. But it really does help with my allergies so I must conclude that it's working properly.I ordered it directly from Amazon and it arrived in 4 days(that includes the weekend) and that was with the FREE SUPERSAVER SHIPPING. Amazon is always fantastic about that, so no complaints there.OVERALL... I am very pleased, though it may be a little early to give a longevity review right now, the HoneyWell SilentComfort 18155 really seems to work great and I have no complaints. If anything faulty or negative develops I will amend it into this review accordingly.2 THUMBS UP...and I breathe much easier now.
Perfect!. I purchased this mostly because I needed some height to my Spode grouping but I found it perfect to hold our gallon iced-tea brew tea bags. It has a rubber gasket which keeps the tea fresh
micro wave popcorn  popper. This popper works fairly well excpt that u must use an insert to get maximium popping experience. so when u run out othe insert which are included(5) u must buy refills a real pain in the neck
Good coffee,  One cup at the time. I really like this single serve coffee maker.  Every cup is steaming hot and good.  You can use pods or ground coffee.  Excellent !
Perfect, just the right size. Just the right size for an appetizer plate, well made.  I like the flaring up at the sides, as well as the center decoration.  Color and gloss have a good finish
Wow - the best popcorn ever!. I bought this when my air popper died & I am so glad I found this product!  The popcorn is the best & it is very simple to make.  The thing I like the best is that it is a healthy alternative to the chemically filled microwave popcorn.  I can choose which oil to use & how much so I have total control over what goes into my popcorn so I feel confident that what I am eating is good for me.The packaged corn that came with was ok & a good introduction to using the popper but I will not buy packages again as it is so easy to make a great tasting popcorn on my own.  I did try the cinnamon popcorn recipe from the included book & it was fantastic!I would recommend this to anyone, the popper is easy to handle, easy to clean & it makes the best, crisp & crunchy popcorn ever.  It only takes about 3 minutes to be done & you can even use the stirring mechanism to stir extra butter in it or other salt or other seasonings.  Sometimes simple & old fashioned is better & that is the case with this item.Now we can't wait to rent a movie so we have an excuse to pop popcorn almost every night!
KitchenAid great as always. I am very pleased with the kitchenaid khb300ob hand blender.as always kitchenaid lived up to our expectations.  long lastinghelpful, and with an easy grip.Never have regretted so far, anything we have bought from kitchenaid.thanks! and keep it up
complete set. I have a complete set of dinnerware for 12. I am currently getting the completer items. The pieces are much prettier in person. The art work is more detailed and graceful. It is colorful but not over powering on a table. I have not bought any of the glassware yet and am not sure I will
versatility. the sleek clean lines, simplicity, and fabric make this piece of furniture very versatile.  i have put it in my living room to coordinate with a modern theme,  it can very easily fit into various other styles of design.  it was easy to put together and was shipped farely fast.  in terms of comfort it is in the moderate range and durabilty seems to be in that range as well.  i have received several comments on the chair, all of which have been positive.  for the price it is a good buy and recommend it highly.
Coffee warmer. My wife raves about this device. She alway's has to have hot coffee and the is the frist one that's done it's job without having to make a trip to the microwav
Worked for us. We used Feliway when we moved with our cat into a new home, to help her adjust. It seemed to work -- there was little yowling, no scratching, and no 'accidents'. There is a slight odor to it but it's nothing offensive (and way better than the alternative odors!). We did have to keep spraying the stuff for several weeks; if we stopped or forgot the cat would remind us by starting to yowl. After a couple of weeks we tapered off and things were normal; we haven't used it again though we may do it again while we're on vacation to keep things calm for our house-sitter.New info: You might want to try the new plug-in Feliway diffuser; we tried it when we went on vacation. The cat was a lot less stressed out when we got home than previous times we'd been gone. The advantage compared to the spray bottle is that you don't have to keep spraying it, though you do need several diffusers around the house depending on where your cat likes to hang out
Does what the name suggests. This was actually for my wife rather than me.  She has fond childhood memories of a Presto air popper and was quite gleeful when it first went into action.The device does exactly what is expected to - it makes boatloads of popcorn and without needing anything but electricity.If you put a full measure of kernels in this thing by the way, make sure you have a darned big bowl handy to catch the results - or a spare.  We usually under measure a bit, as it is very easy to make more anyway
Calypso Pink Colander. Perfect shade of pink for my kitchen.  It's perfect in every way
callaway colander. I thought it would be larger, it looks nice but the drain holes are about 1/4 inch, too big for spaghetti
great little can opener. easy to use, just the right size and the price was good too
Neat. This isn't a kitchen essential, but it's nice to have if you are a gadget junkie and garlic lover like me!  The garlic roasts just as it does in the oven and fills the air with that wonderful aroma.  This works great for me, now I can roast one head of garlic or three
Great Heavy Duty Utility Wood Cutting Board for all your Chopping Needs. This is a wonderful utility wood cutting board.When shopping for a cutting board, there are several factors you want to consider: Material, Size, Shape, Upkeep.Material:There are several to choose from, but Wood is the best if you care about your knives and your chopping arm. Wood is the easiest on your knives because the blade will sink into the wood instead of dulling on it (as if you were on granite/glass). It absorbs the shock of the impact, unlike granite/glass, which can be quite jarring to cut on. Wood also has natural antibacterial properties. There was rumors going on for awhile about the dangers of wood harboring bacteria, but after extensive research, they found out the wood actually seems to kill bacteria naturally. Scientists were not able to recover bacteria on a wood board after an hour, yet they could recover bacteria from plastic after days... There's extensive material on this, so I'll let you research more of it on your own as I continue the review of this board.The advantages that a plastic cutting board has over a wood board (it's easy to clean, dishwasher safe, light, easy to store) goes downhill over time - whereas the advantages of a wood board deteriorates very little over time. The biggest reason for this is that a plastic cutting board is only "cleaner" than a wood board when it's brand new. As soon as it gets knife scored, those little crevices harbors bacteria. People say that can be taken care of by scrubbing with soap - but think about it, you can't FULLY clean your teeth by just brushing! Why? Because brushing does not get into the crevices between your teeth, that's why it's crucial to floss. Now think about how much smaller a knife cut in plastic is than the crevices between your teeth. Microscopically smaller, yet large enough for lots of microscopic bacteria to live in. Then some people say to soak the plastic board in bleach water. This doesn't work either because of the vacuum effect and water's surface tension. You'd need to be able to force the bleach water INTO each knife score to rinse out the bacteria in there. Water will not force it's way into a vacuum like that on it's own (what you're doing when you simply dunk it into a container of bleach water). Bottom line when it comes to plastic vs wood - wood has natural anti-bacteria properties that does not diminish over time, and a knife scored plastic board does not. Even all studies and people recommending plastic over wood tell you to toss the plastic board when it becomes badly scored.Size & Shape:I think that this 20 x 15 x 2.25 size is excellent - although, it's the "heavy duty" size - it also comes in a thinner model, 1.5" thick. I like having a board that is large enough to chop on, and then move items over to little piles off to the side while I chop something else. The rectangle shape allows me to do this better than a square or circle. An oval shape might work, but it would be harder to store since you can't stand it on it's side. There are larger and smaller of these John Boos boards but I think a larger one would be too bulky and heavy (this board is just about the topmost limit that my kitchen countertop can handle, along with my sink to wash the board in). This board is also 17.33lbs, which makes it a quite bulky and heavy. These boards also comes in 2 thicknesses: 1.5" and 2.25" thick. I think if you buy a wood board you want it at least an inch thick. Thinner boards warp/break easier. You need it to be hefty. The 1.5" thick of this board is perfect for the regular home chef. The 2.25" thick one is good for heavy chopping - as in bones, and is more in line of a "butcher block".Upkeep:Glass/Granite can break/chip, but otherwise can last forever. It's easy to clean, can be very pretty, and is dishwasher safe. It's just jarring to cut on and will dull your blades.Plastic is superior on everything easy. Dishwasher safe. Light, easy to store, cheap, comes in different colors...but be prepared to replace it as soon as it's badly knife scored.Wood. Of all the materials, wood needs the most to upkeep. You can buy John Boos Mystery Oil which is a mixture of Mineral Oil, Linseed Oil And Tung Oil. You can't just use any oil because it needs to be safe to eat in case of any oil transfer, and you don't want an oil that can go rancid. You just oil the wood every 4-6 weeks . Wood is not dishwasher safe. You want to avoid ever soaking wood in water, although a quick scrub and rinse through the sink, along with a quick and thorough drying with a towel will do the trick just fine. Yes, it's more work than the others, but it's not THAT much work, and I think it's defnitely worth it.One more note about wood boards. Maple is the best material becaues of it's small pore size ratio to hardness of wood. You might think that oak is very hard wood, but it has bigger pores, so stick with Maple.John Boos Cutting Board Conclusion:I think this is a perfect cutting board. The material, size, shape, weight, is all right. John Boo has also been doing this since 1887, so it's a good American company that's been around long enough to know a little something about wood. The customer service is great as well. My only complaint is that it's not very pretty. It's quite plain looking. The wood boards are a gorgeous addition to my kitchen, warming it up and giving it a very earthy and real feel - but being a girl, the cherry on top would have been if it were just "prettier".One last thing, this board is reversible. I don't like when they put little feet on one side of the board that prevents you from using both sides. This extends the use and life of the board and I think it's a shame to take that away. You can always just place a removeable, nonslip surface under your wood board to keep it in place - like silicone pad or a sheet of that non-slip drawer liner stuff.
An Essential for Family of Four or More. This is a big saucepan!  I got it for Christmas because I needed a large saucepan shape with a long handle to make pralines.  This has become my favorite pot for many things; from cooking pasta to whipping up a large pot of chili on a cold night.  The see-through lid is great for monitoring food as it's cooking, and the second loop handle gives stability when carrying and pouring.  It is traditional Calphalon quality with a modern look, and I love it
It really does work! The best wireless speaker!. I have tried many other wireless speakers and this is the first one that really works. No static, no tuning to mess with and it's weather resistant. The volume range is great and the bass boost feature is also very nice. This is perfect for outdoors on the patio, hot tub, etc.
Cristal D'Arques Longchamp 11 1/4-Ounce Tumbler. Good product.  Gave it a 4 star rating instead of a 5 star because the glasses are a little less heavy/thick as the ones I purchased about 5 years ago.  This means they will likely chip or crack a little easier. Wish Cristal D'Arques would have left the quality/thickiness the same as their older glasses and just charged a bit more
Entertaining!. Just a word of advice:  If your dog is used to playing tug of war with a rope they will easily pick this toy up.  If they aren't, it probably is not the toy for your dog.At first, my chocolate lab was a little leery because he never had a bottle as a toy.  It took a couple days of playing tug of war and leaving the tug a jug on the floor before he really knew it was "his".   Once I finally got him used to realizing it was his own, he saw me put his kibble in it.  Then it took a little bit before he was able to figure out how to work it.  Granted, the interactive part is you helping your dog realize the toy's value.  Now, it is something that can occupy him for 20-25 minutes. He'll do anything for treats.  Although, I'm not sure that he really, really likes it but he focuses in on it until every kibble disappears. I think that it is good for him and makes him do something different to get treats.  I like interactive toys :)On the other hand, our little dog, still doesn't know how to get the treats out or how to use this toy.  Just a guess, he probably never will figure it out.  So, some dogs will take to it, and others will look at you like you're crazy for giving them a toy that doesn't squeak
Saves me a bundle on vet bills. My 10 yr old Cocker Spaniel has had cronic ear infections for 4 yrs.  She has developed a resistance towards most antibiotics and steroids and all antibiotics make her stomach sour. Some antibiotics even make her ears worse! Nothing works completely, but Zymox seems to give her a reasonable comfort zone. Without Zymox, expensive total ear canal ablation surgery would be her only option. After expensive TPLO surgery and 4 years of ear infections, my finances have been exhausted. Zymox has given me better results than the vet, saves $150 a month vs the vet, and is well worth the daily ear cleaning and drops
Very impressive. This vacuum replaced an older upright Hoover Elite, that I really thought had still worked relatively well, considering the bag container is attached with a bungie cord.  I paid $99 for this Bissell 3596 here at Amazon, with free shipping, and it's well worth that price!  I vacuumed 2 rooms and was extremely happy with the results, not believing how much dirt & dust was in the container afterwards.  One of my favorite features is the longer cord; my Hoover wouldn't be able to do both of those rooms without removing the plug from the one room and plugging it into the other.  I easily did both rooms without having to deal with that.  The test that had me sold on this vac was vacuuming the living room, which I had just vacuumed yesterday.  I was amazed at how much more was picked up, considering it was vacuumed 24 hours earlier.  The real test will be upstairs, where my long haired cat sleeps in the hallway.  It gets ugly, really ugly, so I'll try report back when I get enough to test it.  Doing the stairs will be another test.  This unit seems alot larger/bulkier than my Hoover, which was a nightmare to deal with on the stairs.  Otherwise, the vacuum seemed the same weight as my Hoover, and actually a bit quieter than the loud Hoover.  One thing I did do was blast out the container with canned air, which I would suggest doing when cleaning it out, but do so outside!  So, at the moment, I'm extremely happy with my new purchase..
Wonderful fiesta go along...... I hesitated to use these mugs when I first received them.  Now I use them exclusively as our everyday mugs.  They are a nice heavy weight ceramic that helps keep our coffee warm, they do not chip and wear beautifully.   I and my husband do not have a problem with the size of the ring to hold our mug as the other reviewer did.  I would have given them five stars if they held more coffee as I prefer a big mug.   These are simple and elegant in their design as all the fiestaware pieces are.  You can't go wrong with these if you are a fiesta fan
An absolutely lovely addition to my kitchen. This bread box is just lovely.  Mine arrived in perfect condition.  The interior measurements are 15" long by 8.5" wide.  The box is 6" deep.  The wooden lid is lovely although I don't plan on using mine as a bread board so I can preserve it.  I did need to air mine out for a few days when it arrived.  There are air holes on each side but it had that brand new paint smell and needed to be completely open for a while before regular use.  I love having my bread out of sight in a container that really adds something special to my kitchen's decor
Finally a "Clean" spatula. They finally got the design right on this one.  I have seen and purchased many silcone spatulas because I like the flexibility and tempature resistance.The problem I have with them is that after a while the seal between the handle and the spatula head is invaded by moisture and mold grows.With this design, the opening is no where near the food and there is no chance of contamination. I highly recommed this for people concerned with cleanliness in the kitchen
Very nice glasses and not that fragile. First off, it seems Amazon has fixed the broken in shipping problem. My glasses were in an box with bubbles, in another box with bubble wrap and then in the Bodum box also with more bubble wrap.  I love these I just got them but they do not seem as fragile as some people think they are.  Yes you have to be careful with them. If you have kids or older people these are not the glasses for you.  Treat these more like a delicate wine glass, not your favorite jelly jar tumbler.  Loving them so far and if I break them, I read the reviews first and knew what I was getting :
We love this set!. We love this product.  It can go with so many different set ups.  It comes apart so you are not stuck to keeping it in a tier so that is helpful.  It worked out great for the baby shower we used it for so far
Singer Sewing Machine Model 7442 80 Stich. This Singer model sews beautifully. The only downside that I thought was there was no seam gauge attachment, something that I did not catch, but you can improvise. Also I would caution that prospective customers don't confuse this model with the Wal-Mart model which 7422. A very high quality machine for the price.
Love my Fagor PC set. I bought this set because my husband had shot a deer in January and wanted something I could cook the venison in to make it tender. This Fagor pressure cooker is wonderful.  The venison and everything else I have tried comes out delicious and quick and the meat is falling apart.  I had never used a pressure cooker before but am enjoying using it.  I am very satisfied with this Fagor product and with Amazon
=) you get what you pay for... I have one 13 lb cat and my sister & her husband have a 5 lb kitten.  They play on this all the time.  It was sturdy, but after un-assembling and re-assebling it twice a few of the connecters have broken. I am in the process of contacting the manufacturer for replacement connecters.  Overall my cat loves this...it's definitely nice for people who don't want a LARGE 6 ft. cat tree.  =
fit perfectly. i bought this for two reasons, one is that i only had 40 in gift certificates from christmas, and the second was that i was looking for a small yet tall end table for my futon.  it sits in the corner and is not too large and obtrusive yet is large enough to hold a picture frame, lamp, and weather station base on the top.  the colors matched perfectly with my pewter colored futon frame and is holding up well.  very easy to put together and the craftmanship was pretty decent for the price.  for a poor college kid like myself, this was a great deal and looks like i make more ;) i will definately invest in other peices in the collection further on
These sheets are incredible. I purchased these sheets together with the Pike Street 800 thread count sheet set as they were being offered as a combo special, made on the page if you wanted to order the 800 thread count sheets, which I did, and I cannot tell you how thrilled I am with both sets of sheets. If you can still get them both together(amazing price)you should, you will not be disappointed at all. They are both very well made & wonderful to sleep on. I have an 18" thick mattress and they fit perfectly. My husband and I love good quality sheets & and we both highly recommend these. The few wrinkles that you may find after they come out of the dryer should in no way affect your decision to buy these wonderful sheets and miss out on this sheer elegance. I mean after all, you deserve it, you are worth it, so go for it. For my husband and I, an incredible nights sleep in total comfort.....PRICELESS
Best Spatula Ever!. I recieved this spatula from my grandmother about 2 years ago and fell in love! Since then, I have purchased three others simply because I use them to cook almost everything.  They are perfect for my nonstick pans, baking and are very soft and flexible, yet sturdy enough to be used as a spoon and to stir things.  I also do not have to worry about constantly watching them becuase they will not melt up to 500 degrees.
Very good humidifier. I'm using this unit for my bedroom, which has been getting very dry on some of the colder days this winter.  It works very well. In the morning, before leaving for work, I set the fan on low, with the humidistat at 40.  When I get home, I raise the humidistat to 50.  When we go to sleep, I turn it off.  This is because our bedroom is very small and even on low, it bothers my wife.  Please note that we both agree it is very quiet on low and we have been able to sleep with it turned on in the past.  It could be that when it is set on humidistat, the cycling of the fan (on and off) interrupts our sleep.On days which are not so cold, we don't run the humidifier.  While I personally don't notice the variations in humidity, my wife feels the difference right away and says the air feels much better when it's been running for an hour or so.We've had this unit for a little over one month and it's works like a champ.  The water supply is not 11 gallons I think -- that would be a huge unit.  But it's plenty for our usage.  We fill about every 2 to 3 days.Buy extra filters and protec pc-1 cartridges.  There was a warm spell for a week and a half, during which we did not use the humidifier.  As it is still winter, I did not pack the unit away or drain the water.  I checked the filter before using it again and found three pea-sized areas where mold just started.  In my opinion, this is extremely good - I expect that bath towels left in this situation would be entirely covered in mold and mildew.  To me, it means that the filter acts as advertised -- the microbial protection is doing its job.  Since I had extra filters, I decided to replace the old one anyway.  Paranoia had set in because we hadn't swept or mopped in the bedroom in over three weeks and because of the way air is drawn into the unit, I'm sure that some of the dust near the floor was pulled in and caught by the filter.  Don't get me wrong - the problem is not the design of the unit, the problem is that we've been negligent in cleaning our bedroom.  The air is drawn in at 6 to 7 inches above the floor when assembled with the included caster wheels, which is definitely high enough in areas that are simply moderately clean.This unit is meant for a much larger space (our bedroom is about 12X12) and it can pump out a lot of moisture quickly and quietly.All in all, this is an excellent unit:high capacityvery quiethigh outputhumidistatinitial investment is cost effectivereplaceable items are inexpensiveblows moisture in about 270 degrees of direction, not uni-directionallong electric cord
Cosequin for cats. Product arrived promptly,in good condition! This product costs twice as much at Vets office. Somebodies making money!!!
Great wok. I have used this wok on a flat top range for 6 months now - it is great.  Does not stick, easy to clean, nice to look at.  It is large so I hang it on a dual coat hook in the kitchen - which works great...
Perfect Espresso every time, easy to clean, solid quality. I stumbled on this machine while browsing at the Williams-Sonoma store.  It's almost like love at first sight.  Beautifully crafted, built like a tank solid, and most importantly.... perfect Espresso every time.Espresso lovers look for the machine that makes the Espresso with most Creama.  [Crema is the beautiful, brown cream found on the top of a perfect espresso.]  As other coffee expert describes it..."Crema is the essence of good espresso coffee.  I like to think of it as the Holy Grail of espresso coffee.  Without it you might as well pour it down the drain."After extensive research on how to make a perfect cup of Espresso, I am proud to say this is THE machine that produced a lot of CREMA.  It's easy to make a perfect cup every time without leaks and no messes.  I experimented with different coffee, coffee grind and tamping pressure, and found best brew for my taste.  Clean up is a breeze as well.  There's virtually no dead spots or hard to reach areas.  There's also a neat storage space under the water tank which stores the cleaning tools, extra gruppa, and misc items so that kitchen countertop is not cluttered with many parts.I don't care what other reviews were saying about thermoblock or boiler heating element differences, or if the ground appears to be soupy after extraction or what not... Nothing is as important as a good cup of Espresso with CREMA!  Looks great in my new kitchen as well.
Sturdy, lifetime blender. This blender is fabulous.  Although pretty expensive, I wouldn't recommend anything else.  My favorite feature of this blender is the blades.  They are super heavy and thick, and they are not sharp as with other cheaper blenders.  Secondly, there is no mistaking when the blender jar is placed correctly on the base because of the construction of the base of the jar.  Lastly, the blender starts every cycle with a "stir" setting as to not throw food up into the lid.  I would definetely recommend this blender as well as any other Kitchenaid product.  It's worth the extra cash to own the best
Not bad for $29.99. This was not a big giant fluffy down comforter, but definately MORE than adequate for California weather. It fit my Pottery Barn Duvet PERFECTLY.  I am more than pleased with this.  You get more than good value for your dollar.   Thanks Co Pilot!!  :
Cool is Cool. Since my mother has a Honeywell fan, similar to this one, I felt I couldn't go wrong in the purchase of the same brand.  All others have not lasted but a couple years.  Her's has been going for about 5 years and is still running strong.  I would highly recommend this brand to all my friends and any one else who asked for my advice on the purchase of a fan
I love this Stockpot!. This stockpot is just perfect. I ordered mine off www.amazon.com and it was just excellent. Also it is very nicely priced and it is of good quality. I also like the handles of it because they are so big and won't get hot while cooking food! I also love the handle on the top of the pan because it is like the side handles. It is awesome. This is the best stockpot I ever ever purchased before. I highly recommend it. Thanx for reading my review.
Exactly what I wanted. I had spent hours ironing my uniforms for work before I bought this from Amazon. I finished about a 1/2 hour ago from ironing my uniform for tomorrow in less than 5 minutes. I could not be more thrilled. I will admit that I was timid about spending 200 dollars on an iron, but with the alternative being hours at the hand iron, or 5 dollars per uniform at the store, I'm glad I made this decision.I would highly recommend it to anybody
Insulated tmblers. Excellent product I use them all the time, and have purchased a set for my daughter so I can use them at her house
OK. I was looking for a double burner to replace a single coil burner.  I went with this one because the the cast-iron heaters are 6-1/2" and 71/2" to accommodate both large and small pans, which make it safer.  We like it OK, but it is slow to heat up.
Works great even for a left-hander. This knife is incredibly sharp right out of the box.  I had some trepidation about using it, because I'm left-handed (they've since come out with a left-handed version, but it didn't exist when I got mine a year and a half ago), but I haven't had a problem.  I use it for vegetables, fruit, and herbs, and occasionally for non-bony meat, and it's an excellent slicer.   Although it looks like a cleaver, it should not be used like one; it'd be a shame to wreck such a beautiful knife..   The knife is beautifully finished  and fits my medium-sized hand perfectly.  This is the first Shun knife I've had, but it will not be the last.  It's pricey, but well worth it
Great, but... The plug dial you use to adjust the temperature broke on us after only about 6 months.  We re-glued it and it lasted for a while, but just broke again.  You can get a replacement part from the West bend Website for ~$9, but it isn't a very well made dial,  other than that, it is great.  It is pretty uniform in temperature and very big, both very important things
Sharpest Knife in the Drawer. This near-razor sharp little knife is a great kitchen or camp tool and a handy self defense item for a lady's purse or concealed carry: The built in plastic sheath has a friction fit that keeps the knife safe until it is extracted for use as a deep slashing or stabbing edged weapon or innocent looking apple slicer
a great vacuum. I've had this vacuum for about two months now and I love it. We have a Golden Retriever and a black cat and they both shed like crazy. Our old vacuum use to just push the hair around but this one actually cleans it up. It's pretty good at picking up dirt and other things too. The attachments really come in handy
A must-have addition to Sango Nova Brown dinnerware. Despite the picture currently posted above (and I'll edit this should it ever change), the 5 piece completer set contains:A large round platterA serving or "vegetable" bowlCovered sugar bowlCreamerThe platter looks exactly like the dinner plates but it is approximately 12" in diameter. The serving bowl is a perfect mid-size for most family meals; I used it more than any other serving bowl in my kitchen.  Its shape is similar to the salad bowl, although it seems to sweep out more proportionately from the base.  The sugar bowl has a pinch-grip top, and the creamer has a high, relatively narrow spout that doesn't drip.Like the rest of the Nova series, the look is sedate and handcrafted (although it is not), with a hint of Asian. I love the way this line looks, but those seeking out an elegant pattern would best look elsewhere.
GREAT food processor. I received this at Christmas. I have never had a full-size processor before, only the mini-prep type. What a difference!! I am very impressed with how quiet the KitchenAid processor is, its power, and how quickly it works. So far I have used it mainly for preparing veggies, and for chopping meat (ham) for a recipe. What used to take me 15-20 minutes with my mini-prep now takes only 3 or 4.It is very easy to clean and to change blades. I decided on the Kitchen Aid as opposed to a Cuisinart because of the reviews, and because so many different blades/choppers/slicers come with the unit. The smaller 4 cup bowl is a big help for smaller quantities as well.I highly recommend this processor
perfect towel- unless they're "imperfect". These towels are huge and plush.  But one of my bath towels in the Cousteau color arrived flawed.  It had major problems down the entire long selvedge edge.  Amazon sent me a replacement which had flaws in the terry loop portion of the towel.  After that, they would not send another replacement because of the way their system handles multiple returns of the same product.  I had to go to a brick & mortar store to buy the rest of my set.  These towels will be a great addition to your bath if you can get an unflawed set.  Not sure if two defective towels was a fluke or representative of a larger problem.  Columbia Sportswear is usually very high quality, but in this case, I would recommend inspecting your towels very carefully before you discard the packaging
Happy to have it in the kitchen. For some reason, I thought that maybe this colander was a flexible, folding rubber/plastic, but fortunately this wasn't the case!On pulling it out of the box, I was surprised and impressed with the whole-colander look of it, with all the drainage holes, the color, and the feel. It has a good weight, supported nicely by the handles. And especially, it has enough of a diameter to really be functional for draining all usual things in the kitchen.I hope it's indestructible, as it "sounds" a little fragile on knocking the counter with it, almost like knocking a glass, but it's supposed to be an awesome kind of plastic, so what else would you need in a colander?
KitchenAid is the Best - Always Delivers~!! A++++++. This new one replaced one I had a long time.  You just can't beat KitchenAid~!  They're workhorses and the one I bought is the Cadillac~!!  Luvvit, luvvit, luvvit~!!  Buyit, buyit, buyit~!!   ;+)
Truely Outstanding. I was searching for a speaker system with docking capabilities for my ipod video and boy did I find a nice one! With the arched back speaker portion of the stereo, it provides a surround-sound like atmosphere. Also it has quite a loud capacity for volume. I mean if you wanted to, you could really get it crankin'. Anyway, it charges your ipod for you just like the computer and it will accomadate any style ipod. The sound clarity is very crisp and clear. The only, tiny flaw, I could find in this fine piece of audio was that in between songs, a soft, high-pitched whine is sometimes incurred. However, once the song begins to play, this whine disapears immediately. I would strongly suggest purchasing this item if you would like a quality speaker system for a reasonable price
I love this bowl!. I love this serving bowl. I used it to store my various fruit when I was single. Now, spending my first holiday with my new husband, I am using it for casseroles, meat dishes and all sorts of uses! I highly recommend it and would buy more if my budget allowed.
GRRRRREAT!!!. This is a great cat collar!  My kitty is full grown, but still tiny.  The regular collars are uncomfortably thick and dig into his neck.  He was always scratching at them.  This collar is so thin that it disappears into his fur and no more scratching!  Yet it's still just as functional as other collars.  Sliding mechanism is great too.  Easy to put on, easy to tighten, but doesn't come loose when it's not supposed to.  I'm going to buy another one for my newly adopted kitten.  Thanks
Great Product. I check out all the local stores for a glass-lined Carafe, but could find none. This is a great product. Keeps coffee hot (especially when primed with hot water first)
one for every job. These cutting mats are really great - making a meal is a lot easier now as I have a cutting surface for each type of food and I feel very confident about not having any cross over contamination. The mats have an image of the food type on the corner of the mat - this is brilliant and makes it impossible to make a mistake. Being flexible makes it so easy to carry the food to a bow, sink, or pan - it's just great
Amazing at this price. Works very well. You'll probably want to pre-treat the carpet and also boil the water to get it extra hot, if the hot water out of your tap isn't that hot. Once you do that it works extrememly well.
Something for Everyone. There are many rave reviews here, so I won't bore you more than necesssary.  They're all true.I use the chopper all the time.  We never ate so much guacamole.  That's my favorite part.My husband uses the blender daily for his protein shakes.My sister the chef, and my dear friend, use the whisk attachment all the time.  Omelets, cream, etc.You can't lose with this set
Excellent Product. The baby safe feeder is an excellent product. I don't know why The Toys R Us Store makes it so hard to purchase it. ANY TIME I GO TO A STORE TO PURCHASE A FEEDER. "THEY ARE ALWAYS OUT OF STOCK". They seem to want yo carry other products of lesser quality. Shame on you Toys R Us
Made my mother-in-law happy. We bought these bowls for Mother's Day for my wife's mother.  She received them promptly and raved about them.  They are colorful and lightweight, but strong.
Perfect little pot!. Although I expected this to be bigger than it is, I use it for everything now.  Rice?  Oatmeal? Soup?  It's just big enough.  Now, I plan to buy more of them
Beautiful Sea Mist Pitcher. I decided to add this pitcher to my Sea Mist collection since Fiestaware is discontinuing the color (much to my dismay).  I was pleasantly surprised at how beautiful the pitcher is.  Sea Mist is much more beautiful in person, and so is the pitcher.  It not only matches my other Fiestaware pieces, but is an item that I can use in any room of the house.  I can see it displayed on the mantle, in a bedroom, the bathroom, as well as the kitchen.  If only Fiestaware would continue Sea Mist....I could order all the sizes of the pitcher and have a really nice display
terrific over-all. this item is just exactly as described...enough coffee for 5 adults at breakfast...the only flaw is that it is very difficult to see the water level which is inside the reservoir..would rate it 5 star if you could see the level from the outside...
Great Knife. First of all I would like to applaud Global for a great product and Amazon for fast shipping.  Now lets talk about the knife, at first I was a little worried about how thin the handle was, and I had read that people thought the handle was thin and uncomfortable.  However, I have large hands and I think that the knife is quite comfortable.  I used it today when cutting onions, garlic, shallots and numerous other things and found it rather comfortable and it really did not feel like I had anything in my hand.  In addition to this, the balde is extra sharp and it is a breeze to cut through anything.  I would reccomend this knife to anyone looking for a great quality, smaller blade utility knife.  Plus you arent going to beat that price.  Have fun with your knife
Can't do without one. I got a Mogu person pillow a few years back for christmas, and have slept with it everyday since.  My original one was getting flat from all the wear, so I bought another here at Amazon.  I just love the pillow!  Amazon got it to me in no time flat. I must warn you that these pillows not only fun, but addicting.  You won't be able to do without one either.
Wish I could rate at 8 stars !!. Have looked for five years (since Rubbermaid quit making) for spice rack and this is best ever.  Compact entry in kitchen cupboard using VERY LITTLE space and giving simple access.  Refuse to even comment that lids are a little flimsy....
I love the chop plates best!. I have about 20 chop plates.  I have most of the colors. I use them for barbeque dinners and for Italian meals.  They will hold the whole meal on one plate (southern style). They have enough space to keep messy foods separated with no need for separate side plates. The standard dinner plates are too small. Stacked on open shelves with my other Fiestaware pieces they give a burst of color to my neutral kitchen.  I started with my mother-in-law's collection that was passed down to me. The older plates are larger than the current style. With mixed colors you can set the table to any color theme. Warning! No one likes the pink one. It's "the tongue plate." The last person to the table gets that plate and it's not unusual to see it sneakily moved from place to place after the table is set. Kids love to switch it around. These plates are fun. Amazon has the best price on single plates.
Elegant looking without etching. These are relatively inexpensive crystal glassed but work great for everyday use.  I've had one glass for several years now and it goes to the diswasher regularly.  It doesn't etch like expensive crysal probably because of a low lead content in the glass
Kind of large but does the job. I ended up putting this in one of the larger pull-out pantry shelves in my kitchen because it was just too big for any of my drawers.  It does do the job
Great little sharpener. This is a great little sharpener for touching up the blades of your kitchen and pocket knives. Any major sharpening should probably be done on a stone but this little gizmo can keep your knives sharp so you won't have to do any major sharpening. I just run them through 3-4 times after each use. The mouse is also handy in that it will stick to your refrigerator and be there whenever you want it instead of having to seach through drawers, etc
good product. only problem i have with it...is that the plug doesn't go all the way into the power supply..which seems a little bit unsafebut works grea
Beautiful!  Couldn't be happier!. This is a very sturdy, beautiful piece of furniture.  It holds an incredible amount of cds, and looks wonderful in our room.  The storage cabinet was packed very well, and looks beautiful.
great mistake. I accidently ordered this blanket.  I thought it said it was an electric blanket.  When I got it I found out it was the softest blanket ever and it is very ample in size.  I purchased additional blankets as x-mas gifts.
I LOVE this juicer!!. I bought this juicer back in December and I absolutely love it.  It takes seconds to assemble and take apart.  All the parts can go into the dishwasher.  Clean up is super easy...it just takes a few seconds to rinse each piece under running water.  There's one attachment that has two screens that have to be cleaned out and at first I thought it'd take forever to get the pulp out of them, but it doesn't.  You just run the brush (included) over the screens a couple of times and they're clean.  The whole thing is really very simple.My other concern with this juicer was juicing leafy vegetables.  I wasn't sure that they'd juice well, but they do!  I've juiced romaine, spinach, parsley, beet greens, cabbage, collard greens, chard, kale.  They all come out great!  In fact, everything I've juiced has come out great.  I've juiced everything from canteloupe, to beets, to pineapple, to carrots, apples, all citrus fruits, celery, garlic, onions, berries, kiwi, pears, broccoli stems, sprouts, etc.  I've also made nut butters with this machine.The juicer has never made a mess, is pretty quiet, and doesn't take up a ton of counter space.  Not any more than my toaster.I saw a comment from someone else who said that the plastic stains easily when juicing beets and carrots.  I see how that could happen, but what I do to stop that from happening is, whenever I juice beets or carrots, I simply soak the plastic parts (mainly the pulp and juice containers) in hot water for about five minutes as soon as I'm finished making my juice.  As I said, I've had mine since December and there's not a stain anywhere on it.  If you rinse the parts when you're finished using them to make a dark colored juice, they'll never get stains on them.I have no complaints at all about this juicer.  It's true that the feeding chute is small and produce needs to be cut into smaller pieces before juicing.  I guess everything is a trade off.  I'd rather spend the extra 5 minutes chopping than to have a machine that will break down on me, is loud, doesn't juice as well, produces warm juice due to high rotation, or makes a mess.  On top of everything else, this machine has a ten year warranty on all parts and labor.  You can't beat that.I'd recommend the Omega 8005 to anyone who wants a high quality, long lasting juicer.
Missing Link. 2nd order placed with this company and I received my product ontime.  This is the best price on the web
Elegant and functional. Hold the cardboard tube, not the towels, as you press a roll onto the spindle or the towels will "telescope."  No yanking off 20 towels by accident and true one-handed operation.  Solid construction and unobtrusive footprint.  Great product
fry cutter not bad. I bought this and just used it it. Makes your cutting easier. The potato does not go all the way and I had to push through but overall I think this is a good buy. I have had hand held fry cutters and had the same prob with the potato going all the way through so overall not bad for the price. I like the look of it also goes well in my gadget kitchen :-)
good cooker. good cooker, very functional, works well, been using it for a year and never had a problem
Chef with Menu Board. The item came to my home quickly and was very nice.  I did have one problem with the hand that holds the menu board.  The hole in the hand was plugged up but I was able to clear it out with a drill.  Otherwise I am very happy with the product
Very Happy. Shelves are sturdy and my son loves them because he can see what is in them and get stuff out himself. It is also easier for him to clean up on his own which I like
No Fuss Browning. This is so quick and easy to use when you want to control the browning of the edge of pie crust
Nice dish. Works great and the handle on top is a much needed feature.  My old butter dish (not fiestaware)did not have one of these and that is how it broke by being dropped
A must have. If you have the feeder set that these replacement bags go with, this is a must have. I strongly feel that this is something every parent should have. It enables you to feed your child safely and allow them to have a wide variety of tastes
Anonomous. These finger bowls are beautiful!  Simple elegance, easy to handle.  They're a bit wider & shallower than I wanted, so I ordered the Steeltek Stainless Steel 12-Piece Condiment Cups instead, which were very inexpensive, with a slightly smaller diameter, but dramatically deeper...Perfectly sized for a scoop of ice cream, dyeing Easter eggs, kid's finger paints, as well as ketchup, marmalades, melted butter, or more exotic sauces...either hot or cold (although of course they can't go in the microwave!).  A million & 1 uses for households with kids (the 12 set).  These sets of 4 (the pinch bowls) are probably useful as the name implies, as "pinch bowls" for keeping small amounts of seasonings handy when cooking, to "pinch" out the amount needed for the dish being prepared, also probably good for use as finger bowls...to cleanse the fingers with lemon water in between courses, and probably useful to hold sauces, ketchup, etc...But the 12 set allows for a deeper "dip" into a sauce.  The 12 set bowls are much to small & deep to effectively fit one's fingers in to cleanse one's fingers.  They are easily hand washable (fine to go in dishwasher, too).  If you want a broader, shallower bowl, get the 4 sets.  If you want a slightly smaller diameter, very steep sided deep bowl (figure about exactly the size of a medium scoop of ice cream), get the 12 set. They're both made by the same company, and are sturdy and midweight, not light & flimsy. Again, the 12 set is an amazing buy
great. I really like this hand blender. Its so handy  (haha) - I was actually amazed at how fast I was able to mash potatoes. I also got one that came with a wisk, a measuring cup, and an onion chopper. Making milkshakes in the measuring cup is so great - such an easy clean up!
Crowing about Country Morning. I purchased Country Morning for my sister as a gift.  She has Roosters in her kitchen.  She loved it.  All the pieces can be used in the microwave; but, it still looks like and can be used as Fine China
Very nice and good value. I purchased two sets as these have been hard to come by.  My whole family uses them before the regular spoons to eat cereal and other items!  I wash them often and they look as good as the day they arrived
HOLMES 2 COOL is a man among men. Boasting fast blades that twirl so quickly that they create a virtual tornado of super awesome wind power that will blow your hair back farther than a Van Halen solo, Holmes 2 Cool is one incredible fan. Oscillinating power that acts like the wolf in the Three Little Pigs to unwanted heat, huffing and puffing with tremendous authority, it blows down the house (I'm only kidding, have no fear putting this in your bedroom, Holmes 2 Cool will not cause you fright or hurt). No more will sweat dominate your forehead with beads of drizzling unwanted body sweat trailing down your face to join the facial chasm filled with your tears. Those tears of heated sadness will quickly turn into tears of smiles, making you think of unicorns and cuddly teddy bears, because Fear Not, Holmes 2 Cool is here to the rescue. I dare say that young maidens who cannot afford the best home security system shall thusly enlist Holmes 2 Cool as a trusted knight who will watch over and cool you down with a quick tenacity much like a gilded blade thrust into the heart of a red dragon by a brave Knight of the Round Table.2 blades are better than one, so go with the best of the bladed nemesis of heat in Holmes 2 Cool
Great mat. I purchased this mat to use in our bath tub for my young daughter. It is working out great for her as it provides a non slip comfortable cushion when she is in the tub.
Enjoying new loveseat. I like the mocha color and the feel of the faux suede.  It fits in with any decor. I felt the price of $299 was good, but by the time everything extra was added, the $419.00 price was a little much in my opinion.  Other than that, I am very satisfied with the loveseat.  Thanks
Yes, microwave + dishwasher + freezer safe!. I recently purchased the 5 bowl set from costco ($18, great deal!) and the package says "Microwave + Dishwasher + Freezer safe" on the side.  I've put them through both the microwave and dishwasher and they've turned out great.These containers are fantastic for bringing food to work.  It is very nice to be able to collapse them.  You do have to clean them out a bit first though, because the collapsing motion will push out anything you have left in the bowl
Visi -therm heater. I find the Visi-therm heaters to be the easiest to set,very accurate,and very easy to see what temperature you are set at, the degrees are clear on the heater,and with the clicking control knob there is no guessing,The water temp is exactly what you set it for,  The only aquarium heater I will ever use
Excellent Product for the price. It is very conformable Sofa. It comes with 1 year warranty for leather and stitches. Great product for the price
Dolce walnut Hutch Wonderful Pick. I brought this hutch a few months ago along with the desk, book case, and file cabinet. Each piece is well made and fits well in my bedroom. The color of the wood is almost a perfect match to my mahogony bedroom set that I brought from another retailer. I'm very happy with my purchases, and my computer fits perfectly. In addition, I utilize all the store space and filing slots on the hutch that separate my paper work
Great for Le Creuset. I have a great cast iron panini pan, which has a simple enamel handle.  Which gets very hot.  This holder does just the trick for handling it
Henckels and Cutco. Just to let you guys know, Cutco hires what they call &quot;web solicitors&quot; to hype up their products on sites like this. Also, Cutco is sold through demonstrations by Cutco salespeople only and these salespeople have an interest in bashing other knives on the net.  Wusthof, Sabatier, Global, and many other types of knives have blades just as strong as Henckels, the main differences will be the balancing and comfort
Large Fiesta Salt & Pepper. Exactly what I wanted.  Item as pictured and arrived in a timely manner
Finally amazon is selling these!. For the longest third party stores were selling the Sango Black "accessories." The shipping would be more than the item so I always opted out. And in the dept. stores, they would be out or just not have them. So I found myself stuck.  Now amazon is selling them with free super saver shipping--PERFECT! Thanks for allowing me to add to my Sango Nova Black set
Perfect Pizzelles. I recently purchased this iron because I was tired of paying what the grocery store wanted for them.  I love it.  I am able to make ice cream cones, bowls, and plain old cookies.  I put off buying this iron for a long time because I did not want another useless appliance in my house.  I purchased this from Amazon as a refurbished piece and it works perfectly.  I use it at least once a week, if not for myself for my young son who loves them too!  It has an adjustable iron so that you get the perfect cookie each time according to what you want.  The recipes are great also.It comes with a recipe book, spoon and wooden turning tool for making cones or rolled cookies.  Oh!  The cookie iron has a flower on
I'm very pleased with my purchase.  Gardenia smells great and is exceptionally healthy!. I received great customer service and a beautiful plant here.I would recommend this Gardenia to anyone who loves flowers or wants to give a nice gift.My Gardenia was delivered right on time in great condition, is still very healthy, and smells terrific.I've gotten many compliments from friends and even my grandchild who said "what smells so good grandma?
Square is Cool. Great glasses for keeping those round ice cubes out of your face
Must have saved me $10,000 dollars. Not really, unless you add up what I WOULD have paid for all the coffee I have made with it, at Starbuck's prices. But it has more than paid for it'self many, many times over.Sure, it is small, but people who complain it is TOO small should have realized they were talking Euro sizes, and those darn Europeans drink out of some really TINY cups. Microscopic, actually. I carry it with me everywhere I go, it is the perfect size for that. And I have lost count of how many times I have used it, at least ten million times (not really).I love that the little rubber boot, which is apparantely NOT microwaveable according to one unfortunate reviewer, comes off so I can sit it directly on the burner of a Bunn coffee maker for quick access to hot water at work. And I also love the secondary filter in the lid, once you get your technique down you will never have grounds in your coffee again. This is something that cannot be said for other, more expensive brands of French press. It is well worth the money I paid for it. Did I say that already?? Hell, for the price you should buy two in case you manage to break one, although they are tough as nails. I guess you could break it, nothing's indestructible to someone who puts their mind to it
GOOD COOKING. PLENTY OF ROOM PANCAKES SAUSAGE BACON FRENCH TOAST STEAKS ALL COOK WELL TEMP IS HOLDS WELL VERY SATIFIE
professional results in a few minutes. This steamer allows you to sit in front of it while pressing.  Top, quality sweaters, such as angora and cashmere come out as if they have been prefessionally done, with no iron lines.  Pants press beautifully leaving no marks on the fabric.  The creases are the most impressive part of the pants.Two major things are saved...time and money....when using this product.I brought it home and now my skeptical wife is using it on all of her finer clothing including suit jackets, so as not to worry about potential harm from the drycleaners, nor the friction of movement from conventional steam irons which many times leaves shiny areas.Great product...reliable....quality made.....simple to use.
Great toy but squeaker breaks. My dog loves this toy and the squeak it makes.  He runs around with it and chews it as well as chases it and plays fetch.  The one problem I have with this toy is that I'm about to by my third one because the squeaker breaks.  I now have two Cuz toys (all smooth round, one yellow and one green) with broken squeakers and one Dino Cuz that seems to be more durable.  Yes, the rubber stays in tact but the squeaker helps me leash train my puppy and get his attention so I really rely on it
Great Design. Wonderful product.  Keeps my coffee hot all morning.  Slide-tab closure can be removed to clean
Coffee is Super Strong!!. I love the convenience that the Melitta 0ne:one offers! It makes a fabulous cup of tea. All the teas are delicious but the coffees are terribly strong to me.I enjoy your average espresso drink often, but was blown away by the strength of the coffee pods! The portions, 8oz or 4oz, alone are too small for my large cups, so I just run it twice with the same pod (I know it says not to, but I have not had any problems). If you like coffee or tea, but just not a whole pot, this is for you..
Perfect fit under a Senseo Coffeemaker. I like a big mug of coffee, and the Senseo coffee maker just does not have that much room under the spout. My tall mugs don't fit, but these do perfectly. Just a note for fellow Senseo lovers
Great Healthy Alternative to Supermarket Cat Junk Foods. Having nine felines..this is a great alternative to the more junk filled brands such as IAMS and Science Diet.If you are interested in a meat/grain/veggie mix dry food instead of the commerical brands with high quantities of artificial/unhealthy fillers that are routinely added to the everyday brands ..try this as great healthy alternative
Great purchase. After recently returning to school, I was quickly reminded how tough reading textbooks is on one's neck, especially while trying to take notes at the same time. After looking at several other book stands, this seemed to be the best choice. I haven't had any trouble with my textbooks - both hardcover and softcover. Even if you're not experiencing neck pain from reading, it's a good idea to create a more ergonomic study space for yourself. It also should be especially useful for those working on smaller desktops that need to have a notebook or binder open as well. I'm sure this stand could also be useful when retyping documents as well
Okay. What do you expect for plastic? Easy to put together. Smaller than I thought but it worked for what I needed
Best of both worlds. There seem to be two varieties of convection oven: super cheap and super expensive. This oven seems to bridge the gap. Look, I'm a pretty good cook and I can't stand "toys" in the kitchen. I needed a decent oven as back-up for when I have lots of people over (that's pretty often). I wish I had two wall ovens, but I don't. The Cadco looks GREAT, doesn't it? But I'm not a caterer and I don't need a great portable oven. And it's about $800 for the 1.5 cubic foot model. Not to mention that the Cadco 0.9 cubic feet and the 1.5 cubic feet seem (at least to me) to be equally powered at 1700 watts despite very different sizes. And the Waring is 1700 watts. All of this sounds like why I "settled" for the Waring.But the truth is that the Waring is darn good for the money. The temp setting matches what I read on my digital oven thermometer and it's consistent. Maybe that fan should run all the time, but I like what the other reviewer said about not drying the food out with a constant fan. And, the food came out fine, right on time, and evenly cooked amongst all the pans throughout the oven. I started out easy - 3 big pans of scalloped potatoes: easy and perfect results. The baked goods are just as good. So are the meats. Would I do it again? You bet. Before I spend $800+ on a 1.5 cubic foot oven, I'd upgrade my kitchen oven and move this one into the basement so I'd have two "real" stoves. In the meanwhile, I am perfectly happy with the Waring
You Can't Daydream Anymore!. I like this product since I was taking Nyquil to help me sleep, and I no longer need to keep that viable option. This machine can also help you hallucinate thunders and storms while you are working, which is kind of freaky. But I'll give this product 5 stars as everyone does here
I found them!!. I am so glad I found these.  It is miserable to search for "bag closers or sealers" on Google.  Bag clips seems so obvious.  I have owned these clips for over 10 years.  It is time to restock my supply.  THey are perfect for frozen bags to bread bags.
flanner queen plaid sheets. Was very pleased with the color and quality, although it seemeda little on the thin side.  Haven't washed yet, so it'll probablyfluff up, but the colors were vibrant in the dark blue green plaid
The best I have ever seen. I have purchased other syrup dispensers in the past, and all of them broke.  Usually the thumb lever jams with dried syrup.  This one is a unique design that appears to prevent this problem.  And, it even comes with an extra O-ring :-
should be 6 stars. I've tried them all.  Plastics, woods, and metals.  This small, light weight unit is awesome.  The edge is sharp and the metal thin and flexible.  The result is an amazingly functional product which I've had over 6 months and still looks new
Astounding!!!. This is the most amazing knife I have ever owned!  I ve purchased Henckles Twinstars, Sabatier;which is pure junk!  Out of all the knives Ive owned none have sliced with the mastery of these knives. I enjoy the pleasure of slicing and dicing with such serene knives.  I have since decided to sell my other non global knives and replace them with all Global this is quite a bold move as I consider myself thrifty with a nickle but the quality of this knife has beckon me fourth to a place where I must in fact splurge for the quality that i now know I do not want to live without.  I simply cannot quantify how significant the difference in quality between these knives and Henckles Twinstar i really wasnt expecting to open a Pandora's box of spending.  It actually happened quite accidently in my wife whom loves tomatos could not find a knife to cut them properly with and well the other person who reviewed this knife stated as bold fact it got the job done like no other.  I must admit this knife is truly as silly as it might sound the "EXCALIBER of knives.
DIRT DEVIL BREEZE. A GREAT VAC FOR THE MONEY WE USED UPRIGHTS FOR YEARS BUT THIS ONE MUCH EASYER TO USE ESPECIALLY FOR OUR HOUSE WHICH HAS ALL WOOD FLOORS.VERY LIGHT AND FOLLOWS YOU AROUND AS YOU GO
Simply the best!. Le Creuset has one of the best reputations out there, coming from professional chefs to the everyday at home chef.  Le Creuset has quality, durability and beauty.  Based on collected articles and other positive feedback, I purchased my first piece ever from Le Creuset on another web site and I love it.  I agree with it all.  As a matter of fact, it is this same oval platter that I purchased from another web site and when I wanted another one, they were sold out.  Amazon had it and I just had to purchase it.  It's a multi purpose serving platter that looks great on any table setting.  It's durable, I've banged it a few times (quite by accident may I add) and there is not even a scratch on it.  All Le Creuset products are expensive, but very well worth it.  I see these platters lasting a very, very long time.
Great Cooking Gear. My wife and I first purchased Calphalon Contemporary Nostick cooking gear about a year ago.  We both love them.  Not only do they cook evenly and quickly, but they are easy to handle & store.  Additionally, clean up is easier then anything we have previously owned.We purchased some additinal items through Amazon, and received them in less than 5 working days.  We are thoroughly impressed with both Calphalon and Amazon
I waited too long to buy this. This immersion blender is so easy to use!  I can't believe I lived without it.  I have spent 30 plus years using mixers and blenders that don't do half the job this immersion blender does.  It is especially great for pureeing hot soups.  I used to do this with my regular blender and blew the top off.  Now I have no problem with hot or cold items. This item also works well to make dips, smooth mashed potatoes or smoothies.  It is also easy to clean up.
Small Sharp Microwave. My very first microwave was a Sharp; top of the line, limozine with all the bells and whistles, big, and beutiful.  Also, heavy and required much space.  I loved it.  I am thrilled to now own a new Sharp; a light-weight, two-seater model thats much easier to park on my limited counter space.  The control panel is perhaps half the size of panel on that first one but I can accomplish anything I want and find the "short cut" settings reliable
Beautiful, quiet, easy to install. This fan is just beautiful. Very clean lines and it doesn't look old-fashioned like most ceiling fans. It's also very, very easy to install. Three wires connect to the fan from the remote receiver and three to your home wiring. The blades snap right into place and once the plate is mounted to your receptacle box (fan rated of course) the fan goes into place and is held by four screws. There's a little hook on the mounting plate that you can use to hold the fan in place while you make all the connections. I wish every lighting fixture had that.At low speed you can barely hear it and it seems to move quite a bit of air. It appears to be extremely well built and the fit and finish is perfect. It comes with a remote that has three fan speeds, a stop and a reverse for the fan and on/off/dimmer switch for the light
Revereware 8" fry pan. Works well, as expected.  This is a replacement for the same pan model that served us for over 10 years.  We expect the same from this one
Still Toasting After All These Years. My husband and I registered for, and received this toaster oven by Black and Decker when we got married in 1999. After eight years of frequent use, it is still performing well. We use it regularly as both a toaster and an oven - it's great for baking nachos, individual frozen pizzas, drop biscuits, even cookies! It doesn't heat quite as evenly when used as a toaster, but if we weren't happy with it, we would have replaced it long ago. Overall, I think it's a terrific value and a nice little toaster.
Practical. I like to store a large amount of food for my (4) cats and this container is perfect.  I mix more than 1 type of food together and it is easy to do in this size container. It seals tight to keep it fresh and keep out bugs.  I keep it in the kitchen where it is easy to scoop out the food as needed and I also like how the container can be set in different positions, depending on your needs.  It looks good too
These sheets are lovely!. We recently purchased a new Sterns and Foster mattress set.  The top mattress is very thick, thicker that most of the sheets in our closet.  We purchased these sheets and not only are the big enought for the mattress, but they are super soft and thick.  They launder good too!  We definately recommend these sheets.  We only wish they came in more colors.
Review od Chef Choice M130. Pro - Quiet. Very good sharpner. Use positions 1 and 3 for normal kitchen knifes, J.A. HENCKELS. Position 1 - diamond wheel, for very dull blades. Position 3 - synthetic wheel, use after every knife use to maintain sharpness.3 year warranty.Con - expensiv
Double Burner Hot Plate. This is a great product which allows me the freedom to cook outside or in the garage avoiding the heat in the house.  The heating elemets heat evenly and quickly
Cozy little house for your smaller kitty. I bought this bed for my very tiny cat (4 pounds-full grown) and it suits her just fine! She slept in it last night and looked soooo cute all snuggled up. I was looking more for a basket for her, something that wouldn't look terrible in my house, but this fuzzy and cozy nest is VERY chic and matched my light blue decor. My kitty seems to like it, but enjoys sleeping on the bed with me better. I look forward to coming home each day and finding her in it.CAUTION-if your cat is large, make sure he/she fits inside this cozy little bed before purchasing. My cat is the size of a kitten, and she fits just right. I cannot imagine my 10 pound Persian fitting in there without squeezing!
Sunny Bright. Everyday when I see this bright yellow butter dish sitting on the table I think of a sunny summer day with yellow snapdragons in the garden and hummingsbirds drinking dectar from the flowers.
Decorator touch for very little dough!. We used two of these on a Target Dolce table and they looked great. These lamps aren't huge and do better as accent lamps or in pairs. They give out great light and are perfect in a contemporary or eclectic setting. If you have a very simple room, they could add just the &quot;punch&quot; you need to spice things up a bit.
Traditional and solid. This is a cast Iron Skillet that is well made and pre seasoned. Worked out of the box and only has gotten better with use. My only regret is that a 12" lid was not included so I could use this for frying chicken
They really DO work, but look around for the knockoff brands. I picked up a dozen in Home Depot for less than $5. Same concept, just a lot cheaper!Two of them are holding a huge heavy shelf in my kitchen. The hole they make depends upon the weight of what they're holding. I'm sure it's pinhole sized if you're hanging something that weighs a few ounces (in which case, you don't need this - use a pushpin!)The holes from the shelf are bigger than pin-sized, but it IS a heavy shelf. The hole is still WAY smaller than the hole I'd make using any kind of a hook that would hold such a heavy shelf.It also takes a little practice to figure out where to hang the hooks (the drop of the hook is below where you might want the thing to actually hang.) This is a small detail, but if you need two of these things and you don't do it right, your object is gonna be crooked. But on the bright side, you won't have a huge hole to patch when you redo it!Recommended product (but look around for the knockoffs.
Great for non-stick pans. This works great with a non-stick pan, for eggs, etc, and seems to really hold up at high temperatures.  My boyfriend tends to leave the turner lying in the hot pan, and at least so far, he hasn't been able to melt it. Yippee
Incredible Bargain!. It's hard to find anything wrong with such a damn good juicer that I only paid $25 for.  What can beat that?  Money very well spent.It does spray a little depending on what you're putting in, but again what juicer doesn't?  I can live with this for $25!  Wear an apron duh.It does say in the manual that it doesn't do wheatgrass, I missed that bit, but no biggie!  I can cope for only $25..  Carrots, beets, celery, cabbage, ginger, cucumber, peppers, apples, pears etc, all hard veg and fruit are just perfect, it does these really well.  I adore Oranges done in this juicer, with all the pith on they come out so creamy!  Not acidic like regular OJ.I'm still hooked, got my juicer a few weeks back and I'm still using it daily.  it's awesome
It's Great!. We have the refrigerator by our computer.We keep can drinks in it.It works great. We are very pleased
Good solid table. I've put this natural finish farm table in my kitchen and it is much nicer and larger than the natural finish circular table I had previously. It looks just as good in person as it does online. The hardest part about assembling the table is opening the box. Putting the legs on is a snap. I am very happy with the table. It appears to be of good quality and will easily sit 4, and possibly up to 6 people. If you want a solid rectangular table with natural finish at a decent price, this is the table for you
Mean Pancake on this Baby. My sister raved about how this thing makes one mean pancake - just like mom's 30 year old machine!  We're hoping this thing lasts just as long!
Great for kittens. I forgot the toy needed a battery so for the first few days my cats played with it without the bird moving around in circles, but mostly they ignored it.  When I got the battery, and the bird started moving, my two older cats weren't impressed, but my youngest (about 1 1/2 years) went crazy.  It's pretty funny watching her with the toy; she can get fairly worked up attempting to take out the bird.  It's also entertaining when she's finished playing; she has a tendency to walk away from it too slowly, which means she is hit in the backside by the bird.  Naturally, this starts the fight with the bird all over again.  I'm pretty sure the other cats will play with it as well, but even if it's just the kitten, it's worth the money
Best Deal out there. If you want one of those cool looking popcorn machines that make great popcorn than this is it, it is not made all that well and its a pain in the rear to clean after use but it does a nice job making the popcorn and your friends will think its the coolist thing ever
Really clear. Have had this mirror for nearly 4 years,still clear, adjusting is a snap. Super Goop is neccesary after a few years to keep it on the wall,or what ever will do the job.Windex and spray off with water, Don't use washcloth or anything else on it, Will Scrach!!!!!!!
Great upgrade from the glass carafe!  No more burnt coffee. I bought this as a upgrade from the glass carafe that came with my aroma control machine.  I was tired of burnt coffee due to the burner burning it.  This carafe keeps coffee steaming hot for hours.  A great upgrade
Works for me!. The product came in a timely manner.  It was easy to set up and suits my needs perfectly.  I'm glad I purchased it
Nice looking, soft and thick. These towels have a nice out of box experance. The color on them is very nice the size is big on them. They are 20 by 30, the bath towels we use right now are 20 by 40. So these are almost big enough to use as a bath towel.I read the other reviews about how they do not hold up in the washing machine. I told my wife to hand wash them, but she said she will just wash them on the gentle cycle and so she did not think it was going to be a problem. At this price though, they would make great kitchen towels.There is no reason to give them 4 stars based on the other reviews. For us we are real happy with them so far.
Good Baby. Have to disagree with the other reviewer here ...  I purchased a Baby biOrb recently for my new Betta, after having my first betta living in an airless bowl for a couple years.  I simply got tired of cleaning a stinky bowl every week. As a result, I went shoppin for a new tank with a bubbler and filter system and found the Baby biOrb.While I agree that the maintence costs are significant at $132/ year (if you need to change a filter every 4 weeks), the costs balance with ease of maintenance.  Personally, my experience with cleaning the Baby biOrb was a snap with the optional suction hose.  Took me fifteen minutes to clean the tank, drain the grimey water and add new water.  Couldn't have been much easier.  And, I am not sure how anyone could have a problem swapping filter cartriges unless they have motor skills issues.I also built a noise dampening box for the air pump - my only real complaint is that the "whisper quiet" pump sounds like a mini jackhammer after about five minutes.Great product and looks awesome.
Great scale at a great price. What can I say? It does what it is supposed to do and it does it well. 9V battery is easy enough to change. It does standard and metric and it is accurate. Not much else to say except you will be happy with this scale
sylocone pot holders. I bought these for my brother and he loves them.  Now my daughter inlaw wants a pair for christmas.  My sister has the glove and she loves hers, they are the best pot holders ever
Terrific value for under $25. I've wanted a juicer for a long time, but could never really justify the expense, knowing that I'd very likely quickly tire of the maintenance involved. When I saw this juicer for under $25, it seemed like the perfect opportunity.When I opened the box, I was immediately impressed with the unit's solid construction. You can see right away that this isn't a plastic piece of junk that's going to break righ away.With the unit's first use, I juiced: cabbage, kale, spinach, carrots, onions and peppers. The unit - while not as powerful as more expensive models, I'm sure - juiced up everything with no hesitation. I would describe the pulp to be damp, but not what I'd call really wet.I dreaded the juicer clean-up process that I'd heard so much about. Disassembly of the unit is a breeze. There are basically three main parts to remove and it takes all of thirty-seconds. No problem.If there's one thing I could change, it would be a better designed pulp-catcher that would allow a bag to be used. This is only a minor gripe and has in no way made me regret the purchase.If you are a casual juicer, looking to get your feet wet without spending a ton of money, this would be a perfect choice. I'm still amazed that I got this for under $25 and I'd recommend it without hesitation
I would give them 5 stars for the "Value" but only 4 since there are better out there!. These are GREAT pillows for the price ($29.97 per pair) but there are better memory foam pillows out there. I visited Sam's Club and found they have this same size pillow for $38.94 EACH although the Sams Club version is denser. Unlike poly-fill pillows, these remain supportive all night so there is less tossing and turning. Depending upon the size of your head and neck you can use the pillow either way to cradle your neck. Some people have commented that these pillows are smaller than expected, but how big is your head? I find these to be the perfect size at 20.5" x 17". There are bigger memory foam pillows out there but they will cost you several times more than these pillows. They also each come in their own soft velveteen/flannel like 75% cotton/ 25% polyester zippered, removable covers. Best of all, dust mites (bed bugs) cannot live in these pillows (Did you know that 25% of the weight of most pillows is bed bugs & their feces?). These pillows should last several times longer than polyfill as well as being better for your health. I would highly recommend these pillows for anyone wishing to try out memory foam pillows without rising a huge investment.
Beautiful Table!. I love my console table. It was a cinch to put together, and the finish is beautiful. The drawers are tiny, but that's my only complaint
Great for the price. I received this as a Christmas gift along with the 12" lid.  It was my first really decent skillet, so I didn't know what to expect, but it has really fared well in my kitchen.  I make 1 dish meals for two, chicken parmesean, pancakes, anything really and clean up couldn't be easier.  My one complaint is that it doesn't always cook evenly, so I'm constantly rotating.  You don't need high temps to get quick results.  As for the lid, the handle broke off shortly after getting it, so unfortunately, I need to buy a new one (which seems a little overpriced if you ask me!)  But the price for this pan is worth what you get, a more-than-decent skillet for those "just starting off"
great pocket balance. a very convenient scale for small quantities in the photo lab. so far is everything I need for this application
Elegant but sturdy. How does one praise a salt and pepper shaker? I guess by pointing out the fact that this set is elegant without being gaudy and is very practical also. Both are heavy and well designed not to mention they hold more then a grain of seasoning each as some elegant salt and pepper shakers do. My wife and I both enjoy having them grace our table. A set well worth owning
Excellent Product for the Price. These sheets are extremely soft and durable. We've had them for about a week and love them. Washed three times already and still look as if brand new. The hot water doesn't affect them at all. Not sure why this would be, but both husband and I have had a better nights sleep sleeping on these sheets. They are very comfortable. Soft and luxurious. I would highly recommend and give them as gifts.
Lid/top needs improvement. I agree with the other review that the top is hard to seat correctly and becomes almost impossible once any oil from the dressing gets on the soft seal. I bought this to replace the Good Seasons cruet which I felt also always had a less than perfect sealing cap. Otherwise, love the polycarbonate bottle
Best Professional Knives. If you can afford these knives, they are one of the best knives out there.  These knives are extremely sharp and make cut through food a joy.  Unlike the cheap knives that are made in China, Taiwan, and other low price countries, these German made knives are 100% quality.  I suggest getting the most knives for the money although I have passed on the steak knives and cannot speak for their quality
Solid!. These bowls are nice. Perfect for soup, dessert, salad, or whatever. Well, I like big salads, so they're a little small for MY salads. But they're great for a lot of things, and I SWEAR you could drop them on the floor and they probably wouldn't break. They fit nicely on the small Fiestaware plates so you don't spill a full bowl of soup. They go in the fridge to store leftovers, in the dishwasher (I've washed these things hundreds of times and they're still in great shape), and probably in the freezer, too. If only Fiestaware would make tupperware-like lids so I'd feel more comfortable putting these in the freezer for storing things. As they are, I have to use plastic wrap, which always lets in yucky freezer smells
Say Good Bye to Pet Hair. I bought this to clean German Sheppard and cat hair off my couches. Both of which are covered in a sort of woven fabrick that really traps hair. I am amazed at how well this thing rips the hair out of the fabrick.  It is incredably powerful. My couches haven't been this clean since I bought them! An added bonus is not having to buy bags for it. I highly recommend this product to anyone looking for something to get rid of pet hair on furniture.
Cats paradise!. My cats love this!  They will play with it by themselves or with each other.  It is a little wobbly for my big fat male cat, but he still loves to play on it.
Great organizing product. I just love this. It is well made, very easy to install. My kitchen is small and I found a need to utilize wall space for storage. I looked at several ideas and this is one of the things I found that not only looks good but takes up little space and keeps all my tools handy.
Euro Cuisine Yogurt Maker. This is wonderfully simply way to make fresh yogurt without it being so sweet.  Add fresh fruits to your own taste.  So easy
Great Quality and Value. I bought the first set because they seemed well priced compared to the terrycloth style we usually use. They are of high quality, good color and do hold their shape. I have to remember not to use a dryer sheet so they have increased absorbtion rate. Very pleased.
Fine sharp knife. I am no chef, just a granny who cooks huge meals regularly for a very large extended family. The knife was a gift over a year ago and I love it. It has become something of a workhorse for me and after all this time and use (almost daily) it has begun to lose just a little of it's edge. I also have very small hands(my eight year old grandsons hands are the same size as mine, which he finds amusing) and I don't have any problems handling the knife. This knife and an ancient, but very reliable faberware paring knife are practically the only knives I use. I cannot say about how a professional chef would view or rate this knife. I have a sneaking suspicion that our chopping and cutting techniques would be VERY different, but for the kind of cooking I do, this knife has been wonderful, and I would not hesitate to recommend it to others like myself
When only the best will do. This is perhaps the best cookware I ever owned.  While not a professional chef, I really enjoy cooking.  The meals I make are only as good as the ingredients I put into them.  The cooking utensils are a vital part of that meal.  These &quot;pots and pans&quot; are not cheap but they are outstanding cooking utensils.  I bought mine before Emeril made them famous.  I had the opportunity to try several different brands that were also &quot;expensive&quot;.  The All-Clad aren't &quot;expensive&quot;, they are outstanding.  Good value for the price, they will last you forever, or as long as you care to own them.  Send them to me when you're done, I'll use them for you!  The cooking area is remarkably even; hot spots are not to be found.  Handles are easy to use, cleanup is easy.  I hang them on my pot rack out of the way.  The interiors are almost as slick as teflon.  Really good stuff.  I would recommend these to my mother, if only I could teach her to cook
best toaster oven yet. Used for a month now, better than the others tried over 25+ yrs. For the remanufactured price, would buy it again if it lasts for a yr
Deep Dish Pan with Great Looks. With a fairly intensive effort on my part in the "hint" department, this was a Christmas present. It is one of those presents that you really actually like the more you use it. I like it a lot. I've made five or six lasagnas so far and a few dishes like manicotti. All of them were cooked evenly and it behaves like a "non-stick".Tonight I made a nice 5-layer lasagna that brought it up almost to the top with no overflow. It is 3-1/8" deep from the inside bottom to the top edge. Compare this to 2" for your standard Pyrex 3 qt 9x13 dish.It cleans easily, has a nice color and a nice finish. It still looks brand new.
Causes a stir, but a welcome one. I work in a beautiful old building, with circulation that isn't the best, and we have trouble creating even temperatures across rooms. I bought one of these Duracraft Tower Fans for my office, and then liked it well enough that I convinced our office manager to buy a second one for a small meeting room I sometimes use.The fan is thirty inches tall, and about four inches wide and three inches deep. It is molded white plastic. The fan had three speeds (Low, Medium, High), and can be set to oscillate or not. The fan creates a good strong airflow, and it is very quiet, with conversation needing slightly increased volume only when the fan is set on High. I find it ideal for creating a good airflow in rooms from seventy-five to one hundred fifty square feet, without using much floorspace.I have seen reviews of this product that indicate that it develops a loud, rattling noise, after two or three months of usage. For the two I have, this has not occurred, after almost a year of fairly frequent use.For those of you getting accustomed to my writing style, you might not be surprised by:"She sits quietly in the corner, a tall, slim, fair-skinned beauty. She is quite reserved about speaking, is never loud, and only causes a stir in the subtlest, most welcome fashion. Her sleek styling is quite fitting with her cool personality. She has yet to tell me her name, but I am always pleased with her presence. Perhaps, her name is Grace, after Grace Kelly, or Eva Marie, after Eva Marie Saint, from North by Northwest. Whatever her name might be, I am certainly glad to have her around, and I have met no one yet who objects to her. Who could resist her?"Pros:  An effective fan for offices up to at least 150 square feet.Cons:  None that I have found, thus far.The Bottom Line:  I bought this fan for under $30, and it is easily worth that
Wonderful mixer!. This is an absolutely wonderful mixer. I can even talk on the phone while using it it is so quiet. I bought it after reading the reports on stand mixers in Consumer Reports----and they were "right on"! It looks good and does a great job!  Karlee
Glad I bought it. Obviously a high quality and attractive appliance. The quartz elements seem to heat almost instantly and evenly. The digital controls are very easy to use, with an illuminated display. The oven is simple to clean, with a pull-out crumb tray. An audible beep signals that cooking time is done. However the rear panel gets so hot that I pull it out  from the wall several inches to protect the wallpaper. The soft rubber "feet" sometimes come out of their sockets when lifting the oven. (my counters are clean) The pre-programmed toast setting is 4, but must be raised to 6 in order to toast properly. It toasts very well, but takes approx. 4 minutes to do the job because of large size of the oven. Being large though, it will cook items that wouldn't fit in a lesser oven. Made in China, but well built
Simply amazing. I was actually fortunate enough to find this very product at a Goodwill store; the mugs have a surprising weight to them, and the glass is quite thick (the walls are 4mm / 1/8" thick) for your standard glassware, and the heavy base proves to reduce sliding to almost nothing.  I find it holds a whole 12 oz. can of sugary bevarage with ease, but don't try adding too much ice.  I also use it for my hot chai, so it definitely holds up to higher temperatures.  I highly recommend this to anyone wanting a solid mug (actually, a great all-around glass) in their cupboard.
Classic beauty. These dishes are practical for everyday use but beautiful enough to use for elegant parties.  The accessory pieces are equally lovely and nicely sized.  The soup tureen is stunning
Monte Carlo Bar Stools. I am so pleased with this purchase.  They are a great asset to my room decor and they handle very well (grandkids).  I highly recommend them to anyone looking for stylish and durable leather bar stools
Best Bang for your Buck. I was looking for something to keep my mid-sized apartment cleaned, as I am a pretty big neat-freak.  This was the perfect buy.  The automatic cord-retractor is a great feature, although it wasn't the feature that made me choose to purchase this model, it is definitely something I'm glad it has.  It's not too loud, nor too heavy.  It's got a very easy to use bagless garbage collection bucket.  Limits the amount of dust you put back onto your floor after cleaning it the first time.  I love this product and am super happy I got it and at such a great price
Works like a charm. A very sturdy rust proof tea kettle and will go with the decore of any kitchen
The devil is in the details. I acquired three of these units between 1999 and 2001 from my American Express Rewards program.  My significant other read all of the ozone concerns, so we bought the $10 ozone guard a year ago.  The guards seem to be dishwasher safe.  Cleaning the main units is still a pain.  The collection grids can be removed and I carefully run water over them directly.  However, do not reinsert them into the main unit until the grids are completely dry!!  I still haven't found a great way to clean the main unit.  One time I tried using a Q-Tip soaking in rubbing alcohol to get in between the slits.  Then I realized that life was too short for such work.  Now, I use a feather duster and force it through the slits.  It's still not easy, but if I do it every month, then the unit seems to stay and look somewhat clean.I did have two units stop working.  In one instance, it was my fault.  However, I was able to take both back to my local Sharper Image store and had new units instantly.  The clerks never checked my receipt nor asked any questions.  I have also heard that clerks will sell you an extended warranty for $20 and then replace your broken unit on the spot.  This seems a good avenue for customer service.  So if you have problems, try this approach before calling the company on the phone.Finally, I will comment that this unit worked spectacularly when we lived next door to a smoker.  The smoke would seep through the walls (no kidding) and we had no solution that worked.  Finally, I put the unit near the wall and left it on "Hi" all the time.  Within a few hours the lingering smoke smell left forever.  We also left a few months later.  These units have made SEVEN moves!  I am a loyal user
Tiny dehumidifier  but packs a punch!!!. When I first saw this dehumidifier I couldn't stop laughing. This little bitty thing was supposed to tackle my moisture overload in a large storage shed? I figured that something was better than nothing until I could buy a better(bigger) dehumidifier. I hooked the little one up and come back the next day to check out the progress and much to my surprise the little-bitty sucked up an inch of water...in one night!!! Now I am so confident that this will do the job I will recommend this for anyone with a similar problem. The free shipping was a great plus as well!!
Best of Breed!. My fiancee's parents fell in love with frozen banana & pineapple smoothies that they had in Hawaii, and noted that the Champion juicer was all that was used in making this favored treat.My fiancee and her sisters purchased one of these for their parents, and recently I was fortunate enough to try out the frozen creations.  The frozen banana is delicious - add nothing else but a frozen banana to the juicer, and you have a perfect creamy dessert!   Same with pineapples and other fruits.Yesterday, I opened up a Champion Juicer under the Christmas tree.  I was ecstatic - we found a few apples that were lying around, and the juicer in seconds had a jarful of dark, foamy juice.  We took some grapes that were not going to get eaten, and threw those in the juicer as well, and had a perfect glass of grape juice.I highly recommend this juicer - cleans in about 2 minutes, and is very easy to operate
Good Soft Pillow Cases. These are very good pillow cases -- flannel type feel, not Egyptian Cotton, but I like flannel.  Since I got these for free with the sheets I'd have few complaints in any case but I was very pleased
citri star. This is a fine juicer. It works well and is easy to use and clean. I can also convey confidence in the manufacturer. The unit I received (it was a mail order) was missing a part; while this situation might be considered a negative, my phone call to them about it was courteously and promptly handled
Best Wok I Ever Used. My husband and I are thrilled with this wok!!We seasoned it according to the simple enclosed directions and use it every3-4 days now.It is heavy gauge steel that holds heat and sears meat and other ingredients perfectly for the quick cooking necessary in stir frying.The price was reasonable and we are getting our money's worth
Good replacement but semi-permanent only. I have 2 Honeywell 50100 air purifiers and bought 2 of these as replacement HEPA filter for the originals.  The HRF-11 is the new "permanent" replacement filter and is a good choice.However, I rated this 4-star only despite fitting nicely in the 50100.  The product's statement of "permanent" is misleading, though you can clean the filter twice a year with a vacum cleaner, the manual still recommends that you replace the filter every 3 to 5 years under normal usage.I think KAZ (who licenses the Honeywell brand from Honeywell) is simply asking to be sued for labeling a product like this.  I'll use the words "extended life" if I were them to avoid law suits.Other than that, its a great product and is cheaper than those throw-away type filters
Good. I like these knives.  Very sharp and a value for the money.  Long term who knows... I've had mine a little over a year and completely satisfied
embroidered king sheet set. These are great sheets for the price I paid beleive it was 9.99 for the set can't find this quality or price anyplace else but amazon
easy to use. love the magnet on the back so that the sharpner stays in sight on the frig door
Very satisfied. Plus all the benefits of an elegant and functional design, the glasses do SING
strong and attractive. This blender is outstanding -- powerful and pretty.  Should have been - however -- "dishwasher safe"
DOES WHAT IT IS SUPPOSED TO DO!. I love this item. Perfect for storing Pet Food. Special Screw type tops that seals food.  Bugs, Mice Cannot get in.  Easy to wash, let it air dry.  My only issue is that if it is screwed tightly you might have a problem opening it.  So those with out strong hands dont screw it to tightly closed.  Over all the best in Food Storage.  I know i just about bought them all
Best small knife you can have. This is my favorite small knife.  It is excellent for peeling round fruits, I can peel an apple with this faster than with a peeler.  It will cut pickles into sandwich slices like cutting through butter.  Keep this knife sharp and it will not let you down
2-inch Visco Elastic Memory Foam Mattress Topper. When this first arrived and I opened it, one of the ends was stone hard and all wrinkled.  We could not bend it at all, therefore, I contacted Customer services and got instructions to return the item.  The next morning, to my surprise all of the hard wrinkles places were perfectly smooth and soft.  I am very well pleased with it now.  It works great.  Would recommend it to anyone interested
great. I've had this for one month, so far very reliable. easy to use and clean
Excellent Ice Bucket. This ice bucket is  outstanding in quality. It looks much nicer than I saw online and is of high quality. Slightly smaller than I thought but I am very happy. It  holds one gallon of water for those who need some kind of measurment since no site gives that info
Great Thermometer. I have owned a Taylor Roast thermometer for 10 years and consider it an essential tool for the satisfactory cooking of roasts, hams, poultry, etc. I started worrying about the fact that I don't have a &quot;back-up&quot; thermometer and was so relieved thatI can get one from Amazon at a good price
it does indeed allow me to keep track of the dogs on night hikes... the clip-on feature is really convenient, but frankly the strobe-effect is rather annoying.  (& yet I can't look away either, which compounds the annoyance.)  I'd prefer the light just stay 'on'.  I don't know if the dogs don't find it so obtrusive, but they haven't mentioned it
So far, so good. It seems pretty hard to beat this appliance for simplicity- no bells, no whistles, no timer or darkness-setting control whatsoever- but it renders perfectly acceptable waffles if you supply the brains, and was very inexpensive.  We use it regularly, and are enjoying it
WusthoffStill The Best. I purchased the Wusthof Classic 8 Inch cooks knife based on the manufactuers reputation for the highest quality products. This knife did not disappoint! First of all the balance is perfect,and the grip is very comfortable. After using it for 7 months now, the blade remains razor sharp. I have used it for a number of cooking related chores and it has become the one knife that I use for almost every job, from chopping, to slicing, to carving meats. The only care that is required is to use a steel to maintain the edge. I highly recommend this knife
great vac for small places. best for wood/hard surfaces.  i was looking around for a canister vac  to clean up wood and tile - the power and suction is more than adequate.  the only negative is that the floor head attachment doesn't do a good job of "wiping" the more stubborn dust off the floor - there is a little strip of felt that rubs on the floor while you vac, but apparently it doesn't make enough contact with the surface to remove it.  but other than that its a very strong small vac.  highly recommended
Fiesta Wow!. This is a very versatile piece. It really brightens up the table.  A must for fiesta Post86 collections. I have extras that I use as chargers underneath other colored plates
Sure, its not perfect, but it works for me. I had a hard time finding a body pillow cover, yet alone one in a color that wasn't lime green or melon, so this cover was a blessing to be sure.  Yes, the zipper is white, and yes, its 200-thread-count.  However, for my purposes, none of that mattered, and it works perfectly.  I am very happy with it, and for the price, it can't be beat
Too expensive here...go elsewhere!. Great designs, but I recently purchased the exact same thing for $7.99 at a local hobby store...and this was NOT a sale item.  So if you have hobby stores, go there first.  If you don't live near a hobby store, I can understand your need for this item as it does have some cool stencils.  I have enjoyed them for various craft projects
A QUALITY PRODUCT AT A LOW PRICE. I love using this pan for light sautees.  It's sturdy & durable, yet light enough to feel like an extension of your hand.  It seems to heat rather quickly & evenly & is a snap to clean.  Highly recommended
Excellent service!. I recieved this item in no time... it was packed very well and was exactly what I wanted! Thank
Furi Knife. I bought this knife as a gift for my husband. He absolutley LOVES it. Fits nice in your hands, makes dicing easier.  Well worth the money. Wish I had purchased the entire set
True: This vacuum SUCKS and it's worth the price. My mom forced me to buy this vacuum cleaner two weeks ago. Well, I just LOVE it (I named it Rubino because it's red). Rubino is not noisy, is easy to carry around (it has 4 weels), and it sucks all the dirt that you have around the house.  I bought the version for wood floor, and it comes with another hose for pillow and matresses, and one with a brush for smaller surfaces. With a simple touch of your foot, the electric wire goes back to place. It's almost a pleasure to use..
Mr. Coffee Steam Espresso and Cappuccino Maker - ECM150. It could of had clearer instructions with it.
Owned one for years. I love my water filter.  I live in Los Angeles, needless to say the city water here really needs some extra filtration.  I think that this filter does the trick.  I like the fact that it has the ten layers of stuff to filter all of the impuritites out, that it hooks right up to my kitchen Faucet is also a bonus. The water definitely tastes different out of the filter and if you're not a family of 4 it lasts longer than a year as well.  The cost definitely beats buying the replacements filters for a pitcher all the time and I get more filtration.  Also,  It's always right there when I need it and there's no carrying a heavy, cumbersome pitcher from the fridge to the sink every day.
Ruff-Rider Dog Seat Belt. The product worked as claimed, but we had to return for a replacement because of a manfacturing defect.  The return process was excellent and painless.  Would recomend the product to anyone with dogs that travel with them
Food scale. This scale is quite accurate and easy to read.  The only problem may be that it can be a little touchy when trying to adjust the needle in order to use a different container
Wicked nice. This is a hefty, well balanced cleaver that tackles any job with aplomb, then cleans up in the dishwasher and stays sharp almost forever. It will not fit in any block though, so (carefully) arrange a space in your knife drawer for this beauty
Smells awesome, works well. I used this on my German Shepherd dog and it works very well.  My only gripe with the product is is consistancy.  It's not what you would expect a shampoo to be, more like gel toothpaste.  If you squeeze it straight onto the animal, it will not stick to the fur.  I lost a good bit of it down the drain at first until I figured out how to work with it.The scent of this stuff is phenominal - not at all like a medicated or coal tar style shampoo.  The dog looks shiny and great.  I can't say specifically if the shampoo alone has cut down on her shedding.  I used it (two wash-rinse-soak cycles) together with the conditioner and furminator tool and the combined results are wonderful.
Nice looking Coffee Pot. I really like this coffee pot.  I used it for the first time at a baby shower and had to overflows.  Just remember to get the pot all the way under the spigot.  I now know how to use it and am having great success and great coffee. I like how you can put the carafe anywhere and it is never hot on the outside
Works Great. After several weeks of use I have no complaints. In fact, I plan to purchase another unit for my basement. It probably won't heat the whole basement, but it should take the chill off. I have not received a recent electric bill so; I'm not sure how much the one unit added to my heating costs
Good quality & safety features. I really like this product, especially for the affordable price. Here are the positives & negatives I've experienced ...Pros:1. Boils water FAST and it's quiet too. Perfect for the office.2. Great safety features. You really want a cordless unit for easier/safer filling and pouring, and the auto-shutoff and on/off indicator light do work exactly as described. Also, the spout has a mesh shield and a plastic guard that prevent water from splashing out while boiling. Overall, no need to worry about accidents.3. The plastic view-window with volume markings is on both sides of the unit, so you can see the water level from any angle.4. Convenient storage: Relatively small footprint, and the cord wrap on the base, minimize counter clutter.Cons:1. It takes about 2 cups of water to cover the heating element, which can be less convenient if you just want a cup of tea.2. The cord is only about 3 feet long. Fine for kitchen counters, but less so if you're using your office wall outlets/power strips.3. The lid on mine sticks on one side, so I have to push to snap it into place (might just be mine though).Overall I really like this kettle's quality & convenience. You can find pricier ones, but for the money, this one has all the necessary features and then some
It's a Sturdy, Reliable Machine. Granted, I have only had this coffee maker for a whopping three months, but so far, so good.Positive things:  it really does brew a nice cup of coffee, and very quickly at that.  I have yet to see if it stops dripping if the pot is removed while brewing, because it simply hasn't been necessary.  The little "ding ding" it gives when it's finished is a nice touch for me, as it tends to help me snap out of my morning trance.Not so great things:  it's solid stainless steel, so you have to rely to a certain degree on the water mark area to see just how much water you're pouring in, and it can bubble up and become useless.  I've gotten pretty good at gauging it, though, so it's not a big deal.  Also, again, it is stainless steel, which means it gets marked up pretty readily.  If you are a clean freak, you'll be rubbing it daily.At this point, though, I'd buy it again
The toy for aggressive chewers... My pit can entertain himself for hours with a chew toy but few toys survive more than a week. Ordered one of the "ultra" toys back in February and four months later, it's still intact. If you have a aggressive chewer who's torn up every other toy, these (admittedly rather goofy looking) chews are the way go
Buy this coffeemaker!. ...but invest in a soft spongy brush for the carafe and a smaller skinny brush for the tube inside.  The Santos makes the best cup of joe I've ever had and although I was skeptical after several weeks of researching and reading customer reviews it's not that hard to clean if you spend an extra $5 on the right tools.
Awesome!. This cedar plank is wonderful!  It is not like the one-use bbq planks.  This one goes in your oven and can be used over and over.  The wonderful smoky taste it gives to fish and poultry is amazing.  I'm ordering several for Christmas gifts this year.  After trying the Signature Salmon recipe, my family decided that there is no point in preparing salmon any other way!  This is a sturdy cooking board that will last indefinitely if properly cared for.  Ours is still going strong after several years of frequent use.
Very GOOD; but NOT GREAT!. O.K. .... many say I am a perfectionist. Others say I am naive. I believed the reviews that I read that said this toaster made toast that was very well evenly toasted. Several praised it as a near miracle! Don't get me wrong - This is a very good toaster and I am satisfied with it. It is NOT supremely even-toasting. BUT,I would buy it again
Perfect. I ordered these sheets for my daughter's dorm room.  They are soft, have great style and fit the dorm mattress great
A classic beauty. I'm glad that Hamilton Beach revived this classic.  All other models I found (including HB's less expensive take on their classic jadite green drink mixer) are flimsy plastic.  This one is heavy, sturdy, and well-made ... the drink-mixing equivalent of a Kitchen Aid mixer.  We are thrilled with the quality and performance.  You'll be proud to have it in your kitchen or bar.  The styling is gorgeous!
Very capable thermostat. I haven't completely gone through the manual yet, but the item installed the first try quite easily, despite my setup being one of the more unusual ones, with both the heating and cooling being listed in the exceptions part of the wiring diagrams. It works well and has an intuitive enough interface that I have just set it up and left it going. Already saving me time and money over my old thermostat. Nice unit
It works. After purchasing several Black and Decker electric units and having trouble with them working on a regular basis, I returned to the past and ordered one I remembered 50 years ago in my Mothers kitchen. This unit works everytime and will be working long after I am gone
nice quality timeless silverware. I bought this because I just moved into a house and didn't have any silverware.  I had already bought dinnerware for 12 so this was perfect.  As an Amazon Friday special for fifty bucks you won't really find anything with  comparable quality at department stores or other places online...I only give it 4 stars because the quality of some pieces could be improved.  Especially on some of the forks you can see the stamping marks and some have kinda sharp edges.But overall a really good bang for the buck
Very nice. Like it. Light weight enough for my husband and heavy enough for me. We purchased to use as a blanket but could be used as a comforte
Just what I wanted for the job. This product perfectly met my need for a means of applying chunky sea salt - my preferred food seasoning - to meats and vegetables when cooking.  It conveniently grinds this type of salt to a texture that will integrate with whatever I'm preparing.  Don't count on it to grind large quanitites - it's designed for applying a nice dusting of seasoning to food surfaces.
nice. I was pleasantly surprised by the softness and quality of these sheets.  I recommend them
Simply the best kitchen knife I have ever owned. We have Sabatier and Wusthof sets but this is the first knife that every one of the family goes for first.Perfect balance, easy to sharpen, cuts meat, juliennes perfectly; even slices tomatoes.Pair this with the Global paring knife and really that's all you need. (Although my wife now wants her own for Christmas - clearly she's an incurable romantic)
We like better than Drinkwell. We had a Drinkwell fountain for more than two years and after the recent birth of our first child and a cross-country move, found that we had become overly lax about giving it a thorough cleaning.  The primary reason for this is that cleaning is very difficult -- it's almost impossible to get in every little nook and cranny.  Plus the plastic the Drinkwell is made out of seemed to get grungy very easily and almost absorb minerals thanks to the hard water in our new home.I was a little apprehensive about the Catit fountain after reading a few of the reviews, but thought we would give it a try.  The first thing we noticed while assembling that we really liked is that water is filtered *before* it returns to the pump (on the Drinkwell, it's filtered after going through the pump, which leads to a gunkier pump).  It's also very quiet, so you don't get that "running water" sound that (with Drinkwell) occasionally led us to search for an open tap before we realized it was the fountain.Some people have mentioned having difficulty seating the reservoir so water flows over the dome properly.  We did experience this after cleaning the fountain, but quickly discovered that we just needed to move the pump a bit to one side to allow for a secure fit.With the large reservoir, we also enjoy being able to go approximately a week between refills with two thirsty cats, instead of refilling daily (we did not purchase the Drinkwell's optional reservoir).  It is also very easy to see if the water level is getting low.  One note: I haven't observed either cat actually licking water from the dome and I was sure our little female would love this since she will drink from the faucet.Overall, I like this fountain better.  It looks kind of cool, it takes up a smaller footprint, is quieter, easier to fill and easier to clean than our old fountain.  We did not purchase the mat, and have had zero problems with spilling or splashing.  We did give the Drinkwell fountain to my sister-in-law since it was still in working order and her kitty is enjoying it thus far
Wonderful. There is nothing bad to say about this wonderful cutting board.  It's big enough for almost every kind of cutting I do in my kitchen.
Functional & lovely to look at. Who would guess that a dishrack could be attractive?!  Well, this one is.  And lovely is as lovely does -- it holds a tremendous amount, sends the water directly into the sink (as advertised), & is everything it's touted to be
Gorgeous. I happen to think that these saucers are the prettiest out of the entire line~ I originally got a couple as a gift and loved them so much decided to expand and make it a collection. I was hoping to find the teacups here too, but had to purchase them elsewhere
A bit pricey - but worth it. I thought what every one else thinks when the see the price of this thing--  WOW!  But I can honestly say it pays itself off in the long run.  The combination of the ice shaver and the blender made me say 'why didn't they think of this sooner.'  I can now see why i went burning thru all those  blenders.  Cool Gadget and a Must for every bar
Much More than a Casserole. I first started seeing this pan on Giada De Laurentis' cooking show "Everyday Italian" when I began collecting Le Creuset.  I didn't know it as a casserole at the time since it more resembles the "Everyday Pans" being sold by manufactuers like Calphalon and All-Clad.Of course, you can use it as a casserole and it's the perfect size for macaroni and cheese, fruit cobbler, or chicken and dumplings.  However, it is also a great saute and fry pan: steaks and chops brown beautifully; it's great for making a quick pasta sauce; it fries chicken like a champ; risotto cooks slowly and evenly; and it's even big enough for a small to medium roast.  In fact, I like it so much I got the five quart model for big batches of paella and larger roasts like turkeys and hams.Not only is this pan a joy to use and look at, it's also easy to care for.  It can go in the dishwasher, but really all it needs is a little soak and the caked on food just comes off with a scrubby sponge or dish brush.Though any cook would appreciate this piece, it is an especially good starter piece for the recent graduate or newlywed and it will last a lifetime.
Love it!!!. I bought this to add some fun to our weekend breakfasts.  It has been a big hit with the kids!  They love the sticks, I love how easy it is to use.  If you follow the simple directions, there is no batter leakage and waffles come out easily. The beep when done is a real plus - no watching for the light to go off. We loved it so much we bought a second one for the grandparents!
Works great at the office. I bought 2 for under the desks in the front office, seems to be quite drafty there, the little heaters are perfect for that area
I have always wanted one of these !!. And when it came up on my Gold Box offers, I couldn't resist ! And it is great !!  Heavy duty without feeling too heavy, this pitcher makes any occasion a bit more special !!  And it looks great in my yellow kitchen to boot !! Stylish, slightly retro and looks beautiful !  What more could you ask ?
Oxo Good Grips Tea Kettle. It's excellent, and much lighter than other models. It works just as well, but there's no strain lifting the full kettle
Just Excellent. Well its working really good, I think for compact refrigerator this is the best choice
Worth every penny!. So I did much research before purchasing this product. I read tons of reviews, went to the store to look at it up close and personal. I have to say, I have had it only a month or so, but it is everything I could have wanted in a food processor. It is easy to clean, the blades are sharp (careful!), the speed is perfect, and the attachements/slicer blades work well too. Here are some helpful tips that others (reviewers) complained about:1. Please have some COMMON SENSE, meaning: this is a food processor not a blender. Do not use this to make soup. Buy a blender or hand blender for that. If there is too much liquid in the bowl it will spill out onto your counter.2.people complained about getting the mini bowl out of the large bowl, easy: use a spoon or knife and put it between the 2 at the top and it will pop right out.3.yes it can get messy. but thats what cooking is all about (well not all about....)dont over stuff it. its not perfect, no machine is.I cook everyday- from scratch. This machine is amazing. I couldnt cook without it. There is nothing it cant do (except for soup!).5 stars
Fagor Splendid is splendid. Love this pressure cooker.  It is easy to use and a joy to cook with.  I only wish it had come with a steamer, but that is remedied by a silicon steamer that doesn't scratch the pot
The toast of the town. My husband has wanted this toaster forever and so I finally got it for him this Christmas.  It was worth the money, besides making great toast it is a very elite machine.  It looks great too
Needs a tray that drains. This dish rack looks awesome in the kitchen, but isn't big enough to hold a lot of dishes.  The lay out is such that it fills up pretty quick.  Since it's only my wife and I, it suits our needs, and any overflow goes into the dishwasher to dry.  The only think I don't like about this rack is the bottom tray, which is neither inclined nor any holes for draining.  What more is there to say...it's a dish rack, and serves it's purpose.  Yes, it's pricey, but should last a lifetime and I can't say enough about how good it looks in the kitchen
Awesome Coat Rack - not too big or too small. GREAT COAT RACK, hard to find item and what a great price.  VERY GOOD.
Outstanding for Kids Closet. I bought these for the laundry of my two toddlers to replace the mesh foldable bags which had ripped over time and use. The metal hanger and bag frame is almost as think as a pencil and holds up well (white-coated). On the back of the canvas bag is a zipper which allows for easy emptying at wash time. Canvas bag has strenght to it and is not paper thin. Nice size as it holds easily a toddler's week of clothes. Have hung one on closet shelving, closet clothes rod and on door handle. Only downside is carrying to washer. it has a canvas strap on one side. I think it would have been better to have straps on both sides. I would buy this again for it's shape, sturdiness, and thoughful design (zipper). No more kids clothes on the floor
Nice set of cutters, good price. If you use these sorts of things a bit, worth buying a set...lots of different sizes. Solidly built, hold up tp professional use
Nice pillow. Just like it's rated this pillow is worth the cost. It does take a few days to get use to but when you do it's great
Bring Coffee House Coffee Home. For a little information about me, I'm not a connoisseur of coffee. I like sweet coffee's (Carmel lattes) and never drink my coffee black. I like a nice sweet coffee in the morning as something smooth in the morning to get the day started, and occasionally at night when it's cold and if we are just relaxing I like to have a nice warm something or other. My wife will drink her coffee black and with almost no sweetener, she's a cappuccino person.We've gone to Starbucks on and off for years and recently a little coffee house opened up down the street. We have been going there every morning for the last month. We always get small coffees and at $6 a visit it was a shocker when we realized we had spent about $120 in a month on coffee... that's when we started looking around.Luckily a friend of mine had gotten the Jura-Capresso Z5 last year and couldn't stop talking about it, so I started my search there. After a lot of research on the web, and seeing the $1k difference between this machine and the Z5 which essentially only adds the One-touch cappuccino we decided to go with this machine.So far we've had the machine a few days and within the first few hours I was making sweet/frothy/creamy drinks that were on par with any coffee shop I had ever been to. It's really easy.The pre-sets are pretty good if you aren't too picky, but I'm *really* picky about my coffee even though I'm not a fancy burista or anything. The S9 comes with the frothXpress attachment so if you are into just hitting buttons and drinking coffee with no effort, you can totally do that. But I use the default manual frothing attachment and like to froth my coffee a certain way and my wife likes it another way.We also use the hot water spout to make tea at night sometimes.I'll admit that looking at this for $2500 then looking at some of the other machines that *seem* to have the same attachments for $400 is hard to swallow. The real magic of this machine is a combination of all the automation (push a button, drink coffee) as well as the fine-tuned control over everything and lastly over how exactly the items are heated, pressed and filtered. If you are curious, search for the S9 review on CoffeeGeek, the guy knows more about coffee than an entire country. He reviewed this machine after having it for over a year and loaning it out to people and restaurants. He got into the detail of how much pressure is used to brew the coffee (apparently very important) and also how hot and how fast the milk is heated (which is important I guess as well so you don't kill the naturally sweet proteins in the milk)... it's a ton of detail but at the end of the entire thing he gave the S9 his rank of favorite super automatic and I agree.If you go to Starbucks or a local coffee shop that is run by relatively normal/educated people and you are someone that doesn't mind spending some time or take pride in making a good drink, I don't think you would have any problem recreating that quality of drink with this machine, it's fantastically easy.If you are lazy and just want drinks handed to you so you can drink them and have a fairly wide range of acceptable tastes for your coffee, you can probably just spend the $2500 at Starbucks and let someone else do it.Overall the machine is fantastic. The finish is plated plastic which I thought was cheap feeling, but it looks fine because it's sort of brushed and not super shiney. That only bothered me for about 5mins, then I just forgot about it and drank the coffee.Another thing I like is that the machine is really intelligent about keeping itself clean. It tells you when it needs to rinse and does it once or twice a day, keeping everything in tip top shape. It also monitors the levels of everything in the machine (grounds, beans, water, filter, etc.) and tells you exactly what to do on the screen. Also, I didn't mention this in much detail, but you can control and adjust the values of everything in the setup menu. How strong you want your coffee or espresso to be, how much water is in it, how much steam in the milk, the temperature, how finely ground the beans are, how hard your water is and just about everything else that can effect coffee.The only cleanup after making coffee to speak of are the parts that touch the milk. For me that's just the wand that steams the milk. I just pop it off, rinse it and let it air dry for the next time. So that is something to consider if you think that you can just get this machine and push a button every morning and never need to think about it again. There are little things you need to do (like empty the grounds and the drip tray) every other day if you are making around 4-6 coffees a day. If it's just you or you are only making around 2 coffees a day, you can probably let it go 4-6 days between just rinsing it out, maybe 30 seconds worth of work.So my take-away advice for anyone reading this is:A) If you like coffee from anywhere (Starbucks, McDonalds, your house, etc.) this is totally overkill. Just stick to a normal brewing coffee maker and call it a day. This is like not being able to tell the difference between a Honda Civic and a Lexus GS400... if you can't tell the difference, then save all that money and get the Civic. Some people just can't tell.B) If you like good coffee, and get frustrated when you get the same coffee every single morning from a store like Starbucks and some mornings it's good, and other mornings it's not and you are paying good money for it (like I was) and you feel cheated on the mornings it stinks, then you'll love this machine. It will give you the chance to perfect your cup of coffee and make it whenever you want with perfect accuracy. It's also handy to make simple things like hot chocolate and tea with, so it has more functions than just the espresso or cappuccino
stove stays cleaner. I like cooking bacon in this because my stove stays a lot cleaner than using my regular depth Lodge skillets
Why isn't this product better known?. This must rank as one of the greatest kitchen "appliances" ever invented.  The idea is so simple, it's a wonder it's not used more.  Essentially, this is a crock-pot that cooks food on it's own.  You boil the stuff on the stove for 10 minutes, and then you remove the pot from the flame and set it in the insulated sleeve; when you get back from the office, voila, dinner's ready.  We've cooked ratatouille, lentil soup, curry, vegetable stew, and many other items.  In fact, in many ways, this pot produces BETTER food than if you had left it on the stove for a few hours: 1:- the potatoes and other vegetables don't disintegrate even after hours of sitting, because there is no constant boiling  2:- vitamins are not boiled out of the food (apparently), and certainly the flavor is better preserved 3:- color is retained  4:- by the time you're ready to eat, the  temperature is just right, not scalding.  On top of this, it's much safer: you can "cook" and leave the house.  We also use the thermal sleeve as an ice bucket and wine cooler.  The whole unit is perfect for "pot luck" dinners; we brought over the Thanksgiving veggies this way last year.  Finally, of course, this product is a wonder for SAVING ENERGY! The inner pot is deep, has a thick bottom, and holds a lot; it is not flimsy and so will not scald in the places directly under the flame.  It seems to be made of a special  stainless steel that retains heat much more than average.  This product deserves 10 stars -
Gaggia Classic Brushed Stainless is worth every penny!. I just bought a Gaggia Classic after extensively reading online about which machines were the best pick (thanks to N. Caine for his excellent reviews and suggestions - you made the choice a lot easier).  After much research, I chose the Gaggia Classic and I'm glad that I did.  This machine is very impressive:  sturdy housing, 3 way solenoid valve and crema laden expresso that's liquid gold.  It's easy to use and clean up is also a breeze.  Although I looked at the Gaggia Carezza as a possible candidate, I was turned off by the plastic housing and the lack of the solenoid valve.  The Gaggia Classic is worth the extra money and is a pleasure to use.  I highly recommend this machine for anyone who is looking to upgrade from otherwise disappointing machines such as Krups or Delonghi.  Look no further: the Gaggia doesn't disappoint
Little heater. The heater is much smaller than what I expected, but it really heat the room efficiently. And it has a good price which is easy to see. However, it causes a little bit noise and electricity unstable (1500W) while working
Well worth it, but make note of the size discrepancy. This was money well spent. I added the queen topper to my mid-grade full size mattress and it fit almost perfectly. The only trouble was with the depth of the corners on my fitted sheets. The topper made it a little too tall, but the queen size seemed as if it were cut for a full size mattress length and width wise. Size discrepancies aside, the topper made for a much more comfortable bed. There has been less tossing and turning, and I have not noticed the springs in my mattress since adding this topper. Considering the bang for the buck, I recommend it.
Warm and cozy. These are excellent sheets.  The fitted has elastic all around so it stays put.  They have been a favorite for the winter and my daughter keeps stealing them for her bed.  Wonderful product
It works. It works.  My cats sprayed my son's car seat and I used this product on it.  The smell is completely gone
We fell in love with the pepper pot. At first, when I bought this, I thought it wasn't going to be useful as our favorite red Creuset dutch oven. But slowly, we began to use this pepper-shaped pot as the default oatmeal or vegetable cooking pot.The pot heats slowly and evenly, and it is especially good for soups, frozen veggies, cereals and puddings. It can go to the table as a server for a side or a soup. We leave this out on our white stove as a sort of kitchen decor, it gets used all the time.  I love these Creuset pots for cooking--the enamel is healthful compared to metal or non-stick, and cleaning up is easy. Can't recommend this one enough
Great visibility. These blinkers really help spot the dog at night. I think it would be a great product for my dog, if I could get it away from the kids
Good Air Mattress. I've been sleeping on this air mattress every night since it arrived.  I put it down on the floor and bought a pillow and a sleeping bag to use with it.  It is very comfortable. The pump works well and the air doesn't seem to leak out.  I am well satisfied with it to date
amazed!. I've had this thing for a day and I am amazed. Like the other person who was excited about writing a review, I feel as if I can't wait to tell anyone and everyone that it works wonders. My apartment reeked of cigarette smoke - none of us smoke, but somehow the smoke from the upstairs apartment managed to find its way into our apartment. There's a huge difference between masking the smell with plug-in air fresheners and actually cleaning the air. Within 30 minutes, my room had no smell whatsoever (approx. 12x12 ft. room). The cost of the replacement filters is probably going to be less than having to spend money on plug-in refills.On the highest setting, it sounds like a box-fan on medium speed. This product is well worth it! I'll be sure to update later on after I test it out in the larger living room
Tervis Tumblers. They also have mugs, small glasses, medium, and large jumbo glasses for iced tea, etc.  These are my absolute favorite glasses and cups.  They keep stuff hot and cold.  You can order them with any design you want. I have wolves and pink flamingos on mine.  I also have a set with song birds.  They are so tough and have a life time warranty.  I can leave a glass of iced tea in my console of the car with the lid on it and the ice is still in it hours later in a 120 degree vehicle! I would recommend these to anyone
Very Pleased. I was so pleased with the description of this product that I ordered two.  Today I have placed my order for the third.  The finish is beautiful, and the cabinets very well built.  The design is handsome, a welcome addition to our livingroom.  One of the units was dammaged in shipping, and the company replaced the part fairly quickly.We have a large collection of DVDs and tapes, with numerous attemps over thiry years at storing them.  This is by far the best solution we have found.
Great artwork for a crowded apartment. When I moved out of my parents' spacious Elmhurst basement into a cramped Astoria studio, the number one problem I encountered was that I lacked sufficient wall space to hang all my favorite artworks. With real estate costing what it does, you have to be Tony Montana to afford separate pictures of Tony Montana reclining in a bathtub and Tony Montana contemplating a mountain of yayo, let alone lesser masterpieces, such at the Ray Liottas of Goodfellas or Copland. This painting solves that problem with grace and aplomb.My only complaint is that the artist neglected to include Carlito's Way, Donny Brasco, Paulie Walnuts, and Godfather Part II. Also, if they could make a Die Hard collage, that would rock too
My cat loves this thing. My cat has a ton of toys and ignores more of them.  The Cat Dancer, he loves.  As soon as I took it out of the package he was jumping at it.  He will play with the Cat Dancer until he is literally out of breath.  I think the draw is that the motion is very similar to the motion a bug makes
The Best Paring Knife. I would share the accolades of other reviewers for Shun knives as not only being super sharp but also that they are tools of extreme beauty. The Damascus finish is distinctly eye pleasing and the handles are strikingly georgeous and functional. Despite the extreme price difference with the 3.5" paring knife, I purchased the 4" size because it offers that extra half inch that I need to thoroughly slice thru cucumbers, bell peppers and the like. Because of the thinness and Damascus finish that this knife possesses, cucumbers do not stick to this knife, making my task much faster.I own other Shun knives and would highly recommend the Ken Onion designed 8" chefs knife. The combination of the Ken Onion and the 4" paring knife should fulfill 90% of your cutting needs. In fact, the 8" knife if so sharp that I use it to slice crusty breads.If you would like to take your preparation experience to another level do yourself a favor and acquire a Shun. You will find, as I have, that your German knives will never again see the light of day
Confusing little gadget. My Schnauzer Mix limits her play time with this ball. Why? Because it confuses her. So far, she can't figure out how to get it apart, tear it up, eat it or destroy it! That is 'Priceless'!!
UB3R Leash with Bling for your pooch!. I purchased a dozen of these after I recieved my first two! These are the most beautifully crafted leashes in the world! They look so k3wl when walking your dog at night and all my neighbors are in love with them and always are amazed at how they llok! They blink red/blue/white back and forth and shine brightly at night and can be seenn down the street. I sewar my dogs now love going for walks even more now once they see me fire up the leashes as they know everyone that sees them compliments them and gives the dogs attention
Best Product I've bought in years!. I admit that I do spend a lot of money on pet products, often with no response from my pets.  I thought that this, too,  would be a waste of $40, so I thought long and hard before purchasing the unit.Well, I am so glad I finally gave in! I have 6 cats, all of which loved the water fountain (I was afraid that some would not take to it -- but they all did).  Now, they all come running when I fill up the resevoir or clean the unit.  My cats are drinking more water than ever -- which we all know is good for their urinary tracts.Some of the reviews say that it requires too much cleaning -- well think of all the gunk your pets COULD be ingesting! I take the unit apart once a week and give it a thorough cleaning (including the pump which can sometimes get blocked by cat hair).  I also change the filter about once a week -- but remember, I have 6 cats, so with less pets, the filter should last much longer.  Other than that, I fill the reservoir once a day (I have since learned that this thing goes through water really fast, probably due to evaporation, so buy the biggest one you can get).It is the best investment that I've ever made in my pets
Great accessory piece. This goes great with the mission end tables and console table that I have. Very contemporary looking and easy to assemble
Beautiful Little Spoons. These Mikasa spoons go perfectly with your demitasse or espresso cups. Very delicate with nice finish. We enjoy them every time we use them
I use it less than I thought. It's good.  It works.  A little tight.  Nothing wrong with the product.  I just don't seem to find much use for it
Works great!. This is the second frother I've bought and it really has some power to it.Nice and compact. Gives a great quick froth, esp. for the price. Also works well on blending single servings of salad dressing.Just don't get the battery part wet.
Just the best. I cannot remember the last time I bought any pillows at any price that I was happy with after the third night! My husband calls me the Princess and the Pea with my pillows and he's right - but these are worth keeping. I'll be buying 2 more sets to have on hand for the future
I love this pattern. This was my second choice for a Pfaltzgraff pattern and I'm glad this is the one I got!!! The Napoli dinner plates were too large for my cabinets but these fit perfectly. They are definitely dishwasher safe, everyone comments on what a great set I have. Just couldn't be happier. The variation of pattern throughout the different pieces instead of each and every piece being exactly the same color and pattern is what I like most. I also ordered the service for 8 and quite a few extra pieces like bowls, sugar & creamer set, etc. Love them all
Our favourite cheese knife. The idea of a cheese knife with "holes" in the blade is to reduce the friction as one slices cheese, thus ensuring consistant slices, without the cheese crumbling or falling apart. This Global knife delivers admirabley to the task. Indeed, the design best fits hard cheeses, and Global have (imho) the best knife for this, period. Our old "stamped" knife bends and is awkward (dangerous) on hard cheeses.For soft cheeses, this may not be the best knife, probably a knife such as one would use for pate would be best. But, it is the penultimate for soft cheeses, and the best all round cheese knife my wife and I have ever experienced. We never regret the purchase.
really nice console table, unbelievable for the price. Very nice wood,  well constructed, easy to assemble (you just put the legs on)...I don't think I've EVER bought anything so nice for so little $$.  It doesn't look cheap at all, one would think it cost $hundreds.  the drawers slide nicely and the wood is smooth and a nice texture.  one rater said their's was a piece of junk, I don't understand that at all!  the only thing I might do is put different knob handles on the drawers, that would give it a very nice look
Absolute luxury. I was thrilled when I received these towels and found them to be significantly larger than the usual bath sheet size. They have a wonderful thick nap and are a decadent pleasure
Saved my marriage and my new couch. These things are a life saver. My cats never touched my old wore out couch but as soon as I went out and bought a new expensive one the youngest one decides she love to claw it. Well with in minutes of receiving these and now my couch is saved and she has pretty purple toe nails. LOL Everyone that comes to see us things it is so cute. These are great and easy to put on.
great pan. This was my first calaphalon purchase and I am so impressed that I plan on using nothing but calaphalon in the future. This pan is shallow and bigger around than normal 2 1/2 qt pans.The unique design of this pan means less cooking time and more evenly heated food. Hand washing the pan is easy. I love this pan !!
Cake heating core. This core is remarkable. It is so easy to use, just fill it with cake batter and insert it in the cake pan. Pour the remaining batter in the pan and large cakes come out wonderful. This heating core allowed by daughters half sheet cake to come out perfect
My dog loved it, then broke through it!!. This is my second Crate from Amazon.  I have a GermanShepherd dog and the Large is perfect for her.  I love the crate so much because it is open and airy and the front rolls up and velcro's. Very transportable.  We took it on a trip to NYC with us for her to use in the hotel.  One thing I had to do was buy a lock to hold the zipper together, cause my dog would claw at it, and realized this was how to open the crate to get out.  We bought another crate just to have because she seemed to love it, then after she realized she couldnt open the zipper she kept clawing and managed to rip a whole right through the door.  I came home to pillows on the floor and the roll of toilet paper shredded throughout the whole room and a book shred in pieces.  It's unfortunate she had to do this. But I recommend this to anyone with a smaller dog.
the best machine money can buy. It does all it promises plus more. Its easy to use and produces  great ice cream, in fact, ice cream better than you could ever hope to buy. For ice cream lovers its a dream come true
I can't believe it is true, but it is. This mop is amazing. No stinky chemicals and I have REALLY REALLY clean floors. My husband read a bunch of reviews and bought the map based on those reviews. We have gone through several mops in the past few years, because they couldn't hold up to a household with 5 cats. I have had standard mops, the "fancy" kinds from the grocery store, and every other mop out there. But this one works.I have had this mop for only a few days, but I am so impressed. I am beyond impressed.
a great wok. i like this wok very much.it is elaborate and works well. i always use it when i cook hot pot. the only trouble thing is that washing isn't convenient.i will give 5 stars if the wok can be removed from the base
Product's Name that really describes what the product really does!. Your Product's Name that really describes what the product really does!  It is amazing that the Hair magnet really is easy to use and more amazing is the manner in which it preformes gathering pet hair
Henckels deluxe 13 Slot in Drawer Knife Tray. I love the knife tray.  It holds all of the Henkels I have plus. It fit perfect in my counter drawer leaving me room along side to put my cleavers and shears.  Good price too.  Would highly recommend it
Superior quality towels.... High quality, soft and absorbent.  Large, all cotton bath sheets areexactly as described, and really hold up in laundering and usage.Great items
Just Misses Perfection. This is really a wonderful item. The grill heats evenly and to a very hot temperature so that food cooks quickly.The pans are truly non-stick and the melted cheese slides out easily. A fun item for small dinner parties, as friends will quickly learn to use this item, even if they are not familiar with the tradition.Only two flaws to this appliance: The electric cord is too short and requires an extention cord, and the non-stick cooking surface, while functional, is too thin and scratches easily, showing metal. Otherwise, you'll enjoy it
GREAT little shaker. Here's the only draw back - if you use it all the time - which I do/have. After awhile the salt and pepper shakers discolor. It's worth replacing them. I use Kosher salt for everything and this little shaker lets me use it to my heart's content. It's easy to fill, too. The matching pepper grinder is the BEST! Easy to fill, easy to grind - I love it. I just replaced my salt shaker (I melted the old one on the stove) and will be buying another pepper shaker soon to put out on the table to match the new brighter salt shaker. It's a lot to write about a salt shaker - but it's a small thing that makes a big impact in my cooking!
Love it!. I have had this dinnerware for almost 4 years and have only broke one plate.   It washes beautiful in the dishwasher and it still looks shiny and new.  Everything does get very hot when it comes out of the microwave so you have to be careful when taking it out of the micro.  I have a service for 12 and love it!  You won't be disappointed
GREAT wine tower!. I just received this wine tower the other day.  It looks as wonderful in my home as it does in the picture.  It's perfect for our needs and takes up so little space.  The ONLY complaint I have, and why I gave it 4 stars instead of 5, it was a pain for my husband to put together.  Also, it came with 2 bottom shelves, instead of one bottom and one top...he had to improvise until I can get this corrected with the manufacturer. (Fortunately, it's not noticeable)In spite of this, I recommend this wine tower for anyone wanting an expensive looking wine tower that is so space efficient at this price.  I've already gotten compliments on it from friends.
cosco $87.99 same appliance w/book and extra blade. this is my first juicer. I love it.  Messy, a little, but I can't pour a glass of milk without spilling some. Anyway, I found it easy to assemble and disassemble and very easy to clean. I just take my faucet sprayer and sprayed off the parts. Upon removing it from the box, and wiping it out with a damp cloth I prepared my fruits and made 3 of the recipes from the book that comes with it;  about 6 full glasses. All of them were amazingly delicious!
Electric Wok. Since I no longer have a gas stove, I purchased the Rival electric wok. The temperature is consistent, the bowl of the wok is large so plenty of veggies etc. can be stir fried.I'm very pleased with my purchase of the Rival wok
Wonderful product. I have a lack of closet space and don't like messing with hangers, so I've been wanting to get a coat rack.  This one was perfect: very easy to put together, looks great, and holds all my stuff with no trouble.  It's been holding a half-dozen coats and jackets for a few months now with no stability problems.  Definitely underpriced, this coat rack comes very highly recommended
Beautiful China. My wife wanted two sets to match our new family room decor.  Well, they turned out to be so beautiful that we have replaced our good formal china with this set.  Really gorgeous pattern and color.  The red has a slight orange cast and is not a perfect match for a more maroon red.The sets arrived in perfect condition although the two outside box were very beat up.  Excellent packaging.  A fabulous deal
Lodge 16" Dutch Oven is top of the line. As an avid Dutch oven cook I own 12 Lodge Dutch ovens.  I own 2 16" ovens and use them regularly.  I purchased the Lodge Logic Pre-seasoned 12 quart because I know the quality of the pre-seasoning and I choose not to have to smoke up my home to season one of Lodge's original ovens.I have chosen Lodge because of their quality and durability.  Just the other day I dropped not one but two of my 8 inch Dutch oven from the back of my truck onto the asphalt and both survived the incident.  Please don't test your oven by dropping it, this is not the proper care and I am grateful for the quality of Lodge cast iron.I give Lodge dutch ovens a big 5 star salute.  Thanks toAmazon and their associates for providing this product at a very good price.Dale Beam
Functional and Nice Looking. You can't go wrong with Le Creuset bakeware, and there's so many uses for these colorful little gems.  I use them to hold a variety of dipping sauces and other condiments, and they add a really nice touch to the presentation when making individual desserts, like apple or peach cobbler.  They also can be used to hold small-size snacks, like nuts.  &quot;Flame&quot; and &quot;Jade&quot; are also great colors
Excellent Buy. I bought two sets of these sheets!  We are very happy with the quality and price
great products. used vet's RX to treat my dog's ear and it didnt seem to work. After reading reviews I decided to try this . After only 1 week I noticed a considerable amount of change in her ears for the better. would recommend to others
Best Espresso Machine For The Money. I researched all of the top espresso machines, including Rancilio, Gaggia, Nespresso, Expobar, and Jura Capresso.  Most machines I eliminated because they had copper or brass boilers vs. safer stainless steel.  I also wanted something easy to use and self cleaning.  The Jura Capresso E8 makes perfect crema espresso with a push of a button, and the manual doser works great for decaf.  I added the FrothExpress attachment which siphons milk from my stainless steel milk container and makes instand microfoam froth perfectly.  According to the Jura Capresso rep I talked with, this machine has similar interior workings to their much more expensive machines (i.e. Z5), at a much lower cost.  The black plastic housing looks great on the counter and seems durable.  Not worth the extra money for the E9 and more metal.  I am very particular when it comes to the flavor of espresso, and this machine makes espresso that rivals any that I have had at home or at a coffee store, in terms of flavor and temperature.  This machine is one of the best home appliances I have ever purchased.  I do not work for Jura Capresso.  At $850 with no tax and free shipping through Amazon, it is a bargain
Still in training... I bought the cat seat for my two kittens (8 months old).  So far things are progressing nicely, and they took to it immediately.  I am at the stage where the training paddles are fully extended, and after a couple more days I am going to put it on the toilet seat
Great Utility Wood Cutting Board for all your Chopping Needs. This is a wonderful utility wood cutting board.When shopping for a cutting board, there are several factors you want to consider: Material, Size, Shape, Upkeep.Material:There are several to choose from, but Wood is the best if you care about your knives and your chopping arm. Wood is the easiest on your knives because the blade will sink into the wood instead of dulling on it (as if you were on granite/glass). It absorbs the shock of the impact, unlike granite/glass, which can be quite jarring to cut on. Wood also has natural antibacterial properties. There was rumors going on for awhile about the dangers of wood harboring bacteria, but after extensive research, they found out the wood actually seems to kill bacteria naturally. Scientists were not able to recover bacteria on a wood board after an hour, yet they could recover bacteria from plastic after days... There's extensive material on this, so I'll let you research more of it on your own as I continue the review of this board.The advantages that a plastic cutting board has over a wood board (it's easy to clean, dishwasher safe, light, easy to store) goes downhill over time - whereas the advantages of a wood board deteriorates very little over time. The biggest reason for this is that a plastic cutting board is only "cleaner" than a wood board when it's brand new. As soon as it gets knife scored, those little crevices harbors bacteria. People say that can be taken care of by scrubbing with soap - but think about it, you can't FULLY clean your teeth by just brushing! Why? Because brushing does not get into the crevices between your teeth, that's why it's crucial to floss. Now think about how much smaller a knife cut in plastic is than the crevices between your teeth. Microscopically smaller, yet large enough for lots of microscopic bacteria to live in. Then some people say to soak the plastic board in bleach water. This doesn't work either because of the vacuum effect and water's surface tension. You'd need to be able to force the bleach water INTO each knife score to rinse out the bacteria in there. Water will not force it's way into a vacuum like that on it's own (what you're doing when you simply dunk it into a container of bleach water). Bottom line when it comes to plastic vs wood - wood has natural anti-bacteria properties that does not diminish over time, and a knife scored plastic board does not. Even all studies and people recommending plastic over wood tell you to toss the plastic board when it becomes badly scored.Size & Shape:I think that this 18 x 12 x 1.5 size is the smallest board you can consider if you prep meals for 2 people. I like having a board that is large enough to chop on, and then move items over to little piles off to the side while I chop something else. The rectangle shape allows me to do this better than a square or circle. An oval shape might work, but it would be harder to store since you can't stand it on it's side. There are larger and smaller of these John Boos boards - so there's plenty of choices.  I would say this size is the smallest to consider for a main prep board.  I prefer the 20 x 15 x 1.5" as my main board as that board is just about the topmost limit that my kitchen countertop can handle, along with my sink to wash the board in). This board is also 9lbs, which makes it manageable. A smaller board would not be sufficient for my chopping needs. Consider making a simple meal with onions, garlic, parsley. That's 3 piles, while leaving room to chop some more - that's what this sized/shaped board can do well. These boards also comes in 2 thicknesses: 1.5" and 2.25" thick. I think if you buy a wood board you want it at least an inch thick. Thinner boards warp/break easier. You need it to be hefty. The 1.5" thick of this board is perfect. The 2.25" thick one is good for heavy chopping - as in bones, and is more in line of a "butcher block".Upkeep:Glass/Granite can break/chip, but otherwise can last forever. It's easy to clean, can be very pretty, and is dishwasher safe. It's just jarring to cut on and will dull your blades.Plastic is superior on everything easy. Dishwasher safe. Light, easy to store, cheap, comes in different colors...but be prepared to replace it as soon as it's badly knife scored.Wood. Of all the materials, wood needs the most to upkeep. You can buy John Boos Mystery Oil which is a mixture of Mineral Oil, Linseed Oil And Tung Oil. You can't just use any oil because it needs to be safe to eat in case of any oil transfer, and you don't want an oil that can go rancid. You just oil the wood every 4-6 weeks . Wood is not dishwasher safe. You want to avoid ever soaking wood in water, although a quick scrub and rinse through the sink, along with a quick and thorough drying with a towel will do the trick just fine. Yes, it's more work than the others, but it's not THAT much work, and I think it's defnitely worth it.One more note about wood boards. Maple is the best material becaues of it's small pore size ratio to hardness of wood. You might think that oak is very hard wood, but it has bigger pores, so stick with Maple.John Boos Cutting Board Conclusion:I think this is a perfect cutting board. The material, size, shape, weight, is all right. John Boo has also been doing this since 1887, so it's a good American company that's been around long enough to know a little something about wood. The customer service is great as well. My only complaint is that it's not very pretty. It's quite plain looking. The wood boards are a gorgeous addition to my kitchen, warming it up and giving it a very earthy and real feel - but being a girl, the cherry on top would have been if it were just "prettier".One last thing, this board is reversible. I don't like when they put little feet on one side of the board that prevents you from using both sides. This extends the use and life of the board and I think it's a shame to take that away. You can always just place a removeable, nonslip surface under your wood board to keep it in place - like silicone pad or a sheet of that non-slip drawer liner stuff.
the airl cleaner has really helped. this is a great product if you have allergies or sinus problems, this will make a difference i breath normally at night and it helps cut down on the numerous colds and sinus infections i am prone t
The most important tool in my kitchen. This knife is a superstar!  I cannot express how much more enjoyable food preperation has become since I purchased it.  After two years of almost daily use, it looks and performs like it just came out of the box.  Of course, I only hand wash and dry it, and I never allow food or anything else to dry on this gem!  Though seemingly expensive, it is well worth every penny
can't do much better for the price. The design is nice and overall I found it easy to put together. I can't say that it will last more than 5 years, but for the price it would be hard to complain. They do match nicely with my island retreat theme in my guest bedroom so I am a happy consumer on this item
Really Good Waffles. Works really well, do have to spray cooking spray or waffles get too dry
Nice Knives for the price. So far these knives have been great, stylish, sharp with a good solid feeling and no discoloration or staining when they were accidentaly put through the dishwasher.  If you can't afford the really expensive Henckels then this is a good substitut
Unmatched on the current market. Firstly, smallappliances.com provides a much better price on this product than amazon.Secondly, I write this review based on a 2-week holiday experience in which I utilized the steamer on a diurnal basis.Pros: sub- 5 minute warm up period; uses hard or soft water; compact and durable; does an adequate job of steaming dress slacks, trenchcoats, jeans, ties and dress slacks; 800 watts of output power (most powerful portable steamer out there); never clogs; lengthy power cord; straight-forward and easy instructions; steams vertically as well as horizontally (really!); and, balanced.Cons: goes through dihydra-monoxide quickly (which is a testimony of its steaming power and the limited water chamber); no on/off switch; only 4 steaming vents (bores); steaming head collects dirt and lint promptly & easily; have to purchase plug converters separately (utterly stupid since this unit is designed for the traveler--it's always about $, $, $, $); and, aesthetically unattractive.Is it quicker and more efficient than a clothes iron? Are the results better than a clothes iron? In my humble opinion... sometimes yes, sometimes no. For trenchcoats, ties, suit coats, jackets and jeans--this steamer definitely has the edge. For dress slacks and dress shirts--the jury's still out. As it stands right now, I would have to say, "No."All in all, it is a wise investment with ample potential.Hope this helps.
revere. Pans arrived in excellent condition and in a very timely manner.  I am extremely satisfied with my purchase and delivery experience
Best Knives Ever. I purchased these knives after seeing them used on TV.It is sometimes difficult to tell what products endorsed by celebrities actually work, but let me tell you these knives are great!They cut through meats (raw and cooked), and vegetables like butter.No problem with clean up, just use soap and water and dry. Not one problem with rust as some stainless steel knife sets produce.Highly recommend these knives for new cooks to professionals.
Great cup. This is a very good coffee mug albeit pricey.The handle is just right and it does keep hot drinks warmer and cold drinks cooler
Nifty Little Kitchen Item...But...2nd Disc Is Optional Accessory From Hamilton Beach Only. This review refers to the Hamilton Beach "Change -A Bowl"(Slicer/shredder) model 70800This is a great little item. It allows you to easily prepare meals without a lot of time or fuss. It is simple to use, puts together effortlessly and cleans up in a snap. All pieces that actually touch food are dishwasher safe on top rack. It comes with 3 GladWare 6 cup bowls with lids, so you can move from one item to the next without having to clean up each time. There is also a permanent bowl(no lid) to use as well. The shredder/slicer disc attaches easily and is two sided so you just use the side you want as the top side.Place your food in the chute, and use the "food pusher" to gently guide it through. Voila!Mechanically, it has been sound. I have had no problems, it has worked great. I have found it to be a super-convienent kitchen tool. A quick-start is included to get you set up and going, and there is also a nice recipe book with many ideas for family meals, one dish meals, salads and sides, deserts and entertaining. Among them you will find pizza, vegetable stir fry, cheesy potatoes,chocolate pear torte and Salsa(there are lots more). The recipes have all indgrediants listed, cooking directions and even tell you which side of the shred/slice disc to use.You'll also find some neat little hints, like for shredding mozzarella cheese, it should be frozen and cut into little cubes for best results. The booklet and has cleaning instructions and customer service numbers. All the info(including recipes is also in French and Spanish, along with specific phone numbers)So here is my only little complaint and reason for 4 instead of 5 stars. There is a second disc which is a "Fine Shred/Crinkle Cut", to add a little something different to your meals. This must be purchased separately from Hamilton Beach. I think for the price, they could have included it in this package. There is also a disc storage that is not included either. I searched Amazon and could not find that Fine Shred disc here.See product features on detail page here, this model comes with 1 disc!Other then that I love this nifty little item, and wouldn't hesitate to recommend it.Remember to breathe, Eat healthy, and...Enjoy.....Lauri
Fantastic Food Dehydrator Made by Ronco. My son had to have this food dehyrdrator for making beef jerkey.  He is extremely happy with the Ronco Food Dehydrator.  He has been making beef jerkey every week since we received the dehydrator.  We haven't tried it for other things yet, but I am sure in time that we will
Excellent buy - great pan. I've read a number of complaints about food sticking and difficulty with cleaning.  We've experienced neither of these - make sure the heat is not too high and clean with hot water!  It's a great saucepan and the price was great.  Highly recommended
What to do when the snow's too deep to chase grasshoppers. Our cat is stuck inside most of the winter since she dislikes snow. Ruby gets grouchy and gains weight. But now that we have the laser thingie, she races up and down the hallway, scrambles high speed in circles that make her roll over with dizziness, then gets up to leap at the walls. She is so into this toy that she bugs us each night to play with her
Best value on the market. OK - the negative reviews on this are pretty out there; they are either complaining about non-existant issues (um, 1 star from someone who didn't even BUY it?  Becuase it supposedly doesn't come in 110?  That's wacky), or have the wrong expectations of what this machine will do.  The bottom line on this espresso maker is that it has the guts of their more expensive models (minus the 3 way solenoid, which has NO effect on how espresso is made) and IF you know what you are doing can make espresso as well as pretty much any model out there.To over-simplify, espresso makers come with one of 2 basic types of portafilter (that's the thing with the handle you put the espresso grounds in). Pressurized or non-pressurized.  The former basically pulls the same shots no matter what you do, as long as your beans are fresh and your grinder is good.  The latter requires a bit more art and science.  The tamp (compacting the grinds into the portafilter) is critical, and you can vary the way the shot is pulled with different grind size, tamp preassure and tamper type.  This, while harder to do consistently, is the only way to properly hunt the elusive "God Shot".So - onto this machine: Using the "perfect crema" disc is just silly, frankly.  In fact, I don't even think there was one in my box.  I do know what it does, which is to basically convert a traditional espresso maker into a pressurized one.  But hey, if that's what you want then buy a pressurized one from one of the myriad manufacturers out there.  However, if you want a model that will let you explore your inner barista, you need to buy a non-pressurized portafilter unit.And for the money, there is NO WAY you are going to get a better deal than the Gaggia.  In fact, there are a number of different models in the Gaggia line, all of which are basically the same until you get to the $500 one, which comes with the aforementioned 3 way solenoid. Sure, there are different designs, and some changes in the type of frother (don't bother with the auto-frothers) but the guts are the same, right down to the brass portafilter. I chose this particular one because of its water capacity and the size of the drip tray, which beleive it or not is a pretty big deal when you pull a lot of shots in a day, as I do.The fact is, this machine is a beauty.  Get good at it and you'll pull shots as good as ANY machine out there, and if you are a total tweek-head, you can even PID this bad boy (look it up...).  But you want more?  Go check out coffeegeeek dot com and read read read.Synopsis:  Want a machine that will keep up with your growing barista skills?  BUY THIS NOW.  Don't care about the art, just want quick fast espresso?  Go elsewhere and pick a pressurized portafilter unit.Oh, and either way you go, you NEED a good grinder (the Gaggia MDF rocks and is reasonably priced at $200), and you want FRESH beans - order online from one of the many fresh roasters out there; it makes an incredible difference
Garlic 101. I grow and eat lots of organic garlic ... Every summer you can see the huge purple orbs of garlic blooms right in my front courtyard garden, alongside other beautiful (yet less practical) flowers. The Norpro Garlic Baker is large enough to easily accommodate a big head of elephant garlic or several smaller heads of regular garlic.  And it's so easy! You just whack the top end of the entire garlic head off before baking, and the naked cloves are easy-peezie to remove from the outer coverings once it's cooked. I like to soak the lid of my Norpro in water before baking, as that keeps the garlic head extra moist while it's cooking.  The best part: my garlic is being cooked while I'm preparing the rest of my meal, so the Norpro allows me to multi-task! I would like a smaller version to carry with me when I travel
Excellent Product. Well.. I did not have space for my receiver and my DVD recorder. I did not want to put them inside the entertaiment center so this shelf is very useful. Everything is as I like to be.Thank
Pretty Good. It DOES come loose sometimes but I have a white cat that loves water and this is the only collar that comes in white (colored collars bleed onto his fur)
Elegant and functional. In a small household, this has turned out to be the most-used pan.  It is not only everything that everyone knows about All-Clad in terms of high quality and functionality, but it is astonishly beautiful as well
The slicer of choice. This superb slicer has a couple of engineering differences from the run-of-the-mill wire slicer. Both make for durability and consistency:1. The adjustment is done by moving the roller between three sets of notches, for thick, medium, and paper-thin. The common "slide the roller and tighten a screw" arrangement generally causes slippage, particularly after you've been using the slicer a few months, and you need to keep re-adjusting it. Not a problem with this unit.2. The wire itself is held in place by two tiny cubes of metal slotted into holes in the slicer. This means that the wire is much less likely to loosen and break than a slicer wire that's held on by a pair of screws.The slicer is a good size and will handle large blocks of cheese with ease, and the handle is ergonomically shaped and covered in soft rubbery material. Overall I'm extremely satisfied for just a few dollars more than a cheap grocery-store wire slicer
These are the favorite toys of my cats. My three Turkish Angoras love to play with their mice.  We must have 200 of these little furry mice in the house (most of them usually behind the TV or under the furniture).  I have found that if you put the mice in a ziploc bag of catnip for a couple weeks before you give them to the cats they love them even more.I highly recommend this product.
Not too hard. For a puzzle toy, my puppy figured this one out pretty quick.  He immediately shoved his whole head in the box.  The difficult part was figuring out how to shake it off.The balls are his favorite part.  He is happy playing with them regardless of the box.  In fact, he seems to get irritated when the balls are put inside the box.The squeaker inside the balls isn't very durable.  After a few weeks of play, they have become warped and don't squeak very well anymore if at all.  The fabric on the balls seems to be holding up well.The fabric on the box is a different story.  The side openings (where you shove the balls in) are almost completely destroyed.  They don't hold up to puppy teeth very well
capresso-jura coffee machine. I got the Impressa F7 for mother's day and it has changed my life around! The coffee is predictably par excellence and both my husband and I have no desire to go out for coffee anymore. In fact when we are out, we would rather come home than go to Starbucks.The machine seemed formidable at first (I find any thing with manuals to be intimidating), but after reading the manual and trying out the F7 a few times I got it right. I have since perfected the art of frothing and steaming. It comes with a video, though I did not watch it.CONS: has a fairly large foot print....needs a lot of counter space.Flavored coffee beans cannot be used in the grinder....something to do with the oils. Because of this I have switched from hazelnut coffee to unflavored coffee, and frankly, the coffee is so good that I don't miss the flavored kind.The accessories such as the water filter and the cleaning tablets are not easily available.....I have to order them directly from Capresso, or from Williams and Sonoma.Finally, although this is a somewhat expensive machine ($1400), we have recovered half the cost of the machine over the past 3 months by not going to specialty coffee stores and spending $3 for each cup.Hope you find this review helpful.K
Best little spatula ever!. I just ordered another one of these little spatulas.  Found that having one was just not enough sometimes.  I love them -- they are very comfortable in your hand and do a great job cleaning out bowls.  Every working kitchen should have at least one of these.  Nice too that you can cook with them although I mostly use mine in baking efforts.  Prefer bamboo spatulas for cooking.
2nd Edition is Great. I've used the Itty Bitty Booklight for years.  The 2nd edition is a welcome improvement.  It's much easier to turn on/off, and the light stays in place after months of use.  (The light on the Original Model tends to swivel after time.
Okay, now I'm a believer!. There is an ongoing and eternal debate among dutch oven users as to what is the best brand available.  For years I have held that Lodge was the best but the difference in quality wasn't worth the difference in price.  Of course at that time I didn't even own a Lodge.  Well I heard about this one an sale and had been wanting a 14" deep so I ordered it (the free shipping didn't hurt, either).  It arrived within two weeks, was already seasoned from the factory (seasoning is a pain, but very necessary), and when I started using it I found out why so many people will only buy Lodge ovens.  It really DOES cook better!  I highly recomend this oven for anyone who needs a large D.O.Seriously
Bye - bye litter pan... It did not take long for my cat to learn how to use the toilet. Some people say animals are often like their owners. Happy that I found this item!
EXCELLENT SERVICE. REALLY CUTE LOOFA PET. MY DOG LOVES IT! DELIVERY WAS REALLY FAST. EVERYTHING WAS GREAT. THANK YO
A BARGAIN...EXCELLENT QUALITY. I guess the person who gave it 2 stars didn't read the product description so he decided to give the item a bad rap. I bought 4 sets of these sheets with the matching duvet covers and the matching shams. My girlfriend thinks I'm the greatest thing since Martha Stewart (haha) The quality is excellent, medium weight flannel that washes well without all the pilling. The shams  are very soft and hold up well after multiple washings, AND........you can't beat the price. BUY THEM!!
Sharpest knife in my collection. I bought this knife for my husband as an anniversary gift, and it is his new favorite knife. This knife is not only so sharp that it goes through meat, veggies, and anything else, but it is also absolutely gorgeous. The alternating metal textures in the blade are eye-catching. I did have trouble storing it though.  I does not really fit in my knife block (the blade widens toward the handle).  It would work well on a magnetic knife strip.  Currently I have it in its box in a drawer (a shame because it is so attractive)
CUTTING BOARDS ARE SUPPOSED TO SCRATCH. that's it.  if a cutting board is not showing marks from your knives, then it is DULLING YOUR KNIVES.  So scratch away
Must have for MacBooks!. This laptop desk is small, slim, light, comfortable in my lap and blocks virtually all the heat coming from my new MacBook. It even keeps the MacBook itself cool by using stick on knobs which elevate the notebook for better air circulation. For the price, this must be the best accessory I've bought for my MacBook and is always on my couch for whenever I need to use my MacBook. I'm even considering buying one for the office. Customer serivce is great too. They replied to an email I sent within the same day
very nice coffee maker. This is my 3rd carafe coffee maker,    1st was a Krups also,  that I loved.   2nd was a Cusinart,  that was all right.    This one is my favorite by far.   Love the low opening lid on top for pouring in water,   and it's cuter, shorter carafe.The only thing I don't like is,  does not seem to keep as hot as the other ones did
We like it!!!!. Despite reading all the negative reviews about this product, I registered for it anyway and I am so happy that I did!  This is one of the most used gifts that I received after having my son.  I use it every night in the nursery.  My son has eczema and his doctor recommended I use a cool mist humidifier in his room at night to keep the air moist.  I keep a towel under it and have had no problem with dampness.  My husband and I have decided to purchase this same humidifier for another room in our home.......
I love this set!. This is the most beautiful pots and pans I have ever used. They are wonderful to cook with also. They are nice and heavy the handles do get hot sometim so be careful. The lids work really well at keeping the heat insde the pot. They are not non-stick. they fry pans are though. If you soak them right away and don't burn your food hte way I do they come clean pretty easy though. I hope you enjoy them as much as I do
Great item. My fish love to ride the bubbles to the top of the tank. Nice quality, great item. You fish will LOVE it
Great buy!!. These pillows are a great buy. I bought six of them for my king bed because I like a lot of pillows. They are very comfortable
Great Addition to the Bathroom. This shelf unit has enough room for plenty of towels and some decorative acessories.  Putting it together was easy although my only complaint is that mine leans to one side just a little.  Good value for the price overall
8" chef works well. This is pretty much the same review I wrote for the 8" chef.  I liked that knife well enough that I'm considering buying the block set, though I don't know if the handle design will work well for smaller knives.  I'd give the set five stars because it includes no knives that are too stupid or too specialized (like boning knives and bread knives and slicers) for a basic knife kit (especially for home cooks) but the inclusion of laughably dubious kitchen scissors drags it down a bit.A 6" chef is probably marginally more useful than a 6" utility, but it's nice to have at least one knife you're willing to hand to your less skilled friends.  The set also includess a diamond hone, which will actually sharpen knives, not just align their edges (though I use a DMT diamond hone for sharpening.)And here's the body of the other review.Since I was planning to spend a few days in a commercial kitchen, and my 6" Henckels knives are both embarrassingly small for serious work and embarrassingly dull because I'm too lame to sharpen them, I decided to grab the 8" chef's knife (at Bed, Bath & Beyond, with a 20% off coupon.)It worked extremely well for all the tasks I set it to today, including mincing parsley and chiffonading mint as well as the usual cutting tasks.  Despite its shallow curve (I strongly prefer knives whose edges are mostly straight, rather than the curved French style) the blade rocked very well for mincing, and was flat enough to cut completely through the rolled mint leaves in one short stroke.  Furthermore, the sharpness impressed the other people who used it, though we shall have to see if it can be REsharpened to the same degree.The handle design is clearly not for everyone, but I found it very comfortable when I held the knife as many cooks do, with the back end of the blade pinched between thumb and forefinger(s).  In particular, most knife handles/bolsters seem to be designed for people who grip knives solely by their handles but the integrated bolster made it feel *right* to grip the knife at the blade.  The handle *seems* to be just the right weight to balance the blade, but I'll reserve judgment on whether it actually IS that well-balanced until I've spent more than a few hours using it.I have no idea if I'll continue to like this knife as it enters daily use.  I hope that Amazon will let me revise my rating later if it turns out to be overly optimistic, but based on this one afternoon's use (and since they force me to rate it) I gave the 8" chef five stars
Successful Wine Preserver. The Metrokane V1 successfully creates a vacuum to preserve an unfinished bottle of wine.  However, it is moderately difficult to open the decanter after releasing the pressure, and it must be watched from day to day to be sure that an adequate vacuum is maintained
Perfect. This was a perfect replacement for the 10" glass lid I accidentally broke.  And the seller shipped it via DHL, instead of UPS, so it was delivered to my P.O. Box with no pain or attempts to track down packages.The price may seem a bit steep, but the construction and materials are excellent - thick stainless steel and a VERY firmly attached handle.I'm considering replacing all my glass lids with stainless steel.  I won't be able to see how things are cooking, but at the same time I'll never have to worry about breaking another lid
Good Product, Fast Service. We are content with the thick quality of this tablecloth.  It is nicely designed, and we received it quickly.Highly recommended
clean, versatile. I like the fact that I can clean these every time I use them.  Potholders arent that easy to keep clean and these are dishwasher safe.  Also, the versatility is nice; from oven to table.  They arent as flexible as I would like and some dishes are difficult to grab hold of from the oven.  I think that will improve in time.  Overall I love them
Love that Thumper. This will be the third Thumper I've bought.  Lost the first one on a trip, second is still going strong after 5 or 6 years and the third is for a gift.  It's simple to use, loud enough to wake you and doesn't mind a good smack in the morning when you want 5 more minutes.  The thumper pad is big enough to hit when you're groggy!  More products should be as easy to live with as this one!
It's KitchenAid, it's red, what could be better!?!. I replaced a seven year old version of this mixer with this one and I couldn't be happier.  The wider bowl and the slow start features are my favorites.  Those were the two things that bothered me about my older one.  I am a huge fan of KitchenAid
Great wafflemaker!. We love this waffle-stick maker!  I like how you can either keep it as a few bigger waffles, or break them apart into strips.  The non-stick surface allows them to easily come out of the waffle maker.  We already had a waffle maker, but I wanted this one for the kids.  And they love the waffle sticks for a snack.
Great but newer model available. I'm new at air purifiers. Bought an Orek and returned it 3 days later after also buying this model for $100 at Target. It cleaned up somethning in the air immediately that helped my allergies a lot and this is not wishful thinking. I ordered two of the newer models on Amazon, 17005, because it has a timer and remote. These machines are noisy but they pump a lot of air and with the timer we can set the two that we will be getting to turn on full blast while we are sleeping. Other air cleaners have higher ratings but cost 4-6 times more. I am going by my personal experience and think that two in our medium sized master bedroom will continue to do even better than the one we have now. (duh :-)The 17005 is $120 on Amazon. Good luck.P.S. It pulls cat hair out of the air quite well. I had to clean the pre-filter after one day. I would give it a 5 but I'm no expert and maybe there is even something better, but I don't think so
High Dollar-High Value. Expensive, but worth it. I have tried for years to keep all our kitchen knives sharp, but with very poor results. Any number of $10-$20 knife sharpeners have come and gone and we still had a drawer of dull knives. The first time I tried this sharpening system I became a believer! You can make your $6 K-Mart knife perform like a scalpel and your good knives will be better than new
Excellent - makes restuarant quality rice!!. Just tried it out with some basic jasmine rice from the local supermarket.  It is rice we have prepared numerous times in another (cheaper) brand rice cooker and also have prepared on the stovetop.  The rice that came out of the Zojirushi was absolutely perfect!  As good as any I have had in any local restaurant or on my frequent trips to China.  I was astounded.  None of the crispy brown stuff we had in the other cooker, just perfect plump, fragrant rice.  The countertop stayed clean as well, didn't bubble over with starch water like the other cooker.  Clean up of the cooker was easy.  Top notch, excellent product.  You can't make better rice than what this thing produces
Great Sheets. Great sheets, soft and beautiful color. Get them before they are all gone
Revere Ware rules!. I ordered this set to complement a few pieces of Revere Ware that I have had for years. Though it's true that these pans are made of lighter weight material than in past years, the quality is still good. I chose these because of the many options in size and I haven't seen any other cookware that is so light in weight without being low in quality. So many cookware sets today weigh a ton and have long, metal handles, making them hard to store and use
So Pleased with Ionic Breeze Quadra. I bought 3 IONIC Breeze Quadras for my home. At first, I was skeptical as I did not see much on the filter, since I kept checking it too often. But I gave it some time, vacuumed, lived like normal and Viola' after 7 days or so, the filter blades had to be cleaned and now I could see what was taken out of the air we breathe! My only disappointment was the "candle burning" warning since I am a candle lover. Great product and will need 2 more soon since I have a large house. "breathing easier in FL
Great Find. Having become enamored of these fine--elegant but durable--glasses at the bar at Sea Ranch, CA, I am delighted to find I can buy a set of my own so affordably. I look forward to sipping less well-traveled bourbon from them
Crock Pot Critter. The item is all that you advertised it was. Being a widower, I spent a lot of time in local eating establishments. Since I received this pot I have gone wild. I use it constantly and experiment with all kinds of goodies. All my friends, who once thought I would burn my apartment down when I got near a stove, all call me, "The Crock Pot Critter."  My crock and I have become constant companions and I enjoy using it tremendously.Thank you for your follow up.Sincerely, Sherwin Bari
Great Value for the Price. Nice looking; works and feels like it is not cheap; operation is easy and properly engineered.  A press button raises the lid, fit the basket into the slot and close the lid before lowering the basket (see photo with lid up and handle out that I added).  Then lower the basket safely so there is no spattering.  This model does not allow varying temperatures, a light  on the lower section lets  you know when it is ready and cooking is controlled by time.  The instructions  are very helpful, their recommendation to cook potatoes in two parts allowing the oil to reheat up again in the middle works very well.  The drain tube is very easy to use and a great feature.  Relatively easy to clean.  A basket of fries can feed 3 to 4 people.  Not a lot of smoke or smell when operating.We could have double the price for a built in timer and variable temperature settings, but we are happy with this and feel we got very good value for the money ($50)
Works well, excellent design. Someone deserves an award for the design of this deep fryer.  It comes completely apart for easy cleaning and can be reassembled in less than two minutes.  Seriously!  It makes crisp fries, because it gets very hot, the basket is relatively large and the price is right.  All in all a great product.  I replaced an older Delonghi which was impossible to clean and I am so glad I got this one
La Vie En Rose. This is an artifact of civilization that makes one feel good about herself. Implicit is an air of gentility, civility, decency. With this tray we take time for the important moments of ceremony in our lives, such as taking coffee or tea with friends or family.Others will write about its physical characteristics; I write about what it means to me, to us all. Regarding the beauty of well crafted wood and glistening tile, we feel a shiver of joy. This tray is a talisman for us - we touch it and feel reassured.It may do the same for you
Does exactly what I wanted. This is a pretty straight forward product, it holds dishes.I have storage/accessability issues with my serving items and this product helps solve that problem
These things are great!. It is the perfect size for a bowl to eat out of, it has a lid so it is good for leftovers or taking to work, and having a handle is great.  There are no worries about taking a hot dish out of the microwave: you just grab the handle and eat.  Probably, ideal for teens or college kids.  Also, they also hold up well.  We have a couple that are about 10 years old, and recently bought some more on Amazon
John Boos Block cutting board. As the owner of other John Boos wood items, this smaller butcher block cutting board is up to the usual high standard of this company. Excellent indeed
Happy Consumer. This is a great smoke and CO alarm.  It seems to be very sensitive to smoke...particularly when I burn toast.  However, it has a convenient silencer button.  I always change the battery every 6 months and have not had any problems with it.&#60;br /&#62;&#60;br /&#62;The other person who reviewed this didn't think it was loud enough...I think they need a hearing aid
my happy little friend. I have allergies, I have wrist problems, I have a small apartment with hardwood floors and area rugs. I like to vacuum and often. This little Devil is awesome, and so are it's attachments, filter, dump mechanism, and ability to tuck away for storage. Unlike some similar machines in this category, it also has great suction. I'm happy with it
Not bad - great value. Like others, out first attempt resulted in a desk broken out of the box.  Target took it back with no questions asked.  The second went together smoothly, and easiliy.  Construction is solid (compared to other products in this price range).  The desk looks very nice, although the finish of the desk top is a bit rough.  Color is a bit dark.  I have no regrets getting this - in fact I wish I would have bought two while they were on sale
Here's an alternative... I hung 2 big jingle bells on a sturdy ribbon by the door & it accomplishes the same thing with no batteries to worry about! Consistantly ring the bell before opening the door and he'll learn in 2 or 3 days
Just what I needed. It was the perfect price and the perfect tool to have around
I love the chop plates best!. I have about 20 chop plates.  I have most of the colors. I use them for barbeque dinners and for Italian meals.  They will hold the whole meal on one plate (southern style). They have enough space to keep messy foods separated with no need for separate side plates. The standard dinner plates are too small. Stacked on open shelves with my other Fiestaware pieces they give a burst of color to my neutral kitchen.  I started with my mother-in-law's collection that was passed down to me. The older plates are larger than the current style. With mixed colors you can set the table to any color theme. Warning! No one likes the pink one. It's "the tongue plate." The last person to the table gets that plate and it's not unusual to see it sneakily moved from place to place after the table is set. Kids love to switch it around. These plates are fun. Amazon has the best price on single plates.
OWN TWO ---- WANT MORE. These filters have kept my tanks vvery clean. Mine are quiet, pump a lot of water, but as a hint, I over filter every tank I have by at least 4 times. For now the filters and carbon are also free shippin
Lovely!. I bought this to give as a gift, but I had to admire it for a few days prior to wrapping.  I just love Fiesta. All the colors and shapes are wonderful.The pitcher came fast and in perfect condition
works very well. Steam is the only way to go.  A modern version of the old clear glass units that many older (over 35) folks might remember from thier childhoods.It works.only gripe... needs bigger reservoi
fast delivery. very quick delivery. item was what was promised. it was a gift and she loved it
6" Joyce Chen Bamboo Steamer. This is the third steamer I have purchased.  One for each of my daughters, and one for me to use on our boat, as I have the large bamboo steamer for home use.  Steaming is the only way to prepare vegetables, and this petite size is perfect for two.
easy to use. I got the NordicWare because it was recommended by the people at Cook's Illustrated. It's very easy to use and does a nice job--pops with or without oil and leaves only a few unpopped kernels. I used a Presto PowerPopper before getting the NordicWare. The Presto is also very good, but is more trouble to use and clean (two more parts to deal with--a separate base to attach and paper concentrators to insert). Plus, you eventually have to buy more concentrators.  Finally, the NordicWare comes across as more durable. It is a single sturdy bowl with a flexible plastic cover. It's simple and easy to clean. I enjoy using it and enjoy the popcorn!
Pressure canner. I have been very happy with this purchase. It is of good quality, easy to use and would recommend it to anyone getting into canning
Excellent!. Gave this as a gift to a J.A. Henkels collector.  She said this paring knife completes her collection.
Pricey but worth it!. This lid makes my 12 inch fry pan much more useable.  It is of the same high quality as my cookware set which I absolutely love.  I ordered this lid with a promotional gift certificate that cut the price a little and made it somewhat easier to swallow.  All-Clad is definitely the finest in cookware, and this lid is a beautiful addition to my set
Exactly What I Wanted. Soak Then Wash. Highly recommended. Cooks very well. I have not cooked brown rice yet. White rice comes out great. I add slightly more water than with previous rice cooker. I wish every appliance had a non-teflon option.It isn't coated. In order to clean avoid leaving warming heat on when there's very little rice left, keep lid on for warming, and simply soak cooking pot in water for a few minutes and wipe away easily with a sponge
Arrived broken, but works well after I fixed it. Blows very warm air far out into the room (much better than the other 7 or 8 portable heaters I've used that only heat the floor for 2 feet). Controls are easy to use. Unfortunately mine arrived with a loose fan inside. I found one of the screws holding the fan was cross-threaded and broken, and the other one was loose (this was poor assembly, not shipping damage). I fixed it, rather than returning it, and it works well (I don't recommend anyone doing this unless you have electrical expertise - and a long Safety Torx driver for the screws)
Great set for the price. We found this set at Target on clearence for $39 a few weeks back.    There was also a 3 piece Santuko set for $12 on clearence.  Great looking knifes and the fact they are forged rather than stamped is quite a bonus.  Can't beat the price even at $75.  Don't put them in the dishwasher
Four Stars for the Four Star Line. Like the knives. Good construction, appearance, balance, and works well.The finish isn't quite up to that of the Wusthof.
Great blade grinder. This is a great grinder!  I paid a 1/3 less than this at Target, so for what I paid, it was an excellent value.  I use it to grind coffee for my coffee press & it does a good job & it is so easy to use!  You set the dial, set the amount to be ground & then push the button & watch it rip.  I don't have problems with my lid coming off like the previous reviewer but I am only grinding a small amount so it might not be as prone if it isn't full??The grind is not uniform like a burr grinder produces but it is plenty satisfactory for press pots & drip makers.  I have no bits in my coffee so I am happy!  The adjustments work well & are flexible.I am very pleased with this grinder but I would not have bought it if it cost more than what I paid.  I recommend going to your local Target & paying what it is worth
GREAT BUY/GREAT PRICE. The picture in the Ad doesn't do these Pots and Pans justice. They are very very shining and heat evenly and fast
Laser pointer does the job at a low price. After a few weeks of use, I like this laser pointer as an inexpensive alternative. It emits a bright read pointer dot that is clearly visible to the audience. At the size of a ballpoint pen (but quite a bit heavier) it is comfortable to hold and use during long lectures. This laser also uses standard (and inexpensive!) AAA alkaline batteries. This is a big plus compared to other pointers that require expensive and non-standard batteries. (Just remember to keep spare batteries handy since there is little warning when battery life fades. The laser just becomes intermittent.) On the negative side, the pointer button's easy access makes it prone to accidental depression inside of a packed briefcase. The case it comes with is too cheap for continued use. Find a better case or keep it in your shirt pocket. I have not owned this unit long enough to know its durability or reliability, but for the price, I always keep a spare handy (just in case).
Works as advertised. Believe it--this product actually works.  It's hard to imagine milk frothing fro a $20 hand-held device, but that's exactly what it does.  Play with it for a while and you will find the technique perfectly fit for your frothing preferences
Beautiful Dinnerware. We love these plates. They are really gorgeous. However, we feel the quality should be better for the price. As with other items in this collection, the bottom of the plate where it rests on the plate below, is not finished smoothly. We cut Easy Liner to fit in each plate to solve this. However, the Dinner Plates had other quality control problems. Several plates were unacceptable due to rough spots, rub marks, dimples. Some seemed to not have enough glaze. Since the entire set must be returned, we went through four sets to end up with two that were acceptable. Even a few of the plates we accepted should have been finished better. But, we still love the collection
Nostalgic!. I LOVE the Swingaway can opener!  Not only is it the BEST can opener I have ever had; but it is just like the one I remember from childhood
For those 'non-25 lb. turkey' roasting jobs..... I have both this and its 'big brother' that came with the Calphalon Contemporary roaster.This rack gets the most work since  I rarely get to cook for large parties or family gatherings.  It is sturdy but it is no joy to clean.  That is why I have rated it 4-stars.  This is the type of item, because of its sharp, fixed, hard-to-reach angles that begs to be dishwasher safe.  I wonder when companies like Calphalon will get a clue??
Great Idea!. The CatGenie is an ingenious invention.  It is easy to hook up and maintain.    Our 15 year-old cat has no problem using it, and since we previously owned an automatic scooping litter box, the CatGenie did not scare her. The plastic pellets do scatter, but so far, that is the only down side to this product.  We love the fact that we don't have to deal with cat feces-EVER
Urban Red  -Love It!!. We have alot of dinner guests and everyone has commented how modern and fresh looking our new corelle is - we love it!!
Nice Little Table, Good Value. I recently purchased the "Island Collection Plant Stand" to go with my "Island Collection Bench with 2 Drawers," which I have also reviewed.  I wanted a small, matching end table to put my wallet and keys on as I came in the door.  The plant stand is the perfect match for the bench in this respect because they match in both size and style; both the bench and the stand are 14 inches wide.  I am quite happy with the combination.The stand is easy to assemble.  Be careful to follow the directions, however, as it is easy to make a mistake if you do not.  Everything you need except for a Phillips head screwdriver comes in the box.  The structurally important elements are bolted together with the bolts screwing into pre-threaded, metal sockets.  The drawer rails are attached with wood screws that screw easily into guide holes.In some ways the stand is a nicer piece of furniture than the bench.  While there is some Masonite in the drawer, the rest is solid wood.  The drawer is a bit narrower than it seemed to be in the picture, but it is fairly deep.  (Just remember when you look at the picture that entire top is only 14"x14".)  The stand is very sturdy, and I found that it stood upright without rocking.  The rattan is the same cheep quality as the bench's, but it is slightly recessed making it harder to damage during assembly.  My big complaint about the plant stand is that the bottom shelf piece does not fit snugly with all four legs; there are small gaps between the shelf and some of the legs.Overall, I found it about what I would expect for $40, but I was not blown away
6.25 ounce bowl. Great size for a small to moderate serving; Fiestaware has been a good find and value for our family (2 generations) as all the place setting colors we have are still available (24 places/6 colors).  We have been able to replace anything that has been broken, plus add different pieces (just added these bowls to the original 2 colors to which we atarted our home).  Mixing colors makes for a variety of beautiful table settings for seasons and hoidays
Better than most. I've been using a round-bottom wok for 15 years, and with my new stove, found out I had to use a flat-bottomed wok.  I was skeptical about the quality of cooking with such a wok, but have had no problems. In fact, I think it turns out the dishes better, though that may be because the stove has a high-heat burner that I'm using with it. This wok is a bit heavier than my old one, but I think that's an advantage. Because it has 2 handles, it's easy to transport to the table. (My old wok had only one.) A disadvantage is that it doesn't come with a cover, but I am using my old cover(aluminum) and that works fine.  You could probably buy a cheap one if you live near any Asian stores. My judgment is that this wok is heavier than most, which also means its cooking quality is probably better. It's a pain to season, but so are all woks. You just have to do it once then never again, or at least seldom.  As for someone hating this because of a metallic taste to food, that would happen to all food of this type that is cooked in an iron-based cooking utensil.  Certain foods can't be cooked in a wok.  But if you are cooking Asian foods in this, I think you will be very happy with the results.
wine caddy. I really like the wine caddy.  Even more beautiful in real life than pictured
what cha talkin' about willis?. not sure what is up with tom, but am diggin' the pizzagrill. i did  a lot research before buying this and have had pizza stones (yes, pizza stones, not home depot tiles, which are not certified for food and often contain dangerous amounts of lead and arsenic), etc., on the grill and they simply don't compare. this is rock star. what i like:1. makes great pizza2. is food certified (from the tile to the paint, this is more important than people realize)3. the thermometer goes higher than my bbq thermo (500 degrees) and let's me get the pizza right4. the edges and backstop stop the pizza from sliding off the grill when taking it off (happened more than once trying to use a pizza stone only)5. the elevation seems to help both on the cooking side (perfect top and bottom) as well as giving a long life to the stone (problem with putting it directly on the grill--had one crack).what i disklike:price is tough, but nothing compared to my grill or cookware or what a home pizza oven outside would cost.for value, it's great and thin, ny style pizza on this is unbeatable. pimp your grill
This is the one!!!. The 5-star reviews are no joke. I just got mine yesterday. Talk about quality! If it were designed any better, it would have a BMW logo on it. No instructions are included for assembly, because none are needed. A hex wrench is included. 10 minutes and it was together. Sturdy isn't the word. If you need a mobile closet that will last a hundred years, this is the one to get. I would not hesitate to buy another if it cost a hundred bucks
Nice. I bought this for a curtain for the bathroom window which is in the shower area. I love it. I cut it off to fit the window. Just the right color I was looking for, needed a yellow color, not to dark or not to light. Nice material also, not the vinyl that you smell for weeks after hanging them
Very nice. This knife is quite a bit lighter than you would expect anything with the word "heavyweight" in its name to be, but it's plenty strong, quite sizable and feels good in the hand. I still think a cheap, heavy cleaver is the ideal tool for melons, squash and sweet potatoes, but this is definitely an excellent chopper that will make short work of any conventional fruit or vegetable. It takes an edge suitable for paper thin slices as well, but  it's not hollow ground or fluted, so they'll cling like crazy. I can imagine its relative straightness would make it an ideal candidate for performing that fancy daikon unrolling trick in the hands of someone much more skilled than I, however.It's also worth mentioning that this knife will easily travel through over half of a large onion with little more than a flick of the wrist, so keep those fingers tucked under, and invest in some safety-toed boots
Henkel Known As The Best. I love the Henkel Fork that I purchased as a gift for my husband. It has always been and will always be a superb product.The packaging was sleek as well.It is almost better to give Henkel than receive it
Count Me a Believer. Don't know the exact reason why, but these are the best I've tried--far better than brandy snifters--for tasting the full complexity of a good spirit.  Not just single malts but blended Scotch, bourbon, even aged rum.  If you don't like the taste in these glasses, then you should change your choice of alcohol.  Or dump it into a highball glass, cover with Seven-Up and top with a cherry and umbrella
definitely worth it. I have a litter locker for both of my litterboxes (1 on each floor) and am glad I do. Does a fantastic job of locking away the odor, and each refill lasts about a month for the most popular box, several months for the other (3 cats). Worth it, in my book
40 years and still cooking. Before Revereware came in sets, you could only buy it open stock in better department stores.  When I was 19, my Dad bought 5 sauce pans, 2 fry pans and a dutch oven with lids for each.  He said at the time, "Here you go, these will last the rest of your life."  That was forty years ago. In that time I have packed my Revereware back and forth across the country three times.  Cooked with them on gas and electric ranges, on camp stoves and over camp fires.  The cookware is still good, no hot spots, no warping and the copper still shines, it is going to outlast me.  I have added to the original cookware my Dad bought over the years, but I have to buy used Revereware to get the heavier pots with the thicker copper bottom. To get these I go by the trademark on the bottom of the pans, mine has 1801 with Paul Revere in profile. A newer lighter (cheaper?) version has a patent number and something about process.
Floating on a cloud!. How to make your worn-out queen sleeper mattress feel like new
Great... Pots and pans is more of a personal choice... but I found these work great. I have used them for a few months now and they still look brand new. I have a gas stove top and you can't see any burn marks, etc.Non-stick works perfect - easy clean up every time. I like the added bonus of the grips on the handles as you can hold them and feel virtually no heat while they are on the stove.Heat distribution seems to be fine.I only wash them by hand, I have not tried to put them in the dishwasher as I am afraid it will damage them, besides, clean up is so easy, you can be done with it in no time.
Nice kitchen scale,  no batteries. Looks great on the counter, well built and very accurate. I would have given 5 stars but its just a tad harder to read than my digital when weighing in ounces or grams
not enough......... Its a great product! good quality. Not enough velco (sp) for the bumpers , my bulldog takes them right off
Great tool. We had two cheap department store pepper mills that were driving me crazy. I love to cook and if you're making a large pot of anything or seasoning a roast to go in the oven it took forever to get enough pepper ground. In addition, I have carpal tunnel so not only was I frustrated, it was painful too! I didn't particularly want to spend $50-$100 to get a really "good" pepper mill. This pepper mill, like all the Oxo products I've tried, is well made and extremely well designed for doing the job it was meant for with maximum comfort and maximum efficiency. Thank goodness there are companies like Oxo
Perfect. I am using my new roaster for the hot stone treatments that I do on my clients. It's the perfect size for my in home business. Don't forget to let it smoke for an hour or more, the smell is horrible if you don't.
Quality shows everytime. This is no exception. I have been searching for a truly good thermometer for some time. Thank heavens I finally found one. Great instrument and priced just right
Deep Fryer. Great fryer - works well and all the parts clean easily in the dishwasher
Nice looking and useful stew pot. I just received my tomato pot.  The color is not as bright red as the picture shown on the web site.  I'm slightly disappointed for the color.  Like the other customer's review, the handle is not the same.  Although, I like the handle I get better than the one (round one) shown on the web site.  It's a great pot to cook with, heat food uniformly and handsome to present with
Great toaster. I like this toaster a lot. It has a substantial feel to it. It stays put when you push the lever down, and the bread toasts relatively evenly. It's worth every cent.
happy nappy. This mattress topper changed my day bed from a lumpy place that I could never get comfortable on to my favorite place to take a great happy nappy!!
Majestic Hunter fantabulous!!. Hunter fan arrived in 2 days from Amazon.com and immediately I noticed the weight of the fan...heavy, just the way I like it. Unpacked this beauty and plugged her in and off she went with a beautiful sound. I love the 3 wing blade and the speed variation is great...from barely running to blow your hat off......we love it, keep up the good work Hunter. I intend to buy one for a Christmas gift also.
I'm very pleased with my purchase.  Gardenia smells great and is exceptionally healthy!. I received great customer service and a beautiful plant here.I would recommend this Gardenia to anyone who loves flowers or wants to give a nice gift.My Gardenia was delivered right on time in great condition, is still very healthy, and smells terrific.I've gotten many compliments from friends and even my grandchild who said "what smells so good grandma?
Rival Electric Ice Cream Maker. Used over the holidays and had no problem making the ice cream. One of the recipes included was very good
Fantastic Reading Light. I love this light!  I spend hours reading in bed each week and this light is just perfect since it shines a perfect amount of light over the book w/o disturbing my husband.  It's also a real treat never having to worry about replacing lightbulbs (like most other reading lights).  Couple it with the electric adapter and you have a reading light with no maintenance
A very good deal. I was able to assemble the chair in 20 mins after opening the box. It is quite comfortable and fits in to my small PC desk perfectly. It looks stylish. It is definetely a good deal for the price
Dirt Devil vacuum cleaner. This small powerful vacuum is perfect for car interiors. It sucks powerfully and has a clever, easy to use flip out nozzle for small crevices, as well as a short easily attached extension hose--which I haven't yet needed for the car. It's easy to empty. The construction seems excellent--nothing is flimsy. It's noisy, but this is expected and acceptable for a small uni
The Bakeware Your Grandmother Used. In my twenties I bought no less than three non-stick cookie sheets while my Grandmother (an avid baker) was still using her aluminum bakeware from the 40's. I later inherited a few of her aluminum pans and I couldn't believe the difference. My cookies were no longer crispy and brown on the outside and soft in the middle...they were baked evenly. I was also able to scub the sheet and place it in the dishwasher, something you can't do with non-stick varieties. Additionally, there is no danger of having teflon flake into your baked goods. Aluminum is tried and tested and provides professional results. Buy the right cookie sheet and buy it once!  I have both the half and quarter sheets by Nordic as well as the 13x9 pan.  I'm a devoted fan
I can't believe I've waited this long. After all the fancy All-Clad pots I own, this one is becoming my new favorite. For some things like searing meat, only cast iron does such a fine job. The only thing I'd point out to buyers is that this pan is bigger than it looks. If I'd bothered to measure first, I would have gone with the 10 inch skillet instead of this one, but that's my own fault! This one is big and VERY heavy, but after seasoning it, it's awesome for cooking. Try a fajita or a nice seared steak
Best toy ever!. Our dog loves this toy! She's a big fan of plush toys that squeak (her other favorites are her Loofa dogs, which we've put in the box as well) and puzzle toys and this is the perfect combination of the two.  Plus, with the balls we've been able to work on getting her to catch!  Lots of fun for all of us!
I can't believe I'm raving about a trash can!!!. I first fell in love with this at a friend's house.  I couldn't believe how easily it opened!  My toe had just barely touched the foot pedal. WOW.   I didn't have to turn my foot to the side to get enough pressure to push on the pedal.My friend told me all about the can, and it was on the top of my Christmas list.  Yes, a trash can.  But not any trash can, a $100 trash can!  My friends thought I was nuts.  But my dear husband made my dreams come true, and purchased the can for me.I've now had it 8 mos. and am thrilled with it.  Here's what I LOVE:- There is a little shelf for the inner liner can to rest upon.  This helps you take out the trash bag and put a new one in.  NICE feature.- There is no metal handle to get in the way of the trash bag.  You know...the one that always tugs & rips the bag.- The bag releases & comes out easily.- You don't see the the trash bag from the outside of the can.  It doesn't hang over the edge, but tucks neatly inside.
Great product!. I've had this filter for almost a month now.   It was easy to install, primed on its own, and has my tank the cleanest I've ever seen it.  I have a 75 gallon tank and have used numerous filters (last being an EHEIM ECCO canister- stay away from it).
It did not pass the audition. Original review: I just brought this home today and have made the first pot o' joe with it. Prior to this, I've been using a Krups Moka Brew which I was really tired of having to deal with and was continually dissatisfied with the coffee it made. After one use of this Braun, my impressions are as follows: first cup quite good & flavorful using some gourmet beans, and the temperature pretty hot! The second cup, for some reason, seemed to lose a bit of the flavor of the first cup. Too soon to say if this will be the norm - if it is, I'll probably take this back to the store. But for now, I'll keep it for a day or two, experiment with more coffee, slightly different grind, etc. and see what happens. I've been drinking coffee and trying different coffemakers for many years so I'm quite finicky about my coffeemaker & the cup it produces. A follow-up review will be posted once I decide if this is a keeper or not, but I do know it makes better coffee than the Krups Moka Brew and it's heck of a lot user-friendlier.  UPDATE - Well, I really wanted to like this coffeemaker but it has a couple of problems. Firstly, the full coffee flavor isn't quite there like I was hoping it would be for an 80-dollar coffeemaker. Secondly, when it's finishing up the brewing process, it steams like a locomotive. This product did make coffee very hot but, again, the flavor wasn't all there, so I think this model is a missed opportunity for Braun. If they can come up with a model that truly gets full bean extraction at the temperature this machine makes the coffee, they'll have a winner. Back to the store this one goes.
Improved Double Boiler Insert. Because I acquired much of my Calphalon cookware collection more than five years ago, I have pasta, steamer, and double boiler inserts that were made from the same hard-anodized aluminum alloy as their pots and pans. Since Calphalon now manufactures these accessories using 18/10 stainless steel, I've begun upgrading my collection. This beautiful 2-quart polished stainless steel double boiler insert is very heavy duty, has a lifetime guarantee, and it fits perfectly into my 2.5-quart Calphalon sauce pan. I place the insert in the sauce pan, which is partially filled with simmering water, to melt Callebaut chocolate for candy-making. I also use it when making Hollandaise, Barnaise, and Bchamel sauces; and for making custard, pudding, and chocolate mousse. Calphalon also makes a 4-quart stainless steel double boiler insert that works well with their 4.5-quart sauce pan for making larger amounts of sauce or dessert recipes. I hand wash and dry this insert to keep it looking like new. I like the double handles on these Calphalon inserts much better than the one long handle on some other double boiler inserts. Someday I hope to buy a Mauviel French copper and porcelain bain-marie, but until then, I'll be very happy with this one
Excellent alternative to chemical laden litters. We got tired of the smell and toxic properties of the other cat litters.  It clumps, my cat had no problem adjusting to it and we LOVE it!  It does track, but they all do.  Try it
Great Fan/Great Price. The Soleus Air Fan is just what I was looking for in a fan for my bedroom.Powerful yet quiet I especially like the timer so the fan isn't leftrunning all day.It was easy to assemble took about 15 min's.The remotecontrol is a really cool feature
Great Looking High Functioning. This is another great looking and high functioning product from Capresso.  The polished chrome looks great with my Capresso coffee maker and Capresso coffee bean grinder.  It is worth the few extra dollars
Smell Killer K40005 Air Cleanser. The smell killer is the best air cleaner that I have ever used. I use one around the kitty litter box and it eliminates the smell completely. If you have pets I recommend buying this product. It makes the room smell brand new. Worth the price
pizzelles. I was looking for a pizzelle maker and after extensive research, this was the best option, including the price.  These cookies are wonderful and the Krumkake maker works great. It heats up the way it should and the instructions are easy to follow.
Perfect for under the desk. I bought this because my office building is over air-conditioned and I usually have to thaw out by lunch!  This is an absolute perfect heater for under the desk. It's got an adjustable thermostat as well as a built-in safety feature in case the unit is tipped over. I have not experienced the unpleasant odor reported in another review. I would highly recommend this heater to anyone whose office or cube is too chilly
Excellent dishware. You just can't go wrong with Fiestaware.  It's sturdy, durable, attractive, cleans up easily (from table to dishwasher to cabinet).  And if my rough-on-dishes family can't break it, no one can
ISI WHIP CREAM MAKER. We have had one of the ISI Whip Cream Makers also for 20 years and there is nothing else like it. We have given them away as house warming gifts repeatedly and they are well appreciated. Some friends have purchased poor imitations that last only a couple of years and cost them just as much. It is one of those things you think you "Why would I want one?" and after you own one you think "Why did I not have one of these before". Not only does it make great whipped cream, it impresses the hell out of your guests
outstanding machinery. This little machine rocks! Sure it makes great Panini, but it also grills steaks (with perfect crosshatch marks), grills fish, grills chicken, grills vegetables! I use it for everything, and it all comes out grease-free, and moist and tender....bravo
I've tried others. My first time I used tongs was in a restaurant.I found out just how much help tongs were in the kitchen.Now I have my own kitchen and these still are a lot of help.I've bought 2 pair both from a offline retailer.12" tongs absolutely worthless a couple of uses and you're scouring the dishwasher for pieces.I recieved tongs from amazon and let me tell ya these are the real deal.Heavy duty and then some.there will be more of these bought from amazo
Parrothead Pottery. This was an EXCELLENT addition to my friend's parrothead kitchen. The colors are bright and add a touch of PARTY to the room
Necso American Harvest Add-A-Tray works Great. The Add-a-tray for food dehydrator model FD-50 looks and performs exactly as the original.  The extra trays make drying larger quantities of food faster and easier
The heat is off!. I use my laptop almost daily and needed a way to keep it off of my lap. As many people don't know, a laptop is not really made to be used on you lap but on any desk or table. It's supposed to be a portable computer. Your laptop can overheat if it cannot "breathe" properly. That being said, I needed a way to use my laptop on my lap. I love the Lapinator. It keeps the heat of the computer away from my legs and puts the computer keyboard at a more comfortable angle. It's lightweight and thin enought to slide into my computer bag.
A powerful little cleaner, however so very light., It picks up!!. I got this little cleaner for my step-dad who has heart problems and cannot lift over 15 pounds. This little sweeper he can handle with ease, and me being the caregiver to my mother and step-dad this little powerhouse helps me out as well. I looked at alot of sweepers before deciding on this great cleaning tool, and I know that you cannot go wrong with this winner!! It is easy on the hands too
Consumer Satisfaction Once Again!!. I didn't realize that melmac was still being made, however, was pleased to learn of it as I needed to purchase some bowls for shipment that would not break.  This was the answer and solution to the situation.  Thanks
Nicely Made. Nicely made and well worth the money. Only thing I did not like was the water resevoir opening is so shallow if you put in the water too fast it will spill over the edge. Coffee is perfect everytim
HotSpot Silicone Pot Holder. This is a terrific multi-function pot holder.  Not only does it wrap around hot pot handles, it can also be used as a trivet, a jar opener, a protective table mat, a plant mat, and a mat under a mixing bowl to keep it from sliding.  It rinses clean.  I love it
It actually does what it says it will!. I bought this for my 10 year old daughter. It is perfectly safe for her to use on her own. You need no pressure, it is completely electronic to shave. It is fast. Needless to say, my husband and I will be borrowing from her!  This is a great deal
Good pot, good price. This is nice looking pot and works just like I expected.  It looks and feels like it is better made than any I've owned previously.  The footprint is not too big, which I like (I have the world's smallest counter space in my kitchen).  Setting the time and programming was very simple.  I like that when I move it I won't have to get the directions out to figure it out all over again.  I wanted a thermal pot because it seemed so much more efficient than transferring the coffee into a thermal carafe.
Got rid of all the miscellaneous flatware. I have owned this flatware set for more than a year and use it everyday.  It has a classy design and the size of the fork and the bowl of the spoon allows a decent amount of food to be gathered.  The look, size, and weight of each piece is greater than any of those $29.99 specials on sale at Target, Walmart, Kmart, etc.  This set has a 25 year warranty and I expect to be using them long after the warranty expires.  A great deal for the money
What's not to like?. It's a rug pad. It was exactly as described and functions precisely as it should. It was packed and shipped efficiently and appeared to be of very good quality. What's not to like
Great dispenser!. This is a very good quality chrome tissue dispenser that will look great anywhere.It is, nowadays, hard to find a dispenser for FLAT tissues boxes. The square dispensers are almost all you can find. If you've tried a flat box over square, you know there is no comparison. The flat boxes dispense far better, no bunching up, and the tissues per box are MUCH CHEAPER. This is why the square boxes are being sold now - tissue companies are making double the money! Don't fall for it!Once people discover this, they will switch back to flat boxes, at least I would HOPE. I did!Only problem with this dispenser, is you need to use the shorter flat tissue boxes. Kleenex makes them, as do some of the generic brands. With those boxes, this dispenser works GREAT!
The price is right. Nothing disappointing here. This is a good value for the price
Big Enough... This is a throw blanket big enough to cover your toes and your ears.  Warm, light.  Bought it as an exchange gift for Christmas and it was 'stolen' over and over
My dog loves this toy and he hasn't destoyed it yet!. This is the perfect dog toy.  I have a Chocolate lab that loves to play frisbee, but he kept destoying every frisbee that I bought for him.  He loves this toy and you cannot even tell where he's had it in his mouth and we've had this toy for over two months!  This is a great toy for chewers!  Two paws up! :
Suprised by the negative feedback! My experience has been great!. I've used the Wamsutta Extra Deep Sateen sheets for years now because they are really the only sateen sheets I can find that will fit my pillowtop mattress well, aside from super high end sheets that are WAY more $$. I've never had the experiences with the sateen finish washing out or the sheets getting rough. In fact my sheets have only gotten softer with each washing. I've never had a problem with major shrinkage, and the pillow cases all fit our Queen size pillows with about 5-6 inches extra fabric to spare! I do own one set of the Couture 500 thread count (Wamsutta Extra Deep Sateen) and they are a higher quality than the 300 thread count, but that's to be expected.Over the years I would say I've owned about 5 sets of these sheets, purchased from various stores at different times. Mostly I've bought mine from Linens N Things. It makes me wonder almost if some people are getting rejects from somewhere?
easy jerky. This my husband's favorite flavor and it's easy to make! I don't bother with anything else
Allergy suffers rejoice!. I suffer from chronic pet allergies. Unfortunatly my fiance has a long hair cat and when I moved in I had to resort to taking prescription allergy medication everyday again. I bought the Dyson DC 14 and almost gagged when I saw how much hair it picked up in just one room alone. I thought the house was clean after I used our old vacuum but apparently not. I went over the entire house twice just to be sure. The first time picked up so much that the cannister got full fast. This vacuum is a miracle. Not only are my allergies getting better...but the cat has been permenetly moved from an indoor/outdoor cat...to a full time outdoor cat.Thank you Dyson, I will only own this vacuum!!! :
My cat is happy. My cat is happy, the feeder works, and it isn't too hard to program. The programming was the part that I was the most concerned with, and I managed it. (and I have trouble programming my VCR)Battery life is also better than my previous feeder
7-Cup Food Processor. Very pleased with item.  Powerful and quiet. Like the 3-cup mini bowl
Very nice!. As long as you have the proper lighting, these bulbs will flourish.  Mine have grown beautifully and they were all different kinds - some purple, some green, with very different leaves.  One of them even had small white flowers.  It's so much cheaper than buying pre-grown plants and also, you won't get snails or other unwanted pests accidentally.I have goldfish in my tank so I grew these in a partitioned-off area so they won't eat them completely on me.  They grew fine in an aquarium at room temperature
Wonderful Towels. These are my favorite towels.  I pass up any other towels in my linen closet to use these.  They're thick and soft and wonderful
Just what I was looking for. This looks like it's going to be a much used and loved item for making salads and cooking with herbs. I find the solidly built quality excellent and the size and weight of it just right. I'm glad the bowl in the wooden block is large enough to accomodate lots of herbs and that there are little "feet" on the bottom so it won't slip around. Can't wait to grow some more herbs this summer for mincing up. The knife and board also are quite a work of art in their own right
Perfect for entertaining!. I have recently purchased three different styles of demitasse spoons to use for a party.  The dessert was served in shot glasses - and this was the only demitasse that fit into the bottom of the glass.  They are a perfect size!
Great value for the price!. A nifty little electric skillet that fries, braises and bakes! I bought mine for fish fries but use it for much more, especially during the heat of summer since it doesn't heat up the kitchen like a conventional stove does. A great bargain for the price and lasts forever. Makes a great housewarming or shower gift too
Fantastic. I exchanged a Hoover WindTunnel II for this and am EXTREMELY impressed with the design, suction, noise levels, and ease of use. I am only a new user and can not give you a long-winded review, but after going over several rooms several times and continuously coming up with more cat-hair and debri, I cannot recommed this vacuum enough. Extremely easy to set up, easy to operate, easy to empty, and has very nicely thought out attatchments.Pros:- Excellent suction- Attatchments and design make sense and are easy to use- Very easy to empty (some have complained on this note due to a tapering cylinder, but to them I would just say "Empty more often since it is so easy to do")- rubber guards in all the right places and tires keep you from destroying walls, furniture or wood floorsCons:- Zero, zip, nada, noneEither way, if you think I am nuts, read  some of the other reviews here on this product
cute kitchen accessory. Very Cute piece.  Did not think it was small since the measurements were included in the description, it was easy to see that it was a perfect fit for my apartment's kitchen!  VERY pleased with the item because it goes well with the other chef themed items that I have.  I also got the matching chef kitchen clock and they look darling in the same room.  I was quite pleased
Brave Little Microwave... I've had this microwave for three years.  I got it at Target for [..] dollars.It can't tell time.  It doesn't heat up food very fast.  It makes a loud humming noise while it heats up food.  When it gets done heating your food, it makes an incredibly loud beeping sound that you can't turn off.  There isn't a whole lot of room inside the microwave.  The glass turntable is wobbly and unstable.But if you're like me, this microwave meets the only two requirements that matter.  It heats up my food and it doesn't break
it works!. I've had this for a few days, occasionally using it before shaving and always after, sometimes twice a day, and am thrilled that my legs are actually smooth - something I didn't think you could get by using an electric shaver.Before using this I would come out of the shower after shaving and look like I had three days worth of stubble on my legs. I had used TendSkin before but it was messier and definitely more irritating than Solution 2. This product does not sting, and leaves behind a soft sheen on the skin.It smells very strongly of alcohol with the slightest trace of mint when it first goes on, but that evaporates quickly. I had such a horrible problem with ingrown hairs that I didn't hold out much hope this would work, and am very pleased. I am hoping that with continued use the red "dots" I have had on my legs forever finally disappear.I ordered this through Amazon and it arrived very quickly. The product is very nicely packaged and came with a couple of freebies - a bottle of shampoo and a few travel packets of Solution 2.I have been rolling the product on day and night because I love that silky smooth feeling my legs have now that the ingrowns are all popping out and I can get a very close shave. The only downside is that I'll be out of it in no time, and it's not exactly cheap for the amount you get, which is why I only gave it four stars
Very comfortable. I love my curiosity Mogu pillow, its very comfortable to sleep with and it is very cute. A must buy for anyone who ever likes Mogu in the slightest.
Nice unit. I looked locally for some natural wood colored end tables with no luck.  Theses units looked pretty good on-line and had a reasonable price.  I wasn't disappointed.  They showed up in a few days and were assembled in a few minutes.  Typical, minimal tool design and solid construction
WOW!!. These are luxuriant!  You cannot go wrong with these; especially at that price!  And they are roomy, so your pillow will not slip out
White shelving!!!!. I love this item!!! I have the white with pastel colors and its perfect in a little girls room. Perfect for legos, blocks, train track, and other items. Keeps every thing neat and the bins are easy to get in and out. Love the diffrent size bins. My three year old has no-problem taking them out and putting back. I was very happy with this purchase and hope to order a second in the future, maybe the one with the bookcase
Love the "lip"....wish it were taller!. "happy review warrior" obviously doesn't have children, or he/she would appreciate the "lip".This lazy susan is very well made, sturdy, and looks great on my table. My only complaint with this item, is that the lip isn't high enough. [sorry happy review warrior!]
Pretty good. I have a variety of OXO kitchen items and love them.  When I bought my T-Fal cookset, it said to use nylon utensils so the non-stick coating wouldn't get damaged.  I've used the nylon spoons and haven't had any problems.  The edges of this turner melted a bit, so I bought some of another brand.  The same thing happened.  It is a problem with all non-metal turners that I've bought, so I guess it's not a big deal as long as the melted plastic doesn't get in the food
Your cat will love this. This is a wonderful item that your cat will love. I originally purchased a thermal mat from another website (more expensive with a pattern that I didn't like). My 3 cats fought over who would get to sleep on it, so I did a search and when I found this one, I ordered one for each of them. This cat mat has been such a hit with my furfaces and is such a great deal that I just ordered 3 more, for my dad, sister and a friend to give to their cats. I've seen similar thermal cat mats for $50+. The pattern that appears on the super soft side is a dark green with subtle black leopard print and the other side is black faux-sheepskin. My cats like both sides. You can throw them in the washing machine and fur doesn't stick to the smooth patterned side, which is nice. Of all of the cat beds I have purchased, including a heated window-mounted bed that plugged into the wall, this mat is my kitties' favorite thing to sleep on
Waffle Crazy. An affordable waffle iron that does 4 at a time-- this is great.  Waffles always take a while, so its really good to make a lot at the same time.  The "belgian" claim is false, these really are regular waffles (that's actually a good thing, I find that deep belgian waffle irons require a lot of recipe tinkering, or you end up with hard, cracker-like waffles).I've made four batches, tried 4 different recipies (plain, wheat, buttermilk, pecan), and its working great.
Cute and Functional. I bought these as I was trying to find my pattern on the internet.  I love them!  They are great in the microwave and they match beautifully.  Perfect for a small dish of ice cream or peaches or to put salsa in for snacking.
Great Gift. Bought these for my Dad as he likes insulated cups that he can take all over the house. Was afraid they might be too fragile but I've had them in the dishwasher and they've been fine. One thing to note is they are hand-blown and each one is subtly but uniquely different.
Great spatulas. These are wonderful tools that feel great in your hand and wash up without stains.
Good for Bettas. During the past two years, I have used three of the internal Microfilters in 2 to 2.5 gal tanks with Bettas. In these filters, the aquarium water is sifted up through the filter and then released over the top of the open canister producing a waterfalls effect. The flow of the filter can be adjusted on some models (and I recommend the adjustable types). The filter system keeps the water clear, produces a very gentle current, and the filters are simple to change. Although they are a little large for small tanks, I prefer these filters over several other systems I have tried primarily because of the gentle current produced -- something I believe is less stressful for Bettas. I have had no problems with this product.
Snap 'em up before they're gone. Riedel has discontinued these snifters.  For Cognac (and I suppose that goes for Armagnac and other brandies), Riedel's now suggesting the &quot;Hennesy Cognac&quot; glasses, code 416/71, which look like their port glasses with flared rims.  If you love snifters and don't care if the trendy oenophiles turn up their noses, go ahead and get a case of these.  Personally, I like nothing better than to roll cognac around in a snifter after dinner. Like the other Vinum glasses, the brandy snifters are grandly scaled, wonderfully balanced and gorgeously proportioned.  None of the nose-stuck-in-the-bowl problem that you get with some snifters
I highly recommend this product, but watch out for shipping!. The couch arrived and was in amazing condition. It took me about an hour to put together the couch (horrible instructions) but i managed. The furniture itself was in flawless condition and is amazingly sturdy. It complements the room perfectly. The only concern i have is the shipping. But if you buy this, which i recommend you do, enjoy it! its comfortable
This Is Great. I love this.  It is Great.  The best Invention I ever seen.  My house is kinda cold so the water kept it to hard. so I am trying it without the water.  But it is cool.  I love it.  It came fast and had no problem.  Will be buying  some for next Christmas.
fiesta periwinkle 494 7-inch covered butter dish. I received my butter dish in a very timely fashion & very well packaged too.  The product is wonderful & it's being used on a daily basis.  I am extremely happy with the product & the shipper
Get Your Dog's Attention. We find that the audio warn function works well with our dog. We only occasionally need to send a jolt when warning fails.The only annoyance is that the collar uses those small disc batteries that are fairly expensive and only last for about 2 weeks.
Electric Fondue Pot. This item was a gift for someone else.  She is pleased with it and it worked great
Pfaltzgraff Winner. Beutiful everyday dishes that won't break your bank.  One hundred dollars bought service for 16 people.  What a great birthday presant
Bought one of these recently. Awesome device!  I bought one last night and cooked soup, then rice for the soup, then a cake.  awesome and easy.  The cake was just a mix, but it was so moist we didn't even ice it.  It didn't need it!  Great device and I would recommend it highly
Simply the best toaster I've ever used. I've had lots of toasters over the years.  This one, quite simply, is the best I've ever used.  Bagels, English muffins, bread, PopTarts, whatever.  It does a beautiful job toasting, getting the hot items out of the toaster is easy and SAFE, and the angle at which the toast comes out of the machine is very convenient.  A great machine at a great price.  You won't be disappointed.
Mikasa Italian Countryside 5-Piece Stainless Steel Flatware Set, Service for 1. Very happy with this beautiful flatware set.  I wanted to get this flatware for some time. Purchased at really great price!  Very happy with transaction.M. Mui
pleasingly graceful. No wonder Fiesta wins so many design awards.  This pitcher delighted the receiver and me as well
Victory. I turned the device onto human sound because on sub-sonic, I didn't get the satisfaction of hearing it trigger when the neighbor's two daschund dogs barked early in the morning.  The device itself on human sound was triggered by many things, air condtioner, mower, air plane, thunder, etc. which was not good in that I doubt it would serve as an effective training device. The dogs seemed to trigger it at random times.  We have large lots here in this area of NJ and I placed the device on the property border and that may have been the problem.  HOWEVER, my neighbor became so annoyed by the constant cycling on and off of the very invasive long distance tweeting noise that she begged for me to remove the device from the pole I placed on the border of my property and agreed to a more reasonable regime for dogs' outside times. She advised me that her book clubs (inside) and pool parties were interrupted and disturbed constantly.  The capitulation occurred about two weeks after installation. I would say that this device is well worth the cost for that reason alone
Miracle Blades. I own this knife set. I was learey at first wondering just how sharp these knives would be but after having them I would rate them high and tell everyone they are as sharp as they are advertised to be. It is well worth the money and would recommend them to anyone thinking of buying a good knife set
My Wife loves it. Great product.  No problems so far.  Easy to use and makes great iced tea.
All great but the handle. This pan looks great and performs great.  It's less heavy duty than All-Clad, but unless the kitchen is in the middle of a stone quarry it is plenty, plenty heavy duty enough.  And it looks great, too.  In addition to the price advantage, another lead over All-Clad is the turned lip.  One disadvantage, though, is the handle.  It's not a light pot, and when it is full it is simply heavy.  The handle is not broad/thick/shaped enough, and there is no helper handle on the opposite side.  It works, certainly, but the 2006 version could be improved.
I love this Wok!!!. I got this Wok for Christmas as a gift. It is perfect. You are able to cook just about anything on this at a high heat without worrying that the food will stick to the bottom of the pan. It is easy to clean.So far I have cooked stir fries and potatoes with chorizo.Each time the food came out perfect not undercooked or over cooked.
Tea Rose Tea Kettle. I like the shape, the quality of the product is consistent with what I expect from Pfaltzgraff.  It works well and satisfies the need I had
Great Quality. I bought them because I like them. After a year they are just better and better. House guests who stay in very good hotels think they are great too
Tumblers. These tumblers are great and reasonably priced! I checked for several other insulated tumblers by other makers and found them for 3x the cost of these. I was very pleasantly suprised at how nice these look...not cheap looking
Great One Cup Mug. My mug came quickly and was everything described.  I appreciated free filters so I could start using it right away.  I will purchase from this company again
Great product !!. The Step Savor performs excellent. I love it ! I highly recommend it
Wow- Yes, you should purchase this one!. Wow- This speaker is fantastic!!! It took a little time to get it setup but once we figured it out, it worked like one of our top quality indoor speakers!!! When I read the reviews I was hopeful but not sure. Now we love it and would recommend it to anyone!  We can use it in the font yard, down by the swings and even in the basement(Which we did for our son's pirate brithdday bash).Please don't pass this up!  If you are in the market for an outdoor speaker, this is great!  It may take a little time to set up but worth it.  Enjoy!!
Very BIG, but very useful. My only beef with these mugs is that they're so big. I own the smaller Fiestaware mugs too, and I complained about those being too small, but seriously - I wish there were a middle ground. Though I'd take 'too big' over too small any day. You can have a big cuppa tea or coffee or soup with these things. An excellent multitasker, I've even used mine to store cups of broth in the freezer. These definitely need some sort of tight-fitting lid developed for them for better storage in the fridge or freezer
Excellent. Great Product for the price.  Paid 29.99 for a king sized waterproof mattress pad.  Hard to find one for that price in the stores with such a high level of quality.  I am extremely pleased with my purchase
This is great!. I love this product.  I don't have to mess with foil on the edges of my pies anymore.  I just popped on the pie shield and the edge of my pie crusts turn out perfect even after an hour of baking!  I'm buying more today
Great Coffee Maker. I'm glad we went back to Braun for a coffee maker.  Tried a few others but they weren't as good.  Braun makes a hot, good cup of java, faster than most.  I do wish they would go back to the 12 cup pot
Cheap Entertainment. My dog loves this little thing and will even whine at the key rack begging to chase the little red dot across the ground.  She doesn't care much for the other designs, but my young son gets a kick out of them, so I guess that's something.  Not too expensive, considering
Great Product, Great price. I am a chef, and I put this baby through its paces while we were camping a few weeks ago.I raged the grill heat beyond hot, melted the knobs on my stove. This griddle held up like a champ. Made pancakes the next day on the other side. Very little blemish from the severe heat I had put to it.Clean up on the grill side? Crank up the heat all the way, than splash water and rub with a steaming rag (with tongs!).A
Makes Cats Crazy. I thought it would be impossible to make a better cat toy than the Cat Dancer until I bought the Cat Charmer for my girlfriend's cats.  This thing is like cat crack.  Her cats get so crazy playing with this thing that it's hard to tell if they love it or want to kill it.  I think it's both.  Even her big, fat, nearly 20lb cat was going nuts over this thing.It seems so simple.  It's just a fabric ribbon attached to a stick, but there's something subtle about it that makes cats lose their minds.  Sometimes they try to attack it and sometimes they just stare at it as if hypnotized.  When they try to grab it in their teeth it just slps through.  This seems to aggravate them even more.  My arm gets tired of whipping it around before they get tired of playing with it.If your cat has front claws, they could probably snag on the fabric, but I can't think of another drawback
Petmate Filters. I think these filters are great!  I've had this fountain for almost a year and have never had any problems with it.  I bought 4 replacement filters from Amazon and have used 2 (I change them about every 3 months).  My cat loves the fountain, and so do I
Good looking, strong and light. I love these glasses.  They're very thin, light weight and strong.  What more could you ask?  The only thing that surprised me was the size.  I thought they'd be bigger
Beautiful!. The plates are shiny, nice even coloring, good size, chip resistant, and beautiful.  I mixed them with red, green and yellow, and even put some bowls out for decoration.  Excellent buy
A perfect fit. This filter works perfectly with our Kenmore and saved me $15 compared to the Sears website
Please take good care of this knife. I'll try to make this really simple and not waste your time:  I will choose Global knives over Henkels, Wustoff, or any other traditional European knife.  Why?  It's lighter and stays sharper.  I always sharpen with the Global pink and yellow stones and never use it on an automatic knife sharpener nor take it to somebody else.  It's important to keep in mind that the blade is formed differently than the European knifes.  So, don't buy this knife if you're going to just grind it away on a cheap knife sharpener!  It'd be a waste of your money and you're not giving the proper care it needs.  Basically, if you take good personal care of this knife, it will treat you well for the rest of your life.
Fits in a medium grill dome. Was looking for something to fit in my medium kamodoo style bbq grill, this fit perfectly. Have used a dozen times, seems durable. Couldnt give 5 stars because meat will stick to it- more stick resistant than non-stick
Indispensable Perfection. This knife will show you how bad your current knife set really is. It is extremely sharp and holds its edge extremely well. The ten-inches give you great leverage for powering through tough vegetables like potatoes or pumpkin. It's the first tool I reach for when I need to dispatch just about any foodstuff. I can do the job in about the same time as a food processor or a food chopper, but with much more even pieces. The blade is sharp and thin enough to shave paper thin slices from just about anything
Panini Press. This press makes delicious "grilled" sandwiches in minutes and you can fit 4 regular size sandwiches and several mini sandwiches on the grill at the same time!  The only draw back is that you can not remove the press to clean it, you have to try to wash it the hard way.  All in all, we love using this panini grill and would recommend it highly!  We have had ours since June 06 and my sister-in-law has one that she has had for a while with no complaints!  By the way, Williams-Sonoma has this for under $100.00 at this time, right now showing $105.00 on Amazon
Hand Held Mixer. This item wasd received within days after I ordered it and was received in excellent shape with no damage
Handy. I haven't used this for herbs but I have used it for onions and garlic and, like the other reviewers, found it very handy for quick and tear-free mincing. It's a very simple design and holds more food than you would expect. I love that it's only 3 small parts (4 if you count the rubber blade) that all fit easily into the dishwasher (top rack).
Loved. My Samoyed loves this toy and so far hasn't managed to trash it. Yay! It's sturdy and VERY chewable
Blue Ridge Comforter Feedback. This was a HUGE deal on a king size down comforter. I have always wanted one but didn't want to spend so much for fear I wouldn't like them.  However, this one is of great quality and we LOVE it!!  Great service, great price, great product. Thanks
working like a charm. I would recommend this product. It has a large area to cook in and it cleans in a jiffy! The lid should be protected at all times from being dropped, so be careful
Best coffee maker i have owned. I consider this coffee pot to be near perfect.  It has no "auto turn on" feature, but i never use that anyway.  The only thing that takes getting used to is the way the filter holder thing opens, but it soon becomes habit.My favorite feature has to be the water filter. It really improves the coffee flavor. It's also compact. I gained a little more counter space
takes a long time to cook but cooks different varieties of rice perfectly. The heftier inner bowl of this particular model has people hunting all over the place for it when sizes smaller and larger are passed over.  The rice cooker does a fine job and replaces our humongous Panasonic 10 cupper.  This one does take forever to cook. Oh, yes:  the paddle is at the bottom underneath the packaging.  I thought I was missing it especially since I got a ripped box and ripped manual so I emailed and got replacement paddle from Sanyo before I found the original one during recycling.  Ooops!  Unlike all previous Panasonics, there is not a magnetic handle cup to place the rice paddle in.  Pity.  The Panasonic magnet won't stick on this either so I always have to have a designated place for the rice paddle.We own a rice cooker to make our daily rice because having a designated machine is less stressful.  Do you need a rice cooker?  No. Steaming rice in a pyrex bowl is certainly faster and would require leaving the burner on low to keep the rice warm until you are ready to eat it.  But there's something about compartmentalizing the rice cooking part of one's day that removes it from being a constant consideration.p.s. We usually make two cups of rice per meal and there is enough height remaining for me to place a 4-cup round pyrex bowl of some savory food to warm.Two months of daily use later, I recommend this product because the rice comes out fine but it does take 35(!!!) minutes.  If you want faster rice, then steam rice on a rack in pot.MADE IN CHINAI use this all the time.Is this frugal?  no but it is much less hassle than a pressure cooker and it has made perfect long grain, short grain and basmati rice at first goWould I have purchased this used at a cheaper price off of craigslist?  noDid I shop around for the best total price including the manufacturer's website?  yes and so should yo
Envirioncare Pre-Filter. Everything was OK.  Shipping was timely even though it was right before the holidays. Relatively easy to install; instructions were included. Had to cut filter to fit the particular model air purifier we have. To sum up-was very satisfied and would purchase again
Gonna miss sea mist. One of the criteria in this family for what color to stock up on is how it looks under Mexican food. Sea mist and rose are two of the best, so we're building up our stock before they are discontinued at the end of the year. This set is a great way to prevent public double-dipping -- just have a lot of these in the pantry so everyone can double-dip guilt free
Can't Beat The Price. A great pair of very soft, comfortable pillows at a GREAT price. Nice fabric. Even with free, Super Saver shipping, I received mine in just 2 days. Excellent service. They could be just a bit "fuller" or "thicker" in my opinion. That's the only thing that kept my rating from being 5 stars. But, again, at the price you just can't beat it. Very pleased
How Did I Live Without This?. I've had my kettle for a couple of months now, and I keep asking myself, how did I live without this?I've had other electric kettles, but none as easy to use as this. I also love the fact the the handle, fill and pouring spout are all far enough apart so that no one gets burned!This is a must have
My most used knife. I have several Shun Pro knives, and they are probably my favorites out of my (ridiculously large) collection of kitchen cutlery. This particular knife is one of the most useful of all. However, knives of this design are probably not the best choice for the "average" cook.First, recognize that this is a single-bevel knife of Japanese design. Moreover, the "flat" side is actually slightly concave. This design has advantages and disadvantages. First the advantages. It takes a very sharp edge, and the excellent, relatively hard steel holds this edge very well. The concave "back" allows the knife to pass through foods much more easily than a conventional knife.Now the disadvantages. the single bevel causes the knife to "move" toward the flat side when you are making a cut. With a little practice, you can compensate for this and produce perfect, paper-thin slices -- but it does take a bit of practice. A second disadvantage is that you should not sharpen knives of this type with typical sharpeners. The beveled side should be sharpened to 17-20 degrees, and the flat side should be finished at near 0 degrees. Unless you are experienced and equipped properly, you should have this type of knife professionally sharpened. It should not be run through an electric sharpener -- even the Chef's Choice, which works OK for conventional knives.The blade has fairly little "rocker." It is best used for slicing and chopping (as opposed to the type of rocking action you can use with a typical chef's knife).This is an absolutely wonderful piece of cutlery if you are prepared to (1) learn the characteristics of a single-bevel knife; (2) sharpen it properly
Quick and easy with little care. My favorite part about this appliance is that you have choices.  It's a toaster or an egg poacher or hard-boiled egg maker, and even a pre-cooked meat warmer.  And many of these can be done at the same time (but not all).  The beauty is that if you want toast, eggs, and meat they're all ready at the same time!Poached egg preparation is easy:  Use the supplied measuring cup to pour water into the built-in tray.  Spray the egg pan with cooking spray and crack an egg in it.  Break the yolk.  Hit the "egg" button and you're done.  You could have also added pre-cooked meat and English Muffins or bread and hit the "Toast and Egg" button instead.Downsides are minor:  The water tray gets discolored fast (I think from hard water deposits), the lines on the measuring cup are very, very hard to see (but at least the instruction booklet tells you how much water to add for each type of egg so you don't *need* the cup), and the handle of the egg tray broke after several uses.  The hard-boiled egg tray is starting to crack too.  I suspect this is due to washing them in the dishwasher instead of by hand.  The egg attachments are very, very, VERY hot, especially the see-through egg cover with a steam hole.  Be careful removing it when the egg is done.  The last problem is the the bottom of the measuring cup intentionally has a small very sharp metal point which is used to pierce raw eggs before hard boiling them (they could explode if you don't).  The metal point doesn't touch the counter when you put the cup down, but you do need to be aware of it because it's very sharp and little kids might be tempted to touch it.The toaster has an easy-to-clean crumb tray and all the buttons are on the side of the machine so you can position it against a wall instead of having it stick out towards you like a traditional toaster.Yes, I would happily recommend this to anyone!  Wash the attachments by hand, and live with the hard-water marks on the water bowl.  Find a way to re-mark the measuring cup so it's easier to see, and you have a perfect set up -- especially for the price
Very Pleased. I am very pleased with this product.  The tumblers keep your beverages colder longer, and they do not sweat and get moisture on the tables
Recall problem resolved. I talked to the manufacturer (Select Brands Inc.) about the recall and was advised that the recall problem has been correcte
Great little sweeper.... Love it! Love the fact it doesnt blow the dust and dirt back out into the air and it is lightweight
This could be the truly new Great Thing!. I love this product.  I bought 3 pieces about a month ago and it easily lives up to all its claims.  It looks good, cleans very easily, both inside and out.  The heat dispersion/distribution is incredible.  Crack an egg onto the pan and you can see how perfectly uniform it cooks immediately.  Ideal for omellettes.  The handles really do stay cool.The bottom is perfectly flat and works well both with gas and ceramic electric.Meat browns well.  Seems to do fine in the dishwasher, although the manufacturer recommends against it. In my house, pans either survive the dishwasher or die.  But frankly, it cleans so easily that the dishwasher isn't necessary.I've owned cast iron, Calphalon, Calphalon non-stick, Le Crueset non-stick, Scan Pan, and a couple of others over the years and nothing compares to this product.  No scratches or flakes.Haven't tried it in the oven yet, but can't imagine why it wouldn't work perfectly.  My only doubt is how long it will last.  (all the other above mentioned cookware worked fine at first too)I scratched up too many non-sticks over the years.  This doesn't really have a coating so that shouldn't be a problem.So far, it's been worth every penney and I will probably buy more
Excellent Value. I want to start off by saying that any review is relative to the consumers past experience.  Before getting this knife I was working from a cheap knife set so I won't profess that my opinion is going to be relevant when compared to other high quality knives.  For me the price was great and after using it I really appreciate how crappy the knives in my old set are.  It's amazing how much more enjoyable cooking is when you have quality tools.  So, if you're upgrading from a crappy set of knives you won't be disappointed.  If you already have a good set of knives and you're looking to replace one of them with this please read another review
Does what it is supposed to do, quietly & efficiently. We have only had the Delonghi TRD0715T a few weeks but so far it does its job quietly and efficiently and we are very happy with it. It should be understood that it will only warm a small area and that its heat goes up for the most part. We use it in our bathroom near the shower, programmed to come on about a half hour before we are most likely to shower and to go off about an hour and a half later. I have not heard any ticking sound from the timer
The best. I never thought I could be so enamored with a trashcan, but Oxo has really done it this time.  There are so many things that can be done with a simple stainless steel foot-operated trashcan, but Oxo got it all right.  It looks very sharp, the foot pedal works perfectly, and it has a cool bag grabber to keep the bag hidden and in place.  Well done, Oxo
Love these Ramekins!  Can't live without them!  A++++. I ordered 12 of these Corelle Abundance ramekins ~ and wondered just how much use I would get out of them.  Well, after 10 months, they are still wonderful!  I use them almost daily ~ for little snack bowls, and all kinds of neat ideas.  When we have guests over, each one gets a bowl for baked beans, and with hamburgers ~ they are perfect for mayo/mustard/pickles/relish ~ the possibilities are endless!  I've even baked little custards in them ~ and they are perfect!  Can't live without them ~ fast shipping, great price ~ A+++
Best Sharpener ever!. I've tried almost every sharpener made, from manual to electric, and none come close to the TechEdge Pro.  As soon as I received it, I sharpened all of my straight edged knifes, and the edges came out far superior than when new.  As I do the majority of the cooking, all knifes are used on a daily basis, and I have yet to have to even run one through the honer.  Great product, and I definitely recommend it to everyone who has "kitchen duty!"Cort Boy
Fun and simple bed for our toddler. We've purchased two of these beds over the past 6 months.  We left one at the grandparents house, for when we visit, and keep one at home so it's ready when we travel.  It couldn't be easier to inflate and deflate.  The fleece cover is very nice to have too.  Our 3 year old daughter had no problem sleeping on this for several nights in a row.  We let her use it at home for nap time a few times to get her "used" to it.  She loved it.  She looks forward to "sleepaways" now.
Super soup mug!. I love Fiestaware, and I enjoy the cobalt more than any other color.  These Jumbo Cups are lovely and match the rest of my cobalt Fiestaware completely.  They are large enough to hold a great amount of tea.  My only disappointment is that they come just shy of holding an entire standard can of soup.  If you do not remove about four tablespoons worth of soup before cooking in the microwave, the soup will spill.  If the cups had been just a little larger, I wouldn't have to worry about wasting soup.  Otherwise, they are fantastic
Easy and Convenient!. These are great for storage of many different types!  We use them for storing toys and hauling them upstairs.  Also convenient for use with laundry (especially kids clothes) the boxes have handles on two sides!  They fold down flat and are very very light.  Different sizes work well with different types of items or different size loads!  We love them so much we bought two sets!!Only downside is that although the fabric is quite strong and durable, I'm afraid it is a little thin.  And I think my kiddos are capable of tearing it.All in all, though, these are a VERY good buy
The Perfect Personal Blender. I had to face it that I wasn't making my protein shakes because it was way too messy having to clean up both the large mixing bowl on my blender and the smoothie glass everytime I wanted a quick fix.I also tended to make TOO much of the beverages.  With a 16oz tumbler, you get portion and calorie control on things like fruit smoothies.  I often make way too much when I use my Oster blender, and end up either throwing stuff out or taking in too many calories or too much sugar.You fill the cup with the ingredients you want.  Screw on the cap.  Pulse to break the ice, then lock it in to blend.  When the cup is removed, you unscrew the lid and can drink directly out of the cup.  You wash the cup.  Finished.Most people learn about making smoothies by watching people at juice shops make super large portions they pour into superlarge cups made in super large blenders.  No wonder we think we have to do it the same way at home.You are NOT Jamba Juice.  There are way too many calories and too much sugar in the average juice bar smoothy.Take some control over the time, effort and quality of your smoothies, protein drinks etc and buy this blender!The little cups and alternate blade have proven well mincing onions and garlic.  This little wonder also serves as a very efficient 1 or 2 cup mini food processor as well.I am impressed with some of the other products this company Tribest offers.  Their juicers are designed to squeeze juice out of fruits and vegetables efficiently and at low temperatures to preserve live enzymes for better nutrition.  The fact that HOW you juice something would matter had never occured to me.I believe there is a lot of thinking and care behind their products
The hands-down best non-stick. This heats perfectly evenly, cooks wonderfully, looks great, and I believe you could burn glue in this pan and it would wash out with cold water and a couple of swishes with a brush.The non-stick, which is not Teflon, covers the inside AND outside of the pan, except for the very bottom that sits on the heating element, so you don't have drips burning onto the side that won't come off. And absolutely nothing sticks to this stuff--I cook almost everything without oil or fats of any kind, and I have used one of these pans hundreds of times to brown onions, sear meat, melt (and burn) cheese, and even "fry" eggs with no oil. Nothing sticks, and everything rinses right off.The lids are tempered glass, with a valve under the center handle that lets you let off the steam or keep the pot sealed. The handles are very comfortable. I think the pans and the lids look terrific, even if they aren't highly polished stainless or chrome (and how long does that high polish last?).Two caveats, both of which are in the instructions: keep the heat below High (on an electric, the element should NEVER glow red), and make sure there are no traces of food on the pan before you use it again. Little smears that you don't quite see when you've just washed the pan, but you can see when it's completely dry, can cook onto surface and reduce the effectiveness of the non-stick, and can cause discoloration. And you don't need to cook over blazing burners like they do on the TV shows--I get great results at moderate heat. Besides, I don't have a crew to clean my crusty pans when I'm finished cooking like the TV chefs do.
Great for easy whipped cream!. We love our Whip-It and use it almost every day.  We keep it full of fresh cream, with some sweetener and a touch of vanilla, in the fridge so it's always ready to go.  It's great for a quick dessert of berries and whipped cream or to top of a cup of coffee.Being able to quickly make fresh whipped cream with your own choice of ingredients makes special diets like low-carb ones a lot easier to stick to
easy to use. It's handy, I can carry it to anywhere I want but the bad thing is nois
Good Balance, easy to sharpen, ugly as sin. I originally bought this knife because one of the chefs at the restaurant I work at had one. I picked it up one day and the lightness and balance blew my mind. A couple weeks later I bought my own as well as a ceramic water sharpener.I have no idea what that other guy must be doing to his knife but my blade sharpens very easily and stays sharp for months as long as you don't abuse it. By far my favorite knife that I have used.One warning though: if you are going to do a large amount of chopping (like say you're a prep cook or you make Thanksgiving-like dinners twice a month) then the angled shape of the back of the blade may rub the side of your knife-hand index finger the wrong way. I cook fairly elaborate meals almost everyday and have only been irritated by the shape a few times under heavy chopping regimes but it is something to consider.Overall I couldn't love this knife more. It's the most important kitchen tool I have ever owned
Bring Along the Bottle. My husband received a similar bag for Christmas that holds 6 bottles of beer.  We are scheduled to attend a formal event where we will need to bring 2 bottles of wine.  The black is perfect for the purpose and looks much better than a gawdy paper bag or bottle bag and we don't have to worry about the bottom falling out.  The material is sturdy and for cold wines will insulate well
We like it!. OK - it does give the toast a bit of a ride and sometimes it hits the plate when it pops up!  (It's ok- I like a bit of fun with my toast.)  But overall we are satisfied.  It toasts quickly and pretty evenly and great design counts for something too!  Wide enough for bagels, OK for smaller pieces of bread.
Great product!. Looks and works just as advertised. Took it out of the box and used it the day we received it, made for a lovely and lively family dinner. Great buy
Gave as gifts. Receiptents were happy with these. These were shipped to family members, as a gift.They were very happy with these
Great. Great quality and a useful little gadget for everything from drink mixing to baking
perfect for work. I work in an industrial shop, and this is the perfect cup for me. I would highly recomend it to anyone. The only bad thing I have found is that it dents real easy, but I guess that has a lot to do with where i work. It cleans up extremely easy also
One of the smartest inventions ever. I was always annoyed by having to keep tugging the shower curtain little by little over the rod to open or close it. It also seemed like I had to replace my shower curtain hangers frequently for one reason or another.This is a great invention because it makes the curtain slide along the rod with one easy pull, and these clips don't wear out or break. I've had mine for maybe 8 years.A huge plus is that a vinyl shower curtain lasts much longer when used with these clips because you don't pull on it with so much force or keep tugging at it. (I also only buy vinyl shower curtains with the metal grommets, so that helps, too.)
Good but not perfect. I like the style, weight and size of this set, but I'm not sure how it is going to hold up in the dishwasher. I've had it about a month and am starting to see some rust like spots on some of the pieces like have been mentioned in other reviews. We'll see if they get worse.
Breadman bread maker. The product is fine.  The supplier I will never do business with again.I found out that the bread maker had been duplicated (Christmas gift) and sent an e-mail requesting information about returning it the first week of December and did not get a reply until the week after Christmas.  This is the poorest example of customer service I have ever encountered
a dip in quality?. There aren't any wine glasses out there that I prefer over the Riedel Vinum series (except the Sommelier of course).  I do have one observation though, and this is why I didn't give this glass a 5 star rating:  the Vinums that I've purchased in the past 5 months don't seem to be up to the same quality standards of the Vinums I purchased a year ago.  The &quot;older&quot; Vinum, which has the logo etched in the base, has a better/cleaner cut rim and the bowl seems to be thinner - making the entire glass look, feel and sound more elegant.  The &quot;new&quot; Vinum, which has the logo and &quot;riedel&quot; name etched in the base, has a lip which looks slightly rounded in a side-by-side comparison with the &quot;older&quot; glass and the bowl/glass itself seems thicker.  Maybe Riedel made some changes to improve durability, but I like my old Riedels better.  All in all, as I said at the beginning of this review, there is nothing better out there than the Riedel Vinum series (as long as you don't pay full retail)...
Way better grinder than what's been written. I've had nothing but good from this grinder and would recommend it. I AM drinking more coffee because it produces such a fine smooth cup. I shake it around as it hums and tap it out into my Bodum French Press and, man, what a good cup of coffee. It has made me move up the coffee bean path (via Whole Foods) from my good old family standard. Ethiopian beans, fresh ground with this machine, fresh shaked into the press and zapp! I'm awake to sip and enjoy my morning. It's been the good machine you'd expect from Bodum and presents a pleasant experience. I fresh grind all my coffee now
WILL FIT 18.5 in WIDTH. I purchased my ironing board from COSTCO. "Rowenta" was embrossed on the steel but no model number could be found. The width (18.5") was .5" more than models the ZD4430 is designed to fit so I was a little nervous ordering it. The cover arrived so fast I couldn't believe it and no problem covering the extra width. Before ordering, I checked out several after market covers which would not fit or looked sloppy. I recommend staying with Rowenta brand name for replacements
Great!. I have the other tri ply cookware, but wanted a non-stick version pan that was in the tri ply line.  I love it!  Go with the 12 inch if you are only going to get one non-stick pan as it will cover all your needs.  Easy to clean and I love that it matches the tri-ply stainless pans I have- so they can all hang from the pot rack
Replaced broken original. Used the original for 2 years and broke the carafe in sink.Ordered this replacement.It was perfect.Good price, good delivery, product as promised.
Great Gate. I am very pleased with this gate. Easy to assemble, easy to move and looks great. I have received several compliments on how nice the gate looks. The gate is low so it may not work for a large dog, but it's perfect for my dog and I love the fact that I can step over the top with out moving it.
Quite a few small toys. Read the ad carefully - Don't be confused by the various pictures.  This particular item is a set of toys only.  The playstation itself is not included.  But I expected the toys only.  And they are small in order to be used with the playstation.  I was very satisfied with this little collection.
Best Gate Available. Between basset hounds and babies we have had too many pet/baby gates to count.  Not only was this gate easy to install, but it is also incredibly sturdy.  This gate has been working marvelously for over a year and we are now replacing all of our pet gates with this model.  This is definitely the gate to have
It looks wonderful on the Kitchen table. We use this to serve ice water at meals.  It is so beautiful.  It holds a full 2 qts.  Not much else to say about it.  It is a water pitcher after all.  It is a pretty piece that just looks great on the table. We have two, one for each end of the table
LOVE THIS DOUBLE BOILER. I recently purchased this double boiler and I am very happy with it.  It is a good quality stainless and that is important.  I love the "vintage" style, it is a satin finish and has an interesting shape, much like one that Grandma had many years ago.  The boiler insert is 6" deep, not counting the lid, and perfect for making frosting, candy, custard, anything that requires gentle cooking.
Great product!!. Did a search for this type shelf when we purchased an odd sized TV, had gotten one years ago for a different set...it came promptly  was as good as ever, a great little product for holding a cable box and dvd/vcr when you don't have a place to put these items next to the TV...you can really adjust it to fit any set....Will probably get another..
Accidentaly gave it four stars but now can't change to five!!!!. I bought this for my vacation home, then I bought one for my apartment. I love everything about it.  I like the way you can fill it easy and it boils pretty fast. It also seems very safe. I do wish they would make a version with a whistle though I am developing the habit of hearing the subtle click when my water is boiled. I would ignore the reviewer who talks about the plastic. It is one of my concerns as well but the plastic is negligalbe here and, I am sure, quite harmless.
Breathtakingly beautiful!. If you love fine china and you are a Teacup collector, this set is worth the investment of $20.  It's beautiful!  The pictures just DO NOT do it justice!  I will definitely be back to purchase other sets from Royal Albert
Fiestaware 44 oz teapot persimmon. I love my teapot it pours beautifully. And the shape is wonderful! It is one of the best teapots I have ever owned
Great, but use it in the way that it was intended!. For those of you with new puppies and those looking for a long-term everyday solution- this is not the crate for you.  BUT, this crate wasn't designed to withstand rambunctious puppies or every day use.  This crate, however, is wonderful as it was intended to be- a portable (hence Home N Go) crate that you can set up and take down quickly.  Since it was the largest small crate I could fit into my car at the time, I carried my big cocker down flights of stairs after reinforcing the bottom with duct tape and holding the bottom as I went.  My crate has held up under conditions WAY beyond what it was supposed to.  This is also a great crate, if you want something that folds up, is light and easy to set up.  For example if I take my cocker to a dog show, it's perfect for that.  NO soft-side crate is good for a puppy- stick with hard plastic or wire.  The Home 'N Go is also great if I need to crate my cocker short-term while I work with my border collie.  (My BC puppy has a wire pen and a hard plastic crate).So, like most anything, if you use the product in the way it was intended, it works well.  I wouldn't mind a little sturdier mesh either, and though I've had no problem with my zippers, I hope that all continue to hold up
best slushie maker ever. this thing rocks,if you get it youll have tons of slushie fun and lots o' brain freeze
I love, love, love this skillet!!. First of all, let me say I agree with the reviewer who deducted stars from the 9" skillet due to the non-stick coating.  Since non-stick coatings are chemicals, I refuse to use any cooking utensil with the coating on them.  The original, baked enamel finish on this skillet works great.  The secret is using moderate heat and adding oil once the pan warms up, then adding the food items.  If the meat sticks, it will unstick as it carmelizes (this also applies to their grilling skillets).  I find that I can just wipe mine out and keep using it until I make chili or something messy like that.  Then all I do is fill the skillet with water and let it sit a while, then it rinses clean.  At the maximum, I've taken a boar bristle brush to a couple of spots once or twice, that's all.I beseech this company to leave the non-stick coating off their skillets even though one reviewer below seems to prefer it.  Or at the minimum give the consumer a choice but I'd bet most would prefer the original, satin finish.  In fact, I bought this skillet because of the fired enamel finish as I discovered my well-known name brand stainless steel skillet and stew/pasta pot has too much nickel in them so I can't use them.  Anyway, I love this skillet.  It makes a good wok too as the burner is under the center of the pan.  I can fry up one veggie, push it off to the side where it stays warm while I fry the next one, then push it over until I'm finished.  Did I say I loved this skillet?I wish they made a lid for this skillet as I had to buy another brand which doesn't match but it works.  Since most skillets come without lids, this is being silly, I agree.  So then, I highly recommend this skillet both for cooking and for easy clean-up
Vacuum Sucks Big Time. This vacuumn has incredible sucking power. It's incredible. Our down comforter had a small leak and needless to say, there were feathers everywhere!!! This vacuum sucked up all the tiny little feathers. I thought the feathers would clog it up and it would stop functioning. But, all the feathers were picked up and the apt is now feather-free and the vacuum is still working very well.I also really like that it works on all different types of rugs...high pile rugs, low pile, and the hard wood floors.One thing that I don't like about it is that it is quite heavy
Excellent Buy. The cooker/steamer arrived ahead of schedule and I have used it twice deep frying foods and have no complaints.  I recommend it to anyone looking for a great deep fryer
I own one for 5 years. For the last 5 years I have been making 3 to 4 espressos a day with it. I never had a problem!It works great, it's expensive but it's beautiful and worth the price.I recommend Lavazza espresso pods, they make an excellent crema (the yellow foam) and no mess. Starbucks pods taste strong and slightly burn, Lavazza tastes like coffee made in an italian coffee shop or a little bistro in Paris. If you can afford it, go for it! - also check out their cups (FrancisFrancis), they are beautiful, original and perfect for espressos
its a lamp timer. Its a lamp timer....not much to say. It does the job. No complaints. Price was righ
Great Sheets!!!. I bought these sheets as a present for my mom. She absolutely loved them! She called me to ask where I got them, because she wanted more. She was amazed at the price. She said these were the best sheets she's had. They wash good and feel great! I think I'll be buying them for myself now
Graniteware Roaster. I gave it as a gift, she loved it since the granite roaster she had for over 20 years had gotten a small hole in the bottom from so much use.
Great towels. I bought 4 sets of these towels altogether - 2 in blue for guest bath and 2 in black for master bath.  Love the feel and weight.  Nothing skimpy here
Colorful pieces that remain colorful. I own most items of the Santa Fe Collection. I use them everyday, put them in the dishwasher, top drawer, and never had a problem with fading colors...
Excellent Product and really worth it. We've had cheaper vacuums in the past and we ended up spending more than 300 bucks on 3 different vacuums over the past 4 years. We bought a house this winter (yes, we were renting till then!) and decided to get ourselves a better vacuum cleaner. We got ourselves a Roomba IRobot Discovery Scheduler with Intellibin but we returned it after our first use. It just didnt work effectively.And then we got this vacuum - the Bissel 5770 - and what an awesome job it did. It sucked the life out of the carpet, tiles and everything we got it to run on. Some folks are saying that this vacuum has an awkward positioning for the ON/OFF switch but I dont really care (although you can be a little more careful). This vacuum rocks and we are proud of our purchase. Easy to work with and very efficien
Extraordinary. This is an extraordinary knife. It is classy and it cuts perfectly. It is worth the money for a knife you'll have for a lifetime
columbia heavy weight towels. Awesome.super absorbant.just what i wanted. i would definately purchace this product again
Pleasant surprise!. The wood keeps the salt from clumping! Probably will get another! Looks very nice on the prep area of my kitchen
PERFECT. This is exactly what I wanted!  Fits in a shirt size area of a closet.  Love that it slides over the pole like that.  And the price is pretty good too, although it looks like it went up a couple dollars since I bought it about 2 months ago
This Thing is Suck-tacular - Worth Every Penny. All kidding aside, this thing is amazing.  Some friends had purchased one and I asked how they liked it and then started researching.  My mother actually got this one for us and at first I was thinking "Well, it's not the Ball" but who needs the ball - aside from being a foxy shade of red, the DC 14 Low Reach is AMAZING!!! The spouse and I were literally disgusted by what came out of the carpet (we have two dogs) and amazed by how they looked afterward - soft and like new carpet!  And you don't smell a thing, and it's so easy to empty the canister, you don't breathe anything back up IMHO.  Now my mom and aunt both want one after seeing everything the Dyson pulled up.  It is worth the price, but we got ours off Ebay for around 350.  It was a refurb, but still has a warranty and was beautiful. Worth every penny!!!
Unbelievable!. When I first actually got it... I was uncomfortable with my tank!   But, when you plug it in and see the wonderful performance, you cannot ask for anything better.   I love this one.  I have had the Solis Maestro Plus and this beats it beyond belief.  No dust residue, quiet, great grind, adjustable for espresso... and built like a tank.  Kitchen Aid hit a home-run on this one.  I think you can pass this on from family member to family member.  You will see this on e-bay in 2050 for top dollar.   It is a keeper
Plain and simple. I only ordered these because they were only $9.99 for the whole set.I don't think they are nice enough to serve to your guests but I'd use them on the weekend when I have brunch with my husband
Dissapointed. I think this item is a great buy.  Well designed and very functional although I use it for my DVD's instead of CD's.  However, my DVD collection has extended beyond the capacity for one tower so I'm seeking to buy another but I wanted another dark walnut tower since the rest of my book shelves and my DVD tower I've gotten from Amazon are also in this color. Is there any way of finding this item in dark walnut
Great value, but durable and quality performer. Like many others who bought this item, I was initially interested in a Le Creuset dutch oven, but was turned off by the price.  I purchased this item several months ago, and with the $25 rebate on an already low price of $130 and free super saver shipping, it was a steal.I have been impressed with the quality of the pot and lid.  The enamel finish has been durable so far, and extremely easy to clean.  The basting spikes and attractive handle on the lid are nice touches.
Coffee Grinder. Was considering a much more expensive model...glad I didn't. Good quality...a retractable cord would be a nice addition
works great!. I've used this almost daily since I've gotten it!  My cookie sheets are all getting old and marked up from being used for pizza, fish, drip pans... or whatever else we need at that moment.  This baking mat bakes wonderfully... everything just pops off easily and it makes clean up a snap!!!  I would highly recommend this to anyone!!!
good product. Even if I had bad comments (it breaks often), I take care and it works
Tender and Moist. I have fallen in love with my cast iron cookware!  If you can handle the weight of the units, the results are worth the excercise. I have cooked my family's pot roast and stew recipes with outstanding results. The meat has been more tender and juicy than when cooked in my non-stick sets.  Clean up was a breeze.  The weight is considerable and the side handles could be larger.  Those are the only reasons I did not award five stars.  Make sure to buy the enameled pot(not the plain cast iron)for ease of cleaning and non seasoning need.  When ordering, buy some silicone utensils so as to not chip the enamel. I have found the silicone pot holders easy to use also. The 7 quart is extremely large and perfect for larger meals.  I also bought the Mario Battaglia 6 quart enameled pot which is equal in cooking results to the Lodge
mobility perfect. Exactly what I wanted and needed for my nutrition supplements. easy to use, compact, not messy, secure lid to take into car, cleans up in a flash, I bought two, one for home and one for work. I did the rtesearch...Ham Beach is the best!
Awesome Organizer. I purchased two of the white with pastel bins for my girls. Ages 7 and three. They share a room and this gave them each their own &amp;quot;space&amp;quot; to put their own toys and keep them seperate. It also helped me because they could just throw them in the bins to clean up! One of them had a wrong piece but I was able to take it to Target and they gave me a unit from their shelf. I have had them for almost two years and they are still going strong! I have heavy books on the top bins in both units
CUISINART HAND MIXER. I AM VERY SATISFIED WITH MY CUISINART CHM-3 ELECTRONIC HAND MIXER.SO FAR, IT HAS PLOWED THROUGH THE TOUGHEST COOKIE DOUGHS, AND ISVERY EASY TO USE
Pet Gear "Home 'N Go" Soft Sided Pet Crate- extra small. WONDERFUL CRATE! I had already bought the same crate in thenext size up. I needed the smaller size for use in the backseatof our truck and for use in our truck camper. Our 7 lb. poodlegoes into both crates by himself and is very happy to have theselittle "havens" of his own. I love the fold-down convenience andchoice of 3 openings to access the crate. These portable cratesare not designed for "chewers & diggers". Our little guy is socomfy at home (with the larger one) and on the road (with thenew smaller size). He has slept in the larger one each night foralmost a year --being zipped in. The zipper is fine & has heldup beautifully. Love the pouch sewn on top for keeping items, &the carry around bag with a handle that doubles as a leash isgreat. Highly recommend for adult dogs. Totally happy with BOTHcrates
WOW!! Amazing Peeler!. I purchased this for my husband (he's seen an ad for it and mentioned it) and it's wonderful! Easy to use, super sharp and it really cuts down on peeling time. We use it mostly for potatoes and it just couldn't be easier. It's so tiny, you wouldn't think it would work well... but it fits your hand perfectly, is lightweight and so much better than traditional peelers. Oh yeah, it has a nice safety strip you can replace when you store it in your drawer... no accidental cuttings that way
I use this one allot!!!. All your wooden spoons I bought are of excellent quality, well-rugged construction with a good feel to them when using in the kitchen.  I use this one a allot!  Gread find for the price!  Keep up the good work Amazon
Nice little machine. I received this machine (non-refurb) as a gift for my birthday.  I finally starting using it about a month ago and I am rather happy with the machine.  It quickly makes good coffee and is easy to take care of.Like other reviewers have noted, if you pop open the top lid of the machine after it's done brewing, but still hot, you'll occasionally get a blast of steam out of it.  Although the noise suprised me, it hasn't burned me yet....I usually only make one cup of coffee at a time, but when I did make two at a time, I didn't notice any odd distribution between the two cups.Speaking of the cups/mugs, they are of good quality and seem to clean out easily.  My cuisinart mug is sitting on my desk next to me as a I type this
My wife loves the Henckels Pro S 7 piece set. I recently purchased a Henckels Pro S 7 piece knife set for my wife on her birthday.  It has proved to be an absolute winner!  All of the reviews I read about the product has been right-on.  The knives do their job the way they have been advertised to do.  I am extremely happy with this purchase
Good Product. Es un producto muy practico y de buen tamao, slo que sera excelente si fuese de acero inoxidable.
Translucent Pot Holder. Very satisfying purchase.  The product is of high quality and has all the most functional features.  It is comfortable and flexible and cool to the touch.  I am very happy with this purchase.  The inventing mind was right on the dot.  Thank You..
Better Than Anticipated. I thought, 5 towels for 10 bucks? How nice could they be?Well, surprisingly enough, quite nice. They are high quality and oversized. Unlike many kitchen towels that shrink down to the size of a postage stamp once washed, these did not shrink much.Be sure to take them out of the dryer immediately to avoid excessive wrinkling, but that would be true of any linen.I have been using them about 3 months now and the colors are holding up well and I find myself reaching for them first before my other towels, so I'm going to buy another set now.
Best peeler I've ever had!. This peeler works great! I really do not like to peel fruits and veggies, but with this I actually don't mind. Definately owns up to the KitchenAid repuation, which lately is unlikely. It seems many of the KitchenAid stuff I've stocked my kitchen with performs mediocre at best. This one is an exception, and IS exceptional.
Alternative Comforter. Quality, price and service.....can't be beat! If I need another, will buy again from Amazon.  Thank you for being there
coffee maker. If anyone had suggested that I would spend that much money on a coffee maker, Iwould have laughed.  Once you use this machine, it is no longer necessary to spend money for coffee at any of the national chains.  It is quick, convenient, easy to operate, and makes an excellent cup of coffee.
If color matters...... My dog really loves this bed & I really like the idea of a 'cool side' & a 'warm side'. However, the color is not what I would call 'moss' (brownish-green), but 'teal' (blueish-green). Just FYI!No complaints about the quality, tho
Great Looking. I love this dresser, my husband and I put it together in about 90 minutes and it looks great.  I didn't encounter any problems with the knobs or the drawers, everything works great.  I think that this is one of the easiest pieces that we have ever put together; it was very organized and well packaged
Great product. I love Le Creuset!  I have the 2 quart and 6 quart size French Ovens, so decided to splurge on the 3 1/2 quart size.  Although they are expensive, they are well worth the money
Excellent Product for keeping Wine fresher... This product is well made and easy to use.  The pump makes a "clicking" sound when the vacuum seal has reached it's maximum.  I have found that you still have to refrigerate your wine for best results and that this product will not  eliminate the need to keep your opened wine chilled.This product will extend the life of your wine's, however not indefinitely.  It is designed to extend the freshness of the wine, not prolong it forever!For the money - this product delivers!  Made well and built to last.
niCe. Same ones or very similar at WAL Mart for 9.95.  These look very nice along with the chrome cresent shapped shower rod and white rice paper shower curtian
It sure does work!  It'll work on you too if you forget about it!. Both my wife and I have been zapped by it on accident, when we forget it is somewhere and come across it.  It's more of a psychological shock than an electric one, just scares the hades out of you if you're not expecting it.  Im sure the cats feel the same way!
Great waffles, given patience with heating. After reading reviews on Amazon, I decided to give this wafflemaker a try, as it looked better than anything I could find in a retail environment, for the money.  Overall, I believe it is a quality product that ultimately produces really good waffles.  I was disappointed with the first couple times I used it, as the waffles were not getting nearly brown enough on the darkest setting.  However, I have found that if I let it heat well beyond when the ready light goes on, the waffles brown nicely.
Woot. I got these on sale last week from Amazon at $165 bucks.  Totally worth it.  They are nice and heavy, heat evenly and the non-stick is amazing.  You can put them in the dishwasher but it makes the outside of the pan turn a chalky dappled grey color.  You really should hand wash them unless you don't give a crap how the outside looks.The metal and glass lids can get hot while cooking but that's why they make over mitts but the great thing is, since these pans do not have the rubber coated saftey handles you can transfer from stove top to oven for a broil without having to worry about ruining your handles [like the old Revere Ware]
Awesome Pan. I was getting sick of teflon pans coming apart.  Scrape them with metal and they peal apart. This pan is great. It's very light, strong, and great all around.  A great buy!
nice towel, sheds a lot. These towels are fine but I had red fuzz in the bathroom for about 3 weeks after I started using them. That's starting get better. I really needed towels anyway.
Sturdy, simple and portable. This is a rather simple storage unit that readily fit on our pantry shelf.  The support prongs are long enough that I imagine it would readily work with most thicknesses of shelves.  The unit performed as advertised.  It is solid and won't bend when loaded.  I was impressed that it didn't "move around" when items are taken from it.  The only downside is that it is rather small for the intended purpose - one can only expect to store 3 or 4 rolls of Saran wrap, foil, etc.  I think most folks would prefer this unit to be about 4 inches wider.  Would I buy it again - yes
Quirky but does the job. For the price am not too surprised at the quirkiness of this machine. As others have mentioned, there is a tendency for it to push out a lot of water at one time and to not do a great job at sucking it back up. This being said, however, I've developed a few tricks to minimize these issues.1)Getting the right angle of the handle takes a while but once I get into a groove, I find that holding the handle at certain angles helps the suction problem.2) If a lot of water comes out at once then I just push that around instead of trying to keep just one small part of my floor wet at one time. It's from the clean water tank so I don't feel like I'm just pushing around dirty water. And then with the handle trick I'm able to suction up the water over the larger area at a fairly quick clip.3) If I don't have the patience or time for dealing with the larger than desired volume of water I just fill the clean water tank half way from the get go and this seems to prevent the problem.4) I do use Murphy's oil soap for my wood floors. Here, the trick is to use a fraction of the amount required of the Bissell recommended cleaner. I use maybe a quarter of the amount if I'm using Murphy's with the full tank of water. And I'll use an even smaller amount if I'm using a less than full tank of water. Do not use too much Murphy's; it is an oil SOAP and too much causes the dirty water tank to fill and overflow with bubbles (yes, I've learned this from experience).Despite the quirks, my wood floors do look great after I use this machine and for the price I'm not sure I could expect a quirk-free machine. If I had the space I'd buy a heavier duty and more costly machine, but for my 790 sq ft apartment with mostly wood flooring this is ok.
It's extremely useful. I have really messy children. At the begining i thought about renting a carpet cleaner cause my carpets became very dirty & i thought that nothing will clean them exept a commercial carpet cleaner but when i decided to start poty training them i found that i have to own one at home.It's really great, it cleaned my carpets, It's easy to use & it's light.I use it all the time for the usual old accidents & the new potty ones
great for leveling soft sided cakes. This leveler worked great but only on cakes that have soft (not crusty) sides.  Since the cutting &quot;blade&quot; is only a wire, cutting through anything too hard or crumbly is difficult.  It would be nicer if instead of a wire it had a serrated blade.  But if you do have a crusty cake, you can simply wrap the cake in plastic wrap and let it sit a day.  This will soften the sides so that this leveler will still work.  Also, keep in mind this leveler is only 10 inches wide and 2 inches high, so you may get into trouble with larger cakes.  It works great for torting a cake and getting those really thin layers.  It sure is a lot easier than using a knife
Nappa-lishious!. This is a great window perch. Don't pay full price for it, but at just over $20 it's a good buy. Very easy assembly, no holes in the walls or sill required. Very stable. My cat loves it, massaging it with his paws sometimes. He jumps up on it from the floor, no problem. I like that it's not sticking out into the room to far, but because it's wide kittie has space to stretch out and lounge. I can definitely recommend it. In fact, I'm ordering a second one and just regret that I didn't get two right away
Excellent Value. Pans are great.  Amazon ordering/shipping is always a snap.  I got a great deal
What a deal!!!. I bought these for Christmas presents for a few people - and they LOVED them!  They were an incredible deal, warm, and appropriately sized.  They were so great that now I want to go back to get some for myself.  Colors were great too
Great Product - Confusing Models and Descriptions However. Both Eureka and Amazon need to do a much better job of describing and clarifying the differences in models in "The Boss - Mighty Mite" canister vacuum series.Don't make the mistake that I almost did of buying the wrong model of this vacuum. There is also a 3670G model on Amazon (as of this writing) which is identical to this one but contains a 12 amp motor (versus only 9 amps for this one). For only about $5-$10 more in price, you get a more powerful vacuum with the 3670G. I'm glad I discovered the difference in time to get that one (which is a great machine!) instead of this less powerful model (which apparently also goes by the name of 3670A).This one may be great for those who don't need the extra power however and prefer the less expensive price instead. The price difference between the two models is so small however that I'm not sure why this smaller one is even offered. All other features of the two are identical. My review of 4 stars applies to the 3670G instead of this model and the only reason it is 4 stars instead of 5 is that I feel that the attachments should include a 4-5 " wide accessory brush instead of just the 2-3" combination tool, crevice tool and 10" floor tool currently included. The vacuum is an outstanding value in all other regards.
A Real Eye Catcher!. I have owned this tea kettle for about 10 years.  Not only is it fully functional as staple in my kitchen, it's adorable.  Everyone who enjoys tea at my house comments on it.  It is very durable, heavily constructed, and uniquely designed by Michael Graves.  And of course, it "whistles".  This is one tea kettle that you'll never have to replace; you won't be disappointed.  It looks as good today as the day I opened the box.  It's definitely a 5-star item.
excellent. The litter locker is great. After running out of refills, I could really notice when going back to the old method (scooping into a small aluminum trashcan for a day or two before taking it out). I have not been able to find the refills in stores, but they seem to be cheaper on Amazon anyway, so when I run out I will just buy enough to get super-saver shipping and stock up.One warning (and the reason for minus-one-star): After I ran out of refills I left the locker full (you really can't smell it) until the refills arrived. But after a few days I started to notice a smell, so I opened it up to check it out. Not sure if it was because I let it fill up too much before emptying, but somehow the bag had managed to rip/break so the dirty litter was all over the bottom of the locker. ick. I will try to me more cautious about not letting it get over-full in the future. Also, note that the black line on teh refills means you're about to run out
Love the Vac - Hate the Floor Attachment. Love this vac.  Good suction.  Cleaning the filter is not really a problem; I had used a friend's older version so knew what to expect.HOWEVER, I did not expect the little, beater-brush attachment.  Completely useless!!!!!!!!!  Looking for a replacement - the regular, flat floor attachment was what I expected and desired
The first pair of scissors you'll reach for. Have had these marvelous scissors for several years now and find they're the first I reach for in the kitchen.  The blades are sharp but thin so they can get into odd places.  I find them particularly useful for everything from mincing parsley to opening that horrible hard plastic packaging that all the manufacturers love.  The red handles also make them easy to spot in a drawer.  They're lightweight enough to use even for extended periods while their handles are comfortable enough to never produce blisters.  Highly recommende
I cook fer a livin' and... We bought 20 of these li'l darlins for the saute' line at work and procceded to attempt their destruction and rapid demise...to no avail. They do a great job on our 500 degree flat top and over our ring burners as well. We cook quickly and efficiently so perhaps our style helps us avoid the previously mentioned problems...(for omlettes/frittatas we do use the 8&quot; non stick version). Crepes...no problem. The adonized finish has held up well after 6 months and hundreds of trips through our commercial dishmachine...don't try that at home...it voids the warranty.We like 'em!!!caveat...the stainless or MC2 line would have better suited our needs in the potsink as these don't like to be scrubbed with steel scrubbies...hence 4 mojo*z instead of
Works well. I've never had problems getting this can opener to work right, and use it quite often.  The blade is removable to wash, but they made it really tough to remove (I suppose that's better than it falling off way to easily, but it's complicated enough that I do it very infrequently because of the hassle)
Best  idea ever!. I have a cat that likes to drink from a running faucet. It makes washing dishes and brushing your teeth a hassle because you're always fighting with the cat for the sink. Now he has his very own "running faucet" 24/7. He loves it, I love it, and life is good again. The resevoir keeps his fountain flowing faster and fuller. If you have a Drinkwell, get a reservoir
Quiet & Reliable. Use this fan / heater 3 to 5 hours daily for an approx 475 sq foot area. It works awesome quiet and hassle free
Works well after repair. I like this winged corkscrew but I had to repair the plastic once when the cap near the wings busted off. Superglue did the job, and I haven't had trouble since
Great deal on a LARGE bag for artificial tree storage. The box that my tree came in was falling apart so I needed a new way to store it for the next season.  I originally saw a christmas tree storage bag on another website and I think it was advertised for $15, but when I went back to get it it was gone (thank goodness) and I searched on Amazon and ended up finding this bag at a much better price.  The bag is huge.  My tree is only 7 feet tall and there is a ton of room left over in the bag.  Not to mention the handles on the bag make it super easy to move around.  I am a small woman 5' 4", and I had no problem picking up the bag to move it to storage, when usually I have to have my husband do all that.  I would definitley get this bag if you are looking for one
Great gift for popcorn lovers. Purchased machine for my brothers family. Easy to set up, use and clean.  If you use it as intended( not intended for hours of continuous popping day after day ) and clean out the kettle regularly you should have no problem
Anthony Bourdain should get a commission. I never forgot that he mentioned this knife brand as a more affordable alternative  in Kitchen Confidential.  It's still pretty expensive for me but it is the sharpest knife I own and now I can slice ginger thinly so soup making has been a much better experience for me.  I like that is is one piece of metal. It's not slippery when wet.  I've sliced frozen fish and meat as well as veggies and scallions. This was a positive experience although I still feel like a traitor to frugality for buying it.  I really enjoy this knife although I've gotten some pretty bad cuts.  I was finally compelled to buy this after success with the recipes in Fuzzy Dunlop's Sichuan cookbook.  This price wasn't quite as high as other styles and it was less than ten dollars more than the next smaller size so I thought this one would be good value.  It IS so good that it motivated me to buy more cutting boards.  This knife IS the only one I reach for and it has made food prep and the cooking experience much easier, less stressful.
Circulol Steel 10 Piece cookware set review. Excellent item at a fantastic price!  Holds up well, wonderful to cook in and when you wash it it dries nice, without spots.  Highly reccommended cookware.  The helping hand on the frying pan is the 'icing on the cake'
So much fun!  Keeps my dog out of my hair!. I swear, when I give this toy to my dog it actually keeps him occupied and I can eat without him coming up to the table.  I just put ten treats in and that keeps him busy for at least 1/2 hr. My dog destroys every toy but hasn't made a dent in this one.  Totally recommend it
THE BEST!!. i bought this video center for my son for christmas as well a ps2 to store and at first i did not think that it would fit in the drawer part but it did but the ps2 games do not fit on the top left and right slots because of the length of the games however they do fit on the sides where you would put the vhs tapes and that is where my son has added his games so you would have to be a little creative with it. i had seen a review where a lady had bought this item for her son and she was very disappointed once she could not place the games in the slots and stated not to purchase. everyone out there! do not listen to that its a must have and it does help with organizing your room area! and the price at the time during the holiday season i could not resist for $71.99 plus free shipping! WOW!
I love this colander!. When I first opened the box and saw this colander, I thought I maybe should have ordered a larger size since it looks deceptively small.  However, I quickly found out that this colander is able to hold quite alot!  The larger holes also mean better draining.  The smaller size of this colander compared to others I've had actually works to it's advantage - it's easier to find room in the dishwasher for it and it fit's under my kitchen faucet better.  Also, I just like the look of it.  Very well made and worth the money
Excellent. The sheets were a great buy.  The sheets fit the bed nicely.  I find them a pleasure to sleep on.
A Must Buy. Being of an Italian family the Pizzelle Cookie was a big treat.Mom only made them at Christmas and on a iron Pizzelle maker. It is one heavy cookie maker. You could only use it on a gas stove.Well, I have an electric stove and wanted to make these cookies.  I have been searching so very long for one. I saw this on Amazon & bought it.I LOVE IT.The cookie will not stick to it, and it's very fast.I would not use the recipe's that come with it.  I will next year use Mom's cookie recipe.The recipe with in the booklet is too sticky.Oh yes please, if you love the flavor of anise, use ANISE OIL, "NOT extract,". It will give the cookie a much better flavor.The VillaWare Prima Pizzelle Maker V5000-NS is an excellent buy.It is  Primo in deed.
Confessions of a pot-destroyer. I destroy cooking pots.  I'm especially lethal to the light-weight teflon lined variety you'll find at the supermarket.  My secret is simple:  I like to cook on high heat and I get easily distracted.  That guarantees that I'll forget what's on the stove and produce a scorched (and warped) utensil.  If a lightweight teflon pot lasts me two years, it's extraordinarily lucky.I now own four (different) Swiss Diamond pots.  And even my brutal habits leave them unimpressed.  Despite regular disasters, they seem to shrug off what would vanquish a lesser pot.  (Admittedly, I do avoid metal spoons and spatulas and clean them with non-abrasive means.)  They have excellent non-stick characteristics, superb heat-spreading, and -- love it -- are approved for very hot oven use.  Adding up to ESSENTIAL cooking tools!And when you factor the price of regularly replacing "cheaper" pots, their cost becomes more than bearable.HIGHLY recommended
I don't dare approach meat without it!. Like another reviewer, Alton Brown first turned me on to oven probe thermometers, and I picked this one up one day as per his recommendation.Now I won't cook meat without it - when it comes to baking chicken breast, broiling fish, or grilling outside on the patio, this thing is a lifesaver. I am not advanced enough in the meat department to tell when meat is done just by poking it, so this leaves the guessing out. My husband likes his steak rare and I like mine medium and this makes things very easy for us when we cook.Highly recommended to any meat lover
GREAT little blender. This little guy is easy to use, easy to clean, and very powerful. Uses very little space on the countertop. If you have a fridge that can dispense chopped ice, use that in the blender--it'll be easier on it. If not, don't fill your mixing cup with cubes of ice. I chipped the base of the mixing blade doing that and had to get a replacement. Besides, the blender adds so much volume to your smoothie that you don't need much ice, anyway. I've had it for over a year, and I don't go a day without using it. Cleanup is SO SO VERY EASY!!! I'm very happy with this blender.
Accurate, with Small Problems. I calibrated the outside sensor using the supplied probe in a container of ice and water.  It appeared to be accurate within a degree.  The default channel 1 interfered with cordless phones; resetting it to channel 3 solved the problem.  If you need a full complement of remote sensors, this might become a serious issue, depending on what other equipment you have.  The main unit hangs on a single screw.  It requires the use of buttons on its top to look at the high and low temperature records, to reset them, and to switch between remote sensors.  Pressing these buttons tends to make the unit rotate around the screw; I have not yet figured out how to solve this problem, as the unit has to come down to replace batteries
Cutco redux. I own most of the knives in the set and use them daily. I also used Cutco extensively once upon a time when I was young and didn't know any better. All I can say is that anyone who can sit there and say that Cutco is in any way comparable in quality to Wusthof is either a Cutco salesperson or delusional. If you're not willing to take the extra minute per night to hand wash and properly steel a Wusthof (or any other fine forged blade), by all means, get the Cutco or K-Mart specials or whatever. Otherwise, comparisons are simply unfair. You need to use a Wusthof to fully appreciate the difference. I did, and I couldn't retire my old knives fast enough
Felines Favorite Toy. I have two tomcats,one Feral ,the other Domestic,Both love this Toy,They spend hours throwing and then chasing the Squirrel,The domestic cat carry's his around constantly,The only Bad is that they love this item so much I have had to replace them within months as both cats tear them up
Quality made, last a long time. What's there to review, these are made for the fresh flow, they work just like they should!  Mine last several months with 4 pets
Quality that fits the budget. I actually preferred the Pfaltzgraff Mystic pattern but my oldest dd and her husband gave me a set of the Cappucino for Christmas.  A service for 4 is not enough which is why I purchased another set through Amazon.  The price was right - even with shipping - this set was cheaper than in local department stores.First, I'd like to say my order arrived quickly however 2 of the plates were broken.  Rather than just send replacement plates, Amazon sent another entire set - which also came with a broken plate so I sent back a set with 3 broken plates.  What do they do with these?  Why not keep the unbroken items for replacements?  It would definitely be cheaper shipping out individual items than entire sets!As for the dishes - I haven't seen any signs of discolorings as reported by other reviewers.  I like that the set is sturdy but after using Corelle for many years it's taken some time to get adjusted to it.I love the size and shapes of the plates, mugs and bowls.  The bowls are deep - perfect for ice cream or cereal and so deep that it eliminates spills.  The mugs are easy to handle even with the hottest of beverages inside.  And of course, all the pieces are easy to clean.The color is neutral - goes perfect with my kitchen.  Can't wait to add other pieces to it
Riding in Style. I bought two of these to house my cats for the long drives across South Dakota.  The cats really seem to enjoy the soft padding on the floor, and the multiple roll-up window pieces.  They are roomier than the traditional plastic pet carriers. One draw back is that these are not very convenient as pet carriers for trips to the vet, etc.  They are not as easy to cart around as the hard plastic pet taxis.  But, used as homes or travel homes, they are roomy and attractive.  A plus--they fold up easily to store
Beautiful. I have owned this flatware for 3 years, and never tire of its design.  It is complementary to china as well as everyday dishes
Great quality!  Very Surprised!. This spoon, as with the others offered on Amazon proved to be a great find!  This spoon is of sturdy wood and thickness: Very rugged.  Would buy them as gifts should the need come up. No regrets on the purchase!  Keep up the good work offering such great products at such low prices
600 thread count sheets. these sheets are soooo soft and the price I payed you could not find Anywhere,just get them, you won't be sorr
Great product. Great product for places with no outlets.  The range is average, so if you are going to use it to light a stairway ( like I did ), then you will need to get two.  One for the top of the stairs and one for the bottom
Exactly what I was looking for, NOT a slipcover!. I knew what I was getting when I ordered this product--I WASN'T looking for slipcovers. I wanted throws to cover and protect my furniture from cats, dogs and children and I wanted them to be easy to take off when people showed up at my door and easy to throw in the washer when they get soiled. These are perfect for what I wanted, and the price is FANTASTIC for what I got.The fabric is heavy, and of good quality. I ordered one for a chair, one for a loveseat and one for a sofa. They are easy to put on, stay on pretty well, and look exactly like the picture. The sizing is generous, and they fit my oversized pieces well.I have washed them repeatedly, and the color (beige) has stayed true and the covers are still in excellent condition.These aren't high fashion pieces, and aren't going to be what you want if you're looking for slipcovers (e.g. something that covers your furniture completely and takes the place of reupholstering). The back of each piece remains almost completely exposed, and only the seating surfaces are covered
Great for juices. The only thing I think this item need is a cover to close the crusher when its not in us
Love it!. I've worn out so many waffle irons and searched high and low for one that made more than 4 waffles for my big family.  I loved this one despite the problems because:It heats up fast!Cooks the waffle fast!Bigger than most waffle makers!Comes with various recipes and I like how the "regular" recipe is large..made enough batter to keep in a lidded pitcher for days and the kids were able to make themselves waffle snacks any time they liked!Those "pros" made it worth it to me, especially when comparing it to what's out there on the market..which isn't much.Cons:Yes, it leaks when you use more than about a cup of batter, just poor that CUP (not cup and a half) down the center line and it shouldn't be much of a problem.  Just have paper towels handy because I find most waffle irons leak, some just worse than others.I prefered cool touch makers with the plastic outside to this metal but I still like it this one!I'd prefer the plastic on the handle covering the "entire" handle but just don't touch the metal part! It's a generously long portion for you to grab and open.I do find the squares that make the "6" waffles smaller than other makers but it still makes a larger amount of waffles in it's entirety.I like the "beeping" because I tend to always be multitasking so I can hear it in the next room or while eating at the table.  Don't like how often it beeps while sitting there and we aren't ready to make another waffle yet.  But it's not a problem.All in all it's worth it.  I love it
A Little Wonder. I was first looking for an electric sharpener until I found too many bad stories about removing too much metal, marring the finish, etc. Then, I found this item and my Henckels knives have an almost factory edge again. Just pull through a few times and viola! If you're contemplating which way to go like I was, I would suggest this one as the inexpensive alternative that works
Wonderful thin wine glasses but................ I love these thin wine glasses....I can not enjoy a glass of wine in a thick glass....I have ordered many sets of these and given them as gifts...but for some reason I break them when drying them with a dish towel...I have never put them in my dish washer and I always make sure the glass is warm when I wash it..but I guess they are super fragile and need to be air dried.  In spite of this problem I will again order another set, as I cannot drink a good glass of wine in a thick rimmed glass
Soft, warm navy blue blanket with some "issues". I bought this blanket based on previous reviews and for the low price ($14.99 in December 2006). It's just fine for my daughter's bed; she uses it like a sheet with her comforter on top. She also drags it off the bed to watch TV. The color (navy blue) is just what I expected. It never smelled funny to me, so I have never washed it. It's true that the side edges are unfinished, but it's a decent item for the price I paid and works fine as a "sheet alternative." I wouldn't use it on the top of my bed personally; it's more like one of those blankets you bring to keep warm at a soccer game (except bigger). I also wouldn't pay more than I did without expecting it to be a better quality.
Shun vs MAC brand. I've decided to go with MAC brand santoku after reading several reviews.
Good looking whisk. This is a mid-size whisk, not a full-size one. If you understand that you'll be happy with it. It is a simple item, does what it is supposed to, and looks great doing it
BEST OF CLASS. We assembled the fan within 20 minutes using the directions. The only challenging step is snapping the front fan cage onto the back. The force must be applied correctly, and the front cage be in the right position.Now, we plug in the fan and watch it run. Three speeds: low, medium, and high. Low is fine to cool the body in a medium to small room, and quiet enough to allow sleep or concentration. Medium and high are for serious air flow. Steady, or oscillate. A timer can be turned on & off. The timer goes up at 30 minute increments to 7.5 hours, using LEDs on the base. The LEDs turn on and off in binary fashion as you set the time. Wind mode is the interesting feature, and may or may not be practical. Standard mode, Natural mode (random speed up/slow down?), and Work/sleep (fan slows down at periodic rate, in the middle of the oscl. pattern)Best features:*Quiet, but effective*Convenient timer*Infrared remote control for full control of the fa
If you need an extra knife , this is the one to get. If you like global knives and already have a Chef's knife and a bread knife and want to get something usefull get this. I have used this knife to fillet fish and bone meat. The flex in the knife is great and the knife stays sharp for a long tim
Sentina is a sleep saver. My husband goes to bed much later than I do.Until I got this gadget, I had to go to sleep with a bedroom light on,and he would leave a low light on in the living room in order to see his wayto the bedroom.I have installed 3 of these units, one in the living room, one in the hall, and one in the bedroom. They light up sequentially as he comes to be
So far so good!. Have had the Granos for about 1 month.  Great espresso, great latte and great design.  I hope all the leak issues I read below have been solved, but only time will tell.
sturdy, good quality, looks just like the picture. i was pleased. it is a very nice pink, not that awful too bright pink things sometimes turn out to be, but a nice pale shade
It was a bargain at $9.99. I just received mine and tried it out.   It worked perfectly.   No such problems as described by many reviewers.   This is an inexpensive model and should not be expected to have the high quality of its more expensive counterparts. Nevertheless, both craftmanship and quality of this laser pointer are more than acceptable.   The red dot projects by the pointer is not perfectly focused but is also not bad.   I do not know about two city blocks, but I was able to project the red dot on a wall 200 feet away.   I bought this pointer primarily for presentation and 200 feet range is more than what I need.   As brought out by a couple of reviewers, there is no user manual.   However, I did not experience any difficulty in getting the pointer functional.   It is as simple as a flash light.   American Science and Surplus, the vendor I purchased the pointer shipped promptly( via UPS ground the next day after order was placed ).   Overall, very satisfied with the product as well as the vendor.   Highly recommended
Better than expected for the money. My boyfriend purchased this item for me a few months ago because he knows I love to cook and didn't have a &quot;good set&quot; of knives.  At first I was skeptical at the idea of something that was originally sold via an infomercial, but I've been using these knives and have fallen in love with them!  Sure, they're not as heavy and thick-bladed as Chicago Cutlery or Henkels, and the handles are plastic, but they're sharp as can be, and they retain their edge extremely well.  These are great knives for the money
best knives in the world. the title says it all i repeat the best knives in the world.....
Good Knife, But Do You Need It?. The Wusthof Classic line is the more conservative counterpart to the Grand Prix line.  The only difference, however, is the handle style.  I personally prefer the Grand Prix, but this is an issue of personal preference.  The balance and grip of these knives are as close to perfect as I have found.  For those wondering what benefits a higher priced knife provides, one benefit is that the blade (or tang) is one piece all the way through the handle.  This makes the blade much stronger, and less likely to snap
Works well... I recommend rinsing it out with soapy water to get the metal/plastic smell and taste out, otherwise it does keep the fizz in well over a week.
Excellent little timer. For what it is (disregarding any false advertising by vendors, etc.), it's a perfect little timer. It's easy to use, accurate, and works great as a basic one-shot timer. I use it to time my espresso shots, and it's frequently used to time oven things since it's nice and portable. I enjoy using it and am buying another to let one be dedicated to my espresso machine (expecting a 30-second time and finding out someone else left it with 25 minutes on it can be frustrating)
Great for toaster ovens!. With the cost of propane being what it is, it's great to have these to use in my toaster oven, instead of heating up a big oven. Have used these multiple times and have been very happy with the quality.  I've used muffin liners and have baked without the liners and both worked well.  I recommend this item
Great for teens. We got 3 of them and gave them to my teenage daughters friends, and they loved them.  Super gift for a teen girl
it's cool, i love it. This is a great bookcase, I don't know what the person was talking about the size being misadvertised. I think they just didn't understand that it's 15 inches deep, not wide. anyway, I found the proportions to be what they said they were. I would definately advise to tighten the screws that are already in place to make sure it doesn't wobble. I put mine together and it was less than sturdy. I spent 3 minutes tightening the factory screws and it didn't move at all. Not to mention this is a beautiful piece of furniture, the wood isn't all crappy and peeling, it's real and the color is beautfully warm and nuetral. I highly recommend. Assembly is easy, it took like 20 mins.
Best bathroom upgrade; great for whole family. I've had mine for a number of months and it's fantastic.  The drinking water spout (it shoots up just like a fountain) is fantastic for brushing teeth, quick drink, taking pills, etc.  Late at night I don't have to venture out to the kitchen for a quick drink of water.  Kids love it too - and you can't complain at something that gets kids excited about drinking water, let alone cleaner, filtered water.Yes, it needs a little re-tightening here and there, but it's not a big deal.  It's designed to be disposable when the filter runs out (After about a year), so I didn't expect it to be something that'd last forever.  Can't imagine not having one in the bathroom anymore
Great Filters. Filters arrived in perfect condition.  They were shipped extremely fast. Amazon great service
Great product. This is a super product.  I've had it a few months and it works very well.  Be sure to get the mason jar attachment so youdon't have to wash the plastic cups if you need to make a bunch of things in an evening.  This is 100% better than the Magic Bullet in terms of construction and useful life.  Just be sureto NOT OVERFILL the containers.Great smoothies and salad dressings.  I use it for pesto, which it does lickety split.  It says not to put the cups in the dishwasher but I always do (top rack) and no worries so far
Mr. Dyson is a genius!!. I completely lucked out finding this awesome peice of machinery.  Friends were visiting so I was getting ready by cleaning the house which of course means that all important 'last step' of making the carpets 'look' fresh. I pulled out my very light Oreck (circa 2003) and noticed that it wasn't picking up the stuffing my dog pulled out of a toy. After changing the bag I tried again--still nothing.So I ran to Target and spent about 30 minutes researching what they had available. What really caught my eye was the small brochure in the Dyson area. It went through Dyson's frustrations of vacuums losing suction--that's what drove me nuts. The price seemed a little high, but then I remembered that I spent that much on the Oreck (+ more for bags). So home we went and little did I know it would change my attitude about carpet cleaning.Setting it up took some time.  I'm the kind of person that wants to be able to just plug it in, but unfortunately it did take about 20 minutes. It was the hose that tripped me up. You have to take the long tube and put it inside the hose. After that it was just popping pieces in place.I started to vacuum the living area first and just could not believe what it was picking up.  The clear container is the genius part of this cleaner--you can see everything that is on/in your carpet.  I vacummed one little strip behind my couch and had to empty it two times!!  My Oreck hadn't picked up anything over the last year so I had layers of dirt and grime which made me sick to think about.The next few hours were spent picking up all the dirt that had accumulated over the last year.  I must of emptied the container 50 times and really we're not dirty people!  It's easy to empty the container too--you just pull it off, place it over a trash can and press a button to open the trap door.It comes with a very long cord (yea!) and all of the attachments stay firmly in place (you should hear a snap when you store them).  When you place it upright and it's running it does get louder because there is a little grated cover that allows the air to flow.  Otherwise it's as loud as a normal vacuum and while not heavy, it does feel sturdy when you pull it back and forth.My husband wishes that he bought me this years ago.  I literally went from loathing to vacuum to actually enjoying it!  The first week I vacuumed every day so I could see what would show up in my canister. While I'm not doing it everyday, my carpet does look better now that I'm taking better care of it.I've just ordered a Hoover Steam Cleaner (Agility) based on the reviews posted on Amazon.  As soon as I get to use it I plan to post another review.  I'm thinking that with this dynamic combo my carpet is going to look even better
Great Product. This product is well worth the money. It is absolutely wonderful for covering a variety of sizes of bowls. After placing the lid on the bowl, just press down the center and it provides a seal. It beats the heck out of the glass covers that are always breaking
Best Air Mattress Yet. I have had a few air mattresses in the past.  I was waiting on my furniture shippment from Prague and needed a bed for a month.  I hesitated as ALL previous Aero beds would go semi-flat by 3AM (at least after a few sleeps).  I only weigh 160Ibs and didn't have any "guests" joining me.Since this is the USA, and Amazon has the best return policy and customer service, I thought, I am going to spend more and get Aero's "best" bed.A month has gone by.  Guests have come and gone. The bed, has not leaked any air.  I'm impressed.  My only additional reccommendation would be to get a mattress pad as the bed is a cold(even in Florida)
Bar None..... This is the BEST cutting board you can buy.  I've been a professional chef for over 18 years and I swear by John Boos' boards.
Some of the best sheets one can find!!!!!. I know for a fact that these sheets are completely worth their price. They are extremely soft, they are of great quality and I have not seen many sheets that can match up to them. I highly recommend them.
excellent value. this scale is great for the price..I recently bought one at Kmart that I just threw away......nice how it fits in to the dish and easy to store...perfect for weight watcher
The perfect morning cup. Jumbo is right. These cups are perfect for morning Joe, especially when you have houseguests and you want to fill up once and then sit and talk all morning
Fiestaware Fan!. Last holiday season, I received this Fiestaware Scarlet dinnerware set as a gift. I absolutely love these dishes. They are strong, look wonderful, and put a smile on my face every time I open my cupboard at mealtime. Not one dish has chipped or cracked and the color is even and vibrant. I find the size of each item comfortable to use. The fact that they are dishwasher and microwave safe is just another wonderful bonus. Now I am looking forward to adding more pieces to my collection. Buy this set! The quality and price can't be beat!!
Great tool for beginners. I've never made a scrapbook in my life, and I bought this kit to help me get started for a Christmas gift for a close friend. Needless to say, it came out great and she LOVED it! It has everything you'll need to get started on your own scrapbook. The only thing I needed to buy in addition to the kit was a scrapbook album which was pretty cheap at Target.  I'd buy this again for the next scrapbook I do.
Used for kitchen funnels. These funnels nest together for easier storing. They go in the top of the dishwasher and are easy to use.  A great product at any price and these are cheap
Just what I was looking for. I internet shopped for a week, reading consumer reports and customer reviews of just about every blender made. I decided on this one based on my research and I am glad I did. I make my husband fruit and juice smoothies almost every day after work and with this machine it is a fast, easy job. Ice and frozen fruit are blended into the drink very quickly.It is a little loud but it is worth the noise to have 500 watts of power. I also like the fact the base is heavy cast metal, the pitcher is thick, solid glass with a tight fitting lid and the blade is stainless. I like the easy to use control knob and the fact it has 2, yes just 2 speeds. I find most machines with 12 to 20 little buttons are fairly useless and all those speeds rarely used, they also take up more counter space because the bases have to be bigger for all the buttons.The fact that the Hamilton Beach comes in 6 colors is just icing on the cake and the Moroccan Red is gorgeous.
Doubles as a Gravy Bowl~~. I got this in a set of the Sugar Bowl and Creamer...I don't really use the creamer so I tried using it as a gravy bowl and it works wonderfully!
Great pan, odd handle. I used this pan just this morning and I really like it.  It has a great non-stick surface and is easy to clean.  The price is great also.The only thing that might be a problem for some people is the handle.  It slants downward instead of upward.  So, if you have a flat surface stovetop, your pan won't sit flat on the surface.  I have a gas stove and it is not a problem for me.  I didn't notice this from the picture and the descriptions don't mention this but I think it is important to know.  Who knows, maybe I got a defective pan and don't know it.Other than that, it is a great pan for the money.  I like it more than other non-stick pans I have had.
Knife sharpener. I found that the sharpener did better than I expected. It put a better a good edge on in very little time
tovolo blue silicone splatter screen. This is fabulous. The size is a little bigger than most screens and works well with many pots and pans. The flexibility of the screen itself is great when browning roasts or other items that tend to sit a little high in the pan.The handle is not the easiest to attach but the ability to detach and attach for cleaning purposes outways the inconvenience.Great looking modern appearance is also nice
lace on top. Sheets are great just the lace on top can be bothersome when sleepin
Bang for the Buck. Heats up the bathroom quickly, safe for the kids, great value for price and it looks good
Good slicer!. This slicer works great on most cheeses.  It doesn't work very well on harder cheeses though
great  processor. this is a great food processor, i have had it only a few days, but i love it, the puree works great, the slicer works really really good.  i have no complaints so far.  i had a wolfgang puck bistro collection 11 cup processor before this one and the food got stuck up in the plastic part of the blade all the time, which you could not get out, wasnt very sanitary, company kept replacing blades, but they all did the same thing, would never reccommend it.  would reccommend this kitchenaid food processor
Function Wins Out!. The good (Function):1)  Rubber non-slip base and good weighting2)  Clear plastic, allows full view of soap level3)  Long spout allows easy access to sink.  No counter spills!4)  Smooth pumping action - no clogs5)  Pump goes all the way to the bottom - "sucks" it all out!6)  Wide opening makes it easy to transfer soap from a largebottle.The bad (Aesthetics):1)  Not beautiful (not horribly ugly either)2)  No choice of color.  Would have preferred white to matchkitchen appliances.Verdict:Function wins out over aesthetics.  Highly recommended
Rack. All I had to do was unfold it! Very handy, easy to move, holds lots of stuff
DeLonghi TRR0715 Retro Oil-Filled Radiator. We are pleased with the purchase of this heater. It works well in smaller areas (10 x 15) but we are also using it in a larger area (20 x 20) with the help of a small fan to circulate the heated air around the room.
Keeps Baked Boneless Chicken Breasts Moist. I live in the Midwest and boneless skinless chicken breasts prices have plummetted as compared to what they were a few years ago, but inexperienced cooks have made their preparation sometimes an exercise in patience with dry, chewy, stringy or sometimes rubbery meat.  If it isn't overdone it is underdone.  My mother usually pounded them flat to tenderize and make it easier to cook with consistent results.  When I saw this product, boneless chicken came instantly to mind... either grilling or baking.  It being winter, I decided to make a simple meal of Shake-n-Bake chicken breasts for my parents without telling them that I used the meat tenderizer.  They came out so juicy and tender raved my mother as my father used a butter knife to cut them, they were perfectly and evenly cooked and to my surprise were as plump as they came out of the package.  Just 3 or 4 times per breast and they were done.  I am now dreaming of summer steaks, or even a chuck roast in the crockpot later this week.  I am very pleased with the Jaccard Meat Tenderizer as it didn't change the texture of the meat as other had reported, and mine has two flat-head screw holes on one side and the blades can be replaced.  I paid nearly $40 for mine at a local restaurant supply store and I think it will more than pay for itself by having GREAT meals at home instead of eating out.  You can buy far better meat in the store than they have in most restaurants anyway
This is GREAT!. I was shopping in a gift store today and came across this Tovolo Tea Infuser and it is brillant!  If you don't use tea bags and are used to the infuser on a chain - this will spoil you.  It stirs like a spoon and when you are done it sits in its craddle so that it doesn't drip on anything.  And the whole thing is dishwasher safe.  I paid more than $9.95 for mine too
Feeding a bunch of students. What a great bargain and a useful purchase!  It works perfectly, is easy to clean, and can handle a lot of food.I just finished working on an annual multiple all-day, all-night college student event to raise scholarship money, and we're always looking for inexpensive and creative ways to keep them fed.  We've used a charcoal grill for years, but this time I added this griddle.  It was a big hit.  At night it was cold outside, but all I needed was 5 loaves of bread, a tub of soft butter, some garlic powder, a huge package of cheese slices and I was set.  This griddle made a ton of perfect grilled cheese sandwiches without causing a mess. (Note: using real butter and garlic powder allows you to use the cheapest bread and cheese and still have them taste great).  In the morning, it was fried eggs, pre-cooked bacon strips, cheese and kaiser rolls for incredible egg-on-a-roll breakfasts (with just some cooking spray).Fun to use.  Great food.  Great bargain
Just the Ticket. I bought two of these, one blue and one yellow and they're beautiful. There is no way you could buy this fabric alone for this price. It is not fitted -- as one can see in the picture. It covers my hefty futon couch very nicely and I'm completely pleased with this product. I do recommend it
Tequila glasses have Riedel's exceptional standard. I have used all of Riedels glassware for the various types of wine.  They are superior for serving wine.  We were introduced to the new Riedel tequila glass in Sante Fe, New Mexico this summer at a mexican restaurant with 100 tequilas.  Have to buy these glasses.  I will also purchase them for gifts
Great value!. This coat rack is simple and sturdy.  It has several pegs for longer coats at the top and below are ones just the right height for my daughter to reach.  It can handle many coats and other items you toss on it without falling over.  Color is nice although we usually see little of it.
FIESTA!. Perfect size bowls for fruit and maybe a side dish for those of you who don't like their food all running together on your plate.  Good for snacks like pudding and jello.  Also good for anyone who wants salad dressing on the side ~ nice and shallow for spooning out the dressing.  Plus it won't take up alot of space on your table.  This is a very nice color
Smellkiller Air Cleanser. Amazingly, this thing works great.  I was skeptical, but after reading the reviews, I thought I would give it a try.  We placed them in our basement, and the musty smell is GONE!Great product.  Only con would be the need to keep water in it
Good Stockpot at a Great Price. Farberware 18/10 stainless steel cookware is a good line. I had this cookware at one time, and I can recommend it, especially for use on gas burners. Unlike Calphalon cookware, it can go in the dishwasher. However, to keep the finish gleaming, you might need to scrub the pots and pans frequently with cleanser and scouring pads. This 10-Quart Stockpot is a kitchen essential
Great Stoneware. This cookware is not just for breads, try a meatloaf for two. With the even heat distribution from this cookware your meatloaf cooks even, sealing in the juice's. The wide lip makes removing the dish form your oven very easy not to mention safe.The cookware is very easy to clean and looks great in our kitchen.
Works for me. I purchased a microwave plate cover 20 years ago. It was perfect, but finally cracked up and needed to be replaced this year. I purchased this Nordic Ware Microwave Plate Cover and am satisfied. My 20 year old plate cover had a larger circumference than my new one. This new one may be smaller, but seems sturdier. Let's see if it lasts 20 years
Great Scale. Great Price. Again, despite what the first reviewer states this scales DOES display weight in tenths of an ounce. (Perhaps he/she had it set for weighing in grams?) I bought this as a postal scale for mailing letters and packages from my home and not for weighing food. A 10 lb scale of lesser quality for postal purposes sells for $70 at Office Depot. The only thing that would be nice is a "hold" function commonly found on a postal scale, but for the price and Swiss quality I can live without it
Dog loves his new dog house... It is a very big dog house for a little shih tzu dog, but he instantly loved it when he saw that it was his new dog house.  He slept in his new house on the first night.  Since it looks more like a camping dog house, we put a towel to cover the roof to keep it warm for him to sleep.  Also put a blanket on the floor of dog house to make it warmer and keep the included flooring clean
Wonderful Quiche pan!. I use this for quiche, scalloped potatoes, just about anything baked. It is beautiful for serving at the table.
WELL worth the money!. Shopping for an electric kettle? Look no further! This one ROCKS. The water heats up SO fast it blows your mind. Outside is cool to the touch, water is HOT. HIGHLY recommend. I got mine at Target in Rockford, IL for $49.99. We contemplated the $39.99 electric kettle but boy are we glad we got this one. The push button, pop up lid to pour is wonderful. Nice and big size. Great compliment to all my Teavana products. This was my first electric kettle purchase and I don't know how I ever lived with on the stove brewing before. I love it, and you will too! Makes a great gift for those tea or even hot cocoa lovers. Would be awesome for the office too
I love this knife. I'm not a chef, just a guy. I have a ninety-five year old mother who has recently developed a chronic desire for fried onions, on hamburgers, in mashed potatoes, or `a la carte. She also is a big Rachael Ray fan, as I too have become. Rachael is the cutest!So, the best knife that I had to slice onions, was a sharp folding knife from my knife collection. It outsliced all of my mother's kitchen knives. Then I came across the Rachael Ray knife on the internet. I told my mother we'd buy it to slice onions and because we like Rachael so much, kind of like when I was a kid and I got my Mickey Mantle baseball glove.The knife slices onions like a dream. I had always wondered how restaurants get those nice thin clean onion slices, and now I get them too! It's the only really sharp kitchen knife we've ever owned. It must be as sharp as it was when we purchased it, because it still slices as it did when it was new.The only minor inconvenience was that it doesn't come with some kind of a sheath. My brother improvised one with the knife packaging and some scotch tape. It works fine, just to not have the blade exposed.I like the orange handle, it allows for a non-slide confident grip.If I wanted other types of kitchen knives, I'd certainly try the Rachael Ray line again.
Some hints on care - and also getting the less common pieces. GREAT COOKWARE - nobody who's used it would argue, and I also have some All-Clad pieces - the Kitchenaid actually cooks more evenly!  Reviewers have commented about care:  my set is over a year old, and still looks great.   Why?  a) NEVER use steel wool - if it's burned on, soak it.  b) I DO dishwash them (they come out fine).  c) to remove discolorations (I do this after dishwashing) get a can of Cameo Aluminum and Stainless Steel Cleaner (in the same section as Bon Ami) - sprinkle some directly onto the pan, and wipe it around with a damp sponge.  d) NEVER scrub (even with a sponge or plastic scraper) in a back-and-forth manner - go in circles.   These pans have a slightly matt finish in the inside to help hide scratches, but it's a swirled finish, not side-to-side (those back-and-forth scratches never come out)  To get extra pieces Amazon.comdoesn't carry, check out potsandpans.com.  Amazon.com's prices are the best but they only stock about 20% of what Meyer (Kitchenaid's manufacturer) makes for this line
Strong. Designed after traditional French wooden spoons. These spoons are made of food-grade high-density nylon fiber, which is safe for use in temperatures up to 450'F. These nylon fiber material is nonporous so spoons will not stains when used to stir curry dishes or tomato sauces. Dishwasher safe.  A 5 stars product
Very nice, wish the handle design was slightly better. I've only had this a short time and I like it a lot.  The price is good and the quality is good.  The handle is clamped to the blade by a large wooden knob which screws on from beneath.  You can loosen the knob to fold the handle or even remove the handle completely (nice for putting the blade in the dishwasher).  The way it's designed though the knob attaches on the bottom which makes it so that the Peel can't be laid flat (the knob sticks out quite a ways below the blade).  This can be fixed by putting the handle on upside-down and screwing the knob on from the top.  Having the knob on the top isn't too bad, but I wish the handle was simply designed to mount with the knob on top so that it looks nicer when attached that way
nice bowls. I like and dislike these bowls. What I like about them is the shape and size for certain foods and for the dishwasher.  They are actually too small for cereal if you would like to add fruit to your cereal.  They are perfect for oatmeal or ice cream but too small for soup or stew.  They are curved perfectly to drain and rinse well in the dishwasher.The depth of color is very attractive on the table
Use it 3 or 4 times a week. We are very happy with the quality of this cookware and use it often.  This was purchased to replace a Revere electric pressure cooker for which it is impossible to get parts.  There was a brief learning curve, by switching to a stove top cooker from an electric.  Getting the heat setting just right took some practice especially due to our stove being a ceramic top.  Temperature changes (especially lowering the heat) take some time since the ceramic is slower to respond, but this has nothing to do with the pressure cooker.  Having the option of using either the smaller or larger capacity bottom with the pressure cooker top is a nice bonus.
Where's the eye remover?. Very nice peeler except it's missing a feature that every other peeler I've ever seen has; a protuberance that can be used to remove the eyes from potatoes
Only from Amazon. Just received my Cobalt Tones chop plate.  It's beautiful.  I plan to use it as a serving platter more than a plate.  I saw this listed on Amazon last fall and put off ordering it.  When I decided it was a "must have", it was out of stock.  I tried other sites and couldn't find Cobalt tones anywhere.  I contacted the company to find a retailer and was told that it was exclusive to Amazon!  However, I have seen this pattern or something very close at Tamarak outside Beckley, WV.  (It is a West Virginia sponsored open mall featuring crafts and products made in WV, which Fiesta is.)  I was thrilled when it was back in stock.  It will give my Fiesta table an even more creative look
excellent. A gorgeous product!.Makes a wonderful coffee, and it stay hot almost three hours.Recomended
The Best Knives I've ever owned. The knife set is absolutely fantastic! The knives are razor sharps, feel great in the hand, and ring like a tuning fork when sharpened. They look, feel and cut like quality. They hold an edge far longer than I expected, staying sharp for weeks between honing on the sharpening steel. They are a little heavy in the hand, but very well balanced. I highly recommend them. The best knives I've ever owned
Great Wide-Based Mug. I fully agree with the previous ratings--truly a nice mug for the desk and/or workshop.  One improvement I'd like to see with these quality mugs is a loop handle--it gives me a more secure feeling of balanced grip.The price is a dollar or two high, even for a "designer" mug.
Heavy duty for all purpose!. I love these!! Ordered three sets of these brick-red colored mini-bowls for my family and continue to be pleased with the performance. They are good quality little things- used for yogurt, ice cream, nuts, little snacks for the kids- and are microwave oven and dishwasher safe. Try them for yourself- they come in a multitude of different designs. Kudos!
Good for what it is. It works well, and it's good for the price.  Not too stable and sturdy, but it gets the job done just fine
Works perfectly!. I think this is about as close to a perfect grooming product.  It's not too expensive and works incredibly well.  Also, the little roller ball with the cap doesn't leak in my gym bag which is always appreciated
Great filter at a great price. This is an excellent price for this filter, and it arrived when promised
Nice mitts!. These are every part as good as the other Oxo mitts on Amazon, but for almost half the price (as of this review), so I bought two.  This was just a bargain I couldn't pass up!I've never owned a cooler oven mitt, literally, and everything about them lives up to the hype, though the actual color is a lighter shade of gray than that in the above picture if that matters to anyone
DEEP FRYER. This item is everything it claims and more.  Unable to locate this item locally.  Deep frys very well. The size is perfect for a family and it is very easy to store.  The oil stays in the fryer and only needs to be changed when it becomes comtaminated.  Just add oil as needed
Great skillet but large for most stovetops. This skillet is great. However, I would caution people that it's a little too big for most electric-coil burners, and so the outer ring of the skillet doesn't get hot and food won't cook right. My 12" Lodge skillet gets much more stovetop use. This one mainly gets used for roasting meat in the oven. Of course if you have an especially large burner on your stove, then enjoy! I would also recommend buying the pre-seasoned skillet for the same price, if it's available to you; it's not hard to season a skillet, but it's nice to not have the trouble
Very good machine within its limits. I have had one of these machines for three weeks. So far I am very satisfied with it. It does an excellent job washing and drying clothes. Drying does take longer but that is not an inconvenience for me. The machine has a "dry only" setting so I just pop the clothes back in if more drying time is needed. And it runs so quietly that I can use it almost any time of day (or night) without having to worry about annoying my condo neighbors. I would not think that an all in one machine would be a good choice for a family but for a single person, it works very well.
Handy Helper!. This foldable basket is the handiest helper! I love the space saving of storing it! Very sturdy & durable! Great bu
Economical Substitute for an Espresso Machine. First I'd like to thank my friend Tony from Italia for introducing me to this little gadget on our campout last month.  Secondly I'd like to thank Daigo for his excellent write up and Brikka blog.If you are a coffee addict especially to espresso, macchiato or cordato AND are a cheapskate like myself then you've found yourself the right product.  While technically mokka isn't espresso, it's pretty darn close and only an espresso aficionado will know the difference.This product does a great job of making that intense, robust elixir to sharpen the senses.  I've had it for about a month now and find myself daily back on any street in Italy or Spain.  Mornings start out with a couple machiatos/cordatos (espresso with foamed milk) and then comes the afternoon espresso bump.  It's great!  If you don't want to drop the $500 for the official machine then this little guy will do the job.A note concerning the crme and 4 cup/2 cup controversy.  To be honest, my 4 cup maker cranks out the crme.  You have to play with the grind, the way it's packed and even the volume of water you add.  Folks say the 4 cup won't do it but down here in Texas it does it's job. Lot's of crme in the pot and on my lips! :)  So, maybe it's the water or technique, I don't know.  But rather than going through the cost and hassle of getting an Italian 2 cup version I recommend you get this.Criticisms?? Well I gave this 4 stars because it is a bit tedious to get your coffee going and more of a pain to clean.  My biggest gripe is unscrewing the bottom tank from the top - It's a real bear even when completely cool.All in all, it's a great product worth the money.  I'd buy it again given the chance.  If you love espresso and don't want to buy the Ferrari then get this, you won't be disappointed.
Great humidifier and wonderful customer service. I live in New England and with our forced air heating system, my condo gets very dry over the winter.  To solve my stuffy nose and static electricity problems, I went in search of a room humidifier.  I liked the Venta Sonic because it looks pretty, it's quiet, it had a smaller footprint than other humidifiers, it had both the warm and cool mist, I could see how much water was in the tank, and it had the nano-silver anti-microbial mineral filter.The first time I ran it, it ran wonderfully for half the tank and then it stopped.  I tried jiggling it, and each time, it would run for about 15 minutes and then stop again.Frustrated, I called Customer Service, and was very pleasantly surprised.A real live person picked up on the first ring.  (when does that ever happen anymore?)The maintenance team wasn't available, so the person took a message and promised that someone would call me back within the next day.Wonder of wonders, someone did actually call me back and even called back again when I wasn't there the first time.I talked with a maintenance person who knew exactly what was wrong.  Apparently, there was a bad batch of rubber widgets in some of the filter caps, and it was preventing the water from flowing through completely.  She told me the workaround (snip the extra rubber with nail clippers), and then she put a new cap in the mail that day.  The work around fixed the problem, and I received the new cap within the next two days as promised.I've had this Venta Sonic for about a month and I love it so far.  I especially love the real Customer Service that comes along with it.  If something ever goes wrong with it again, I know I'll be able to depend on people who take pride in their product and actually care about the happiness of their customers
drinkwell pet fountain replacement filters. filters arrived before projected arrival in good shape and product was exactly what I ordered
AWESOME!!!. I recieved the 12 1/2", it comes with a lid!! I used it to make panfry dumplings. I have tried Ultrex, non stick and Revere stainless, neither with good results. Both didn't come close to Swiss Diamond. Little pricey, but I will never have to buy another non stick pan again, this one has a limited lifetime warranty. Limited to the fact I don't cook commercially or abuse the pan. Even heating, even on burner that is not as large as pan,great browning and nothing sticks. Highly recommend!
works better than expected, good for small space. I got a model very similar for about 10 bucks on clearence, and plugged it in, not expecting much.  I placed it in the finished portion of my basement near the catbox.  After 1 day, I noticed the air was a little fresher, crisper.  It took that ammonia smell directly above the box away. After about a week, the whole basement was a little clearer. I noticed the difference the most after I unplugged it vacuuming one day and didn't plug it back in.  The next morning the odor was creeping back.  This is a relatively affordable item, does descent job for a small space. I have now had this for about 2 1/2 years, still working good with refills
Frying pan. I recently purchased a frying pan (Calphalon). It is just the right size and food fries beautifully in it. The cover that comes with it is so convenient and saves alot of splattering from the pan. I would definetly order another product like this
Love this spray. I was looking at several solutions to my female cat peeing in a certain place in the house and decided to try this product first.  I only use one mist at night on the area and I haven't had a single problem since.  The product does have a slight smell immediatly after spraying but the smell does not linger and is not a bad smell
Pulltap Corkscrew. The double step levered corkscrew is a great improvement over a single step pull.  I first saw this in Spain (where the Pulltap is made) and knew I had to have one.  Strongly recommend this item.  They come in at least two sizes; slightly longer handle.  Most descriptions aren't very good
One of the best knives I've ever used. My wife got me this knife for Christmas.  I've been wanting to get one since I saw Rachel Ray use it on her show, but balked at spending almost $100 for a knife.I tried it out the very night I opened my presents.  It is amazing the difference between this knife and my old beat up chefsmate.  I'm not an expert in the kitchen, but I was lasering through veggies and meat like a pro.The thing is razor sharp, so you do have to be careful.  My usual method of peeling garlic is to lay it on the chopping block with the blade of my knife over it and then pounding the knife with the heel of my left hand.  Using this method left fine cuts on the heel of my hand.  Other than the accidental scarring of myself, its a great knife
Not bad for the price. It gave me a way to get that awful paisley print comforter that was handed down to me to match some of the stuff in my room. Decent quality and easy to remove and wash
Crush something today. This is an excellent value and will be an excellent addition to any kitchen. This is as small as I would ever want a mortar, but it is a good size for most jobs
Sturdy!. These cups are larger than they appear!  And very strong and sturdy - a thick ceramic.  I use them every day to microwave eggs, etc.
great everyday grill. only a short review:  this GF is better than most of the small $25 ones you can buy at local store:- it's bigger: you can throw several pieces of chicken or 2 to 4 burgers on it- it has the hinges: warming up pizza really works well and tastes so much better than in the microwave- it looks nice (better than the white appliances)one disadvantage is the hard to clean surfaces: if you have the extra $$ get the model where you can actually take the plates out to clean them, makes it much easier...Overall, good bang for the buck
Fast and Quite but no notification. The Kettle works very well. I replaced a Phillips one I had for years which broke. I guess the only thing I would like to see on this one is some notification that the water is done. The Phillips would auto shot off and when it did, it would ring this little bell inside. The new kettle just turns of, it's quiet and you forget about it, then you have to reheat... a little 'ding' would help
Good simple lightweight bundt pan. This was the second highest rated bundt pan in Cook's Illustrated.  I used an oil/flour baking spray and my bundt cake popped out with ease.  It's lightweight but perfect for me since I only use it a few times a year
Wusthof Grand Prix Kitchen Shears. I ordered this item because I know Wusthof has a reputation for quality. I find the kitchen shears sturdy and sharp; especially appreciated are the easy-separation feature of the blades for washing and the handy lid-gripper for opening jars and bottles
HCM-6011i Review. The machine works very well. You can set the desired humidity level and the machine will turn on/off to maintain that level. It works very nicely with today's forced air systems and thermostats that measure the humidity level. The correct humidity in the air makes for a very comfortable heat in your house
Essential Accessory for Some Calphalon Cookware. This Calphalon Suede Panhandler is an essential accessory for use with the original line of Calphalon Professional Hard Anodized Cookware because this line has chrome plated iron handles that get hot to the touch. I use the suede panhandler with omelette pans and saut pans when I don't already have a Calphalon cool-grip on the handles
Handy size and attractive. I recieved one of the 3 of these containers that I've ordered to date.  I hope that I will get the other two as they are a handy size and pretty, as plastic storage containers go.  I do like the tops, which seal easily and tightly.  I think Rubbermaid makes a good quality container at a lesser price than the competition, Tupperware.  No, it doesn't carry a lifetime guarantee, but, in my gestimation, you can purchase a second or third for the price offered here, probably investing a similar amount of dollars overall.
Great quality at a great price!. I was a bit unsure of these, seeing as how cheap they were, but i can assure you that they're great products for the price.  I went in-store to bed bath and beyond to have a look, and the blue ramekins are beautiful, glossy, and well-made, all for a price that can't be beat.Also, at the 8 oz size, these are perfect for individual servings.  I've made panna cotta and individual apple crisps so far, and they've turned out great.  They're easy to clean, and they match many food colors.What a great bargain
A great popcorn popper. This popcorn popper is the best ever.  It makes great popcorn in only a few minutes on the stove.  Now that microwave popcorn is so popular, it's hard to find non-microwave poppers but this - probably the lowest-tech of all - is really the best
Black 13-gallon trash can. Finding a black trash can can be a difficult task without the internet! I was glad to have found this one that is big enough for trash accumilated by a family of 6. The foot pedal is great(works perfectly by the way) and keeps the lid closed so my 2 dogs can't get into it and spread trash all over my kitchen.Good value all around. The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is because it's made of plastic that can possibly break.Don't worry about the description saying the mouth is wide, your regualar tall kitchen bags will fit with no problem
More stable than others. Besides being heavy and bulky, putting this together wasn't too bad. Once you have the first shelf or two in place, it's all downhill from there. It's been a while, but I don't remember cutting myself. This one is more stable and squared off than another one I bought with all metal shelves--that kind of shelves can bend in the middle, and I had a terrible time getting them square!! An added benefit is the fiberboard material--I stained it dark blue and coated it with a few coats of polyurethane, so it looks really nice and the shelves will last longer. I'm buying two more to expand
Great Timer!. We liked this timer so much, we bought another, so now we have red and black.This timer is quick and easy to pick up and set. We use it all the time at home, mostly to time tasks for the kids (and us), such as to clean up the clutter downstairs, or in their rooms. The kids like it and think its fun. Its amazing how much you can get done in 15 focused minutes.Yes, its made of plastic, but I don't think it feels cheap at all. Our two work great.The instructions say to always turn the timer at least 1/2 way first, and then set it to the desired time - this ensures it is wound sufficiently to work correctly. Perhaps this is why some had trouble. If you overwind it could be a problem as well
Nice Pepper Grinder. To me, this is a cool little grinder. I can stir and grind at the same time. It's also small enough to take to the beach on picnics or camping. Some petite hands may not be able to grind with one hand, but it's still a cool grinder.Fresh ground pepper anyone
Not as bad as everyone says. The first time I used this waffle maker I was very disappointed and regretted the purchase. However, I gave it another chance. The second time I used the recipe that came with the instructions and the waffles turned out great. My husband said they were even better than the ones I used to make. To avoid the waffle breaking when lifting them out, I lift part of the waffle slightly with a knife and slide a round wire rack under it
Superb, gorgeous cookware. This Kitchenaid stainless, 5 ply cookware is the best on the market in my opinion.  It is superior to ALL-Clad in appearance and performance.  I've noticed you rarely find this particular Kitchenaid cookware (again, the 5 ply set) side by side with All- clad in a store.  I suspect the All-Clad vendor would not want people to see a close-up direct comparison of the two.  Though a tidy sum, this Kitchenaid set is significantly less that the equivalent All-Clad. The heat is very well distributed, and the mirror finish is gorgeous.  These pans have substantial weight also. I really can't recommend them enough!
Best Buy. This unit performs as well as those costing twice the price. Can't imagine why anyone would want to spend more
Just what I wanted!. A great ice cream maker. No prefreezing bowls. It is loud so plan your ice cream making accordingly - you will not want to be in the same room as this thing when it is going unless you are already deaf LOL!The price of this remanufactured unit along with the Amazon discount running at the time brought it to 125 with no shipping fees. Try to get that on Ebay!This unit stays on my countertop at all times and attracts much interest from visitors. The ice cream is wonderful - I recommend Ben and Jerry's cookbook and a good ice cream scoop. Replacement parts can be found on the manufacturer's website and are reasonably priced.
Stemless champagne glasses. These are so lovely!  They are very fragile..befitting the contents!  Even nicer that I had imagined when I ordered them
Best hot water out there. It's fast, reliable, and so far durable. It's great fun (and useful) to be able to see the water level and the water when it's boiling. Looks great and does a great job.Negatives:I have a fear that refilling it when it's hot will crack the glass, but so far fear's unfounded.It's offgassing some odd hot-plastic smell, but that's gotten much better over the 2 months we've had it.
So far, so much better!. This is the 6th coffee maker I've owned in three years, falling in the middle of the purchase price range. It has finally brought peace to my household, since I no longer spend the first five minutes of the morning wiping coffee puddles off the counter. I also appreciate the fact that Cuisinart included a gold filter with the unit. Furthermore, unlike my previous two coffee makers, this one's 3-beep completion alarm is not overly loud or obnoxious. This model's biggest drawbacks, for me, are the difficulty reading the internal water level gauge, and the fact that the lid can be tricky to reattach. I can live with those inconveniences, though, if the coffee maker continues to function properly and doesn't start leaking
Great functional design. This ladle is large enough to handle very chunky stews and soups and works wonderfully.  The shape makes pouring easy and it doesn't drip.  It has a comfortable handle, and the flat bottom makes it easy to rest in the pan or to wipe the bottom off on the edge of the pan.  It fits easily into my utensil holder or the dishwasher. Definitely the best ladle I've owned
Does Exactly As Expected. I was looking for a quick easy sweeper that was for small clean up jobs. I knew it didn't have suction and worked off of motorized brushes. It works exactly as I had hoped and makes picking up easier and faster. This is not for whole house vacuuming. It's just for small, quick jobs. Perfect for what I needed it for
Wonderful purchase for Oregon winters!. As a single Mom who exercises frugality with my finances, finding flannel sheets @ $5.99 from Amazon I was very impressed.  Last year I bought a set of Jersey Knit sheets from Fred Meyer which shrank horribly the first time I washed & dried them, they didn't even cover my full size mattress well.My Pike Street sheets were washed in tepid to warm water & then dried on the cotton setting of my Kenmore dryer without any shrinkage!  (Downy in the rinse water! :-)    )  No pilling on the flannel!  With our cold winter weather at night below 20 degrees at times, I was thrilled with the price & the high quality of the cotton & weight of the fabric.  I'll definitely buy a 2nd set of Pike Street Flannel sheets.   Thank you!    --Lisa Lanphear-Cordova/ Klamath Falls, Orego
Medium ball - my Casey's fav toy. I love this toy - and so does my corgi boy, Casey. I always get the medium toy. Unlike the other review, the ball usually lasts about 3 months for us. He is tough on it ("kills" it, plays tug with me), but he doesn't actively chew to destroy it. This is the only toy I've found that he doesn't completely destroy within the day.I love it because I can get a good grip on it when he brings it to me. I have one that we leave outside, and one inside. The day is not done until we play with that ball.
great bargain!. This set is remarkable for the money.  cups AND saucers rather than just mugs, and the quality of the fiesta label indicates how beautifully made the dishes are.  and--cheaper at amazon than macy's
The last cat toy you'll ever buy!!!. I have two cats and they absolutely LOVE this toy! The cat charmer is very long so even when you're sitting, just wave the charmer and they'll chase it. Other toys have feathers that can be pulled out, but not the cat charmer - it's attached very well to the wand. In fact, my cats enjoy this toy so much that they will drag it into the room to tell me they want to play! They never get bored with it
Wow - this product is fantastic!. I thought I'd give this a try for my yappy chihuahua mix.  I did not want to try a shock collar, but I was concerned that this collar would be too large for her (she's only 8 lbs).  Although it looks a little large, she doesn't appear uncomfortable at all.  And WOW did this work!  The spray stopped each barking episode on the first bark - immediately.  After the first 2-3 days,  she is barking less in general and doesn't have to wear the collar all that often.  It's been 5 days, and I don't think she will need to wear it forever.  This product has been a total lifesaver, and my dog is happy too.
WORKS PERFECTLY. I use it OVER my bedsheets to keep them clean and dry when my slobbery lab uses my bed as hers.  Works just great, stays put even over a quilt, and washes well
Cute Little Apple S &amp; P's. This Franciscan Apple Dinnerware Salt &amp; Pepper Set is adorable. I leave mine on my kitchen table all the time. They match the 3-D Franciscan Apple Teapot, and there is a set of candleholders that also match. These S &amp; P's are a must-have for the Apple collector
great!. still find it somewhat big for a dorm room (but if you have a double and are sharing the fridge this much room is probably necessary) but works great
"Out-of-date"   Is Not Always Bad. I have my neat little multi-setting timer with it's melodius little ping.  Rather, I will have ... as soon as I find the right replacement battery.  This 1950's relic (almost a twin to my very first timer) is dependable, loud enough to arouse you out of the most interesting book, long lasting, and easy to use.  I searched for it, found it, and my delight is definitely five star
Good product, fast delivery. it is good product, but it can't fit boot and man's shoes.
very good product. this is a good quality product. more deep and narrow than our old one of the same size, it fits better in narrow spaces in our little kitchen. tnx
comfy. It was a bit stiff at first, but did not take long to soften up.  We love blankets with satin-y binding, and this one is just right
Serves the purpose, worth the money. We bought this to conquer the constant dry nose/congestion from living in AZ.  We were ablet to get a 10% discount b/c the Air-o-Swiss model that we originally wanted was not available.  As far as meeting our goals, it rocks!! I (pregnant and always congested due to hormones) can now sleep without a constant feeling of needing to stand in a warm shower! We have reverse osmosis water available and when we use it, we do not notice the powder. However, when we "cheat" and use water from the tub (we do have a water softener), we notice the white powder.  We note that regardless, the cleaning indicator goes on every two weeks.  We love the features of how easy it is to fill, maintain and that it is effective for our very large master bedroom.  We also like the styling- very Star Trek!!! I love the feature of warming the mist, but without allowing an environment for bacteria to fluorish.  The silver filter does the trick- silver is used in medicine for bacteriostatic purposes.  Complaints: customer service at Air-o-Swiss never returned our call regarding the lack of clarity of instructions on preparing the silver filter.  Ideal if the humidifier is placed on a higher surface so the mist can vaporize prior to settling on the carpet.  The illumination from the frontal portion of the humidifier is quite bright- we certainly do not need any night light features in our room.  Neutral comment:  there is slightly more than a faint hum, but it is a pleasant white noise.  Overall: we are considering one for our baby's room when he makes his big debut.
NICE CHEST OF DRAWERS. I really like this chest and one reason I bought it is because it is made of rubberwood.  I have rubberwood kitchen cabinets and really like them.  This chest looks very nice in our hallway.  My daughter assembled it for me and said that the instructions were excellent, and she had no trouble figuring out the assembly.  The only negative is that the top drawer doesn't open and close perfectly, a bit of a lift needed.  But the second and third drawers are just fine.  This is an excellent product for the money
Bought a couple. After reading reviews on Amazon, I purchased this rice cooker for my mom for Christmas.  She loves it! I bought her a Salton cooker the year before and it bit the dust after a couple months of use.  In comparison, she said the non-stick surface on this cooker was a dream to clean. Once I knew it was a winner, I bought this same cooker for a friend for a shower gift.  So far, so good.  Both people I've purchased them for have been happy. For the price, I don't think you can beat it
Accent for Babys room. purschased for my granddaughter and it came fast.    easy to assemble and put the finishing touch to her room.thanks for another great dea
the perfect pan for many uses. Throw away your nonstick cake pans, this pan is perfect for cakes, pies and well almost any use in oven or stove top. Like all Le Creuset it browns food beautifully and cleans easily. I'm actually using it more on the stove than in the oven. I love this pan
Best thing since sliced bread..... We love corn on the cob at our house.  So much so that we buy frozen in the cold months.  We have tried every kind of corn holder known, from cutsie ones to toothpicks, all useless.  The Zyiss corn holders are amazing.  You never lose them, they are not dangerous in the "everything" drawer, and they hold the cob firmly.  Great invention
Works Great. Works as advertised.  Couldn't be any happier with the egg rings and bacon press
Beautiful!. Just received these as a gift.  We've been using cheaper sets for the last 10 years and finally decided to go for a more-than-$75-set to ensure we aren't replacing every couple of years!These are amazing!  I'm quite impressed with the weight of each knife and plan on adding the steak set to compliment it.  The block is made of bamboo and has a unique, classy look to it.I've cut some pretty standard stuff... (Fruit, meat, chicken, and bread), but can't believe the huge difference between these and my "chef's choice" set
Best Cat Litter Box ever owned. I recently obtained 3 cats much to my surprise!  I dreaded cleaning their Kitty Litter box every day until I got this one!  I admit I was a little skeptical at first, thinking this would never work, but I am so happy that it does because now cleaning the cat litter box is now longer a dreaded chore but one that is enjoyed.  Rolling the box over back and forth and then emptying the drawer is easy - heck it is almost fun!
Something for Everyone. There are many rave reviews here, so I won't bore you more than necesssary.  They're all true.I use the chopper all the time.  We never ate so much guacamole.  That's my favorite part.My husband uses the blender daily for his protein shakes.My sister the chef, and my dear friend, use the whisk attachment all the time.  Omelets, cream, etc.You can't lose with this set
The best DVD tower. For quite a while I had been looking for a certain type of DVD rack/tower...then one day in Target I was looking at the Mission collection and saw the box (no display). It is exactly what I had been looking for. Slapped on the two foot ends and done! Perfect fit for DVDs, 20 fit across and if you have a lot of the cheapy DVD cases, like the ones New Line Cinema puts out, you can fit more. I don't have the hassle like some wire racks where you can only fit one DVD per slot. I have many oversized ones. The hardwood is great too, just a few felt pads on the backs to not scratch the wall. If you can wait for them to go on sale every now and then...it is worth it. I am almost ready to buy a third one soon
Sleek & Gorgeous!. I love this whole line.  The White looks contemporary and matches everything.  Perfect for entertaining any time of the year.  Try one and you will end up getting the whole line
I love buying from Amazon!!!!  Every Item is Great!. I've bought numerous items through amazon, my latest the Delonghi TRN0812T Oil-Filled Radiator.  I usually just go to walmart and buy things but I was unable to leave the house and took a chance on this. WOW! Talk about fabulous!!!!  I look to amazon for anything now knowing I get the best deal with them.This radiator is wonderful and I recommend it to anyone looking for one to heat up a bedroom.  The heat is wonderful!!!  It's not on wheels and I love it this way.  The price was wonderful!  I'm an amazon fan all the way
Great product. I already own 2 of the metal version of this spatula and love it, so I bought the red and black one for my non-stick pans. I thought it would be more flexible, like the metal ones are, but that's its only flaw in my eyes. That's why I give it 4 stars instead of 5. Other than that, it is perfect. I like the thin blade and tip, which makes turning delicate items a breeze without tearing or crumpling them up like the thick plastic spatulas do. Mine did not melt, blister, or curl. I know this for a fact, because I accidently left the blade in my fry pan on high when I went to answer the phone. When I came back, the food was ruined but the spatulas was perfect. I'm here to buy a second one. :o
Very Nice. The product description and pictures left me unsure... but I took a chance.  I needed some pourers, and they looked nice.  They are.These are fairly heavy construction, and very classy looking.  The pour spout is just like it appears in the photo -- wide spout, fast pouring.  The rubber fit for both the pourer and stopper are very good, very high quality.The only thing that's not perfect is as described in the product description: it says "chromed" metal.  If you look very closely, you can see the chrome plating is almost perfect, but not quite, and not pure chrome (you do have to look very closely though).  Because you can't tell without a bright light and very close inspection, I still give this a 5 Star rating.  (If it were of higher quality, I'd be paying 2-3 times the price.)All in all, a very nice addition to the bar.  I'm buying more
Love it. Great tool rack.  We own 2 and love to have our kitchen tools within immediate reach
Great Tea Pot!. I bought this after leaving my traditional tea pot on a gas stove and almost catching my house on fire! This kettle works great, is easy to use and looks nice left out on the countertop. Just fill with water, place on base and push the "on" button. The 'Auto shut off' feature keeps me from worrying. The only thing this pot doesn't have that some buyers might want is a whistle to let you know when the water is boiling.
The perfect little bowl... I have recently become a Fiestaware addict!  I started with these cute little bowls, which I thought would be perfect for my three small children to use.  For my two year old, it is the perfect size for cereal.  We also use these little fruit bowls to serve, well, fruit at the dinner table.  I also like using these bowls for quick candy or nuts dishes when guests arrive--they really are so veratile.  They stack up nicely in the cupboard.  And the Cinnabar color is unbelievably rich and pretty.  I just ordered several new pieces in other colors too, and the Cinnabar coordinates wonderfully with the Plum, Cobalt, and Periwinkle.
Tommy Hilfiger Egyptian Luxe Bath Sheet. These are the nicest and thickest bath sheets I've ever purchased.  I would recommend them to everyone
Great platter for grilling and serving. I purchased this platter because the color is a true white that can be used with my white everyday dishes or our china pattern.  The handles make this easy to carry and easy to grab when trying to save dinner from our active toddler. The finish is sooo easy to clean, most foods don't stick to it and I can ususally soak it in plain water and easily rinse away what does stick before putting it in the dishwasher.My husband loves to grill. He uses this platter along with another oval one we purchased.  We season or marinade the meat on the oval platter and he can easily hold onto it with the handles when taking burgers, hot dogs or steaks out to the grill. After he gets the food on the grill when it finishes cooking we use this square platter to take food off the grill and bring it inside for serving.Having two platters with different shapes eliminates the worry over food contamination.  Grilling is steaks and burgers does not allow enough time to run the platter that came in contact with raw meat throught the dish washer (my dad who was a butcher taught me to always do this) so we can use it to serve.  Having platters with two different shapes ensures that there are no mix ups so we always use the oval shape for raw meat and the square shape for cooked meat.This is a great option especially for the price
Alot of power. This mixer has a little too much power for my needs.  Even at its lowest setting, the batter flies all over
Never disappointed. This was an item that I had used before. I have expanded and needed a few more. Item is easy to assemble and was just what I expected. Great Value for the money
best  bang for the buck. I've owned three Sharp Carousel's and never been disappointed.  This one is the best yet, defrosting a pound of hamburger quickly AND without cooking ANY part.  Popcorn perfect as well.My last Sharp was 1200 watts but this one seems to cook better.  The only reason I replaced the old one was a lighting strike took out the display.  My wife took the old one to work which was a SUBSTANTIAL upgrade over the one with a dial to spin.Only con, all our appliances are white and this one is black only
Love this waffle maker. My kids just loved these wafflesticks. I doubled the basic recipe using 3 whole eggs and they were a hit. The maker is easy to clean, browns nicely (I used setting 4)  It's a nice size...not too big and stores compactly on it's side.It's too bad Cuisinart is discontinuing it.
Crank It Up. I purchased the Honeywell HFS641P a little over a month ago and I am very pleased with the choice.  I also purchased a Soleus fan with remote for my roommate.  I bring them both up, because they are both terrific fans depending on your likes.  The Honeywell is very powerful and moves a lot of air; this fan is louder because of it.  The other fan is much quieter, but doesn't push as much air.  I am happy with mine because I don't mind it being a little louder- and in my case with my window facing a well travelled road the sound is enough to drown out the traffic noise, while not being a nuisance.  If you want much quieter, Soleus seems to do a great job
Is this Cast Iron?. Is this a cast iron grill
could be better. The shower curtain is nice.  Sunlight from the window brightens the bathroom nicely.  The window should be placed higher in the curtain for more privacy
columbia heavy weight towels. Awesome.super absorbant.just what i wanted. i would definately purchace this product again
I Love It!. Great pan!  It makes cooking fun again!  Super non-stick and very heavy duty.  Lifetime warranty but I don't think I'll be needing it for a long time.  The only thing I don't like is that the sides are too short
Great grill and very nice presentation. This is a great grill pan because it leaves perfect thin grill marks and the shape accomodates almost any slice of meat desired. The pan works well to start with grilling, then transfers to the oven for finishing, and straight to the table for a sizzling presentation. Since it is oval shaped, it looks more like a platter than a pan so it is really well suited to serve from
Phenomenal!. It's the end of those big bulky oven mittens forever. Flexible, comfortable,  and a cool hand in the hottest environments.  I couldn't be more pleased.
CALPHALON are the best!. Bought this set a little over 6 months ago. I've never had any problems. I love all Calphalon products as they deliver what is promissed on the box.Recommend! I just ordered another one from AMAZON. Hope it's the same quality!
attractive and functional. Beautiful and solid, this cd storage unit arrived quickly and in perfect condition.  Its simple, clean lines perfectly match our aesthetics.  Now that our cd's are organized, we listen to them more, since it's easier to find what we've got.  Our only challenge is to find exactly where to put it since you need ample room on either side to open the deep doors with the cd's in them.
Works great with some cats. I'm the president of a cat rescue group, for Ragdolls. While it's hard to tell if it works on some cats, we've had great success, using this with aggressive & scared ones. We can tell when it's getting low, from the actions of one aggressive cat, in particular. It's definately worth trying!
Humidifier Filter. I needed new filters for my humidifier & Lowe's (where I bought the humidifier) does not stock them. When I went online to try to find them, I was directed to the amazon site for purchase. Timely receipt was much appreciated
Great glasses. Solid, heavy, very usable glasses. Good, old-fashioned quality, and they go perfectly with the white Oneida XXL dinnerware
Cute table. It's a nice little table for the entry hall.  Putting it together was easy - the instructions are easy to understand drawings.  All the screws and bolts were in the box, and easily identifiable.  It's sturdy and looks just like the picture.  The little drawer could be a little bigger, but otherwise I'm very satisfied
Great pan at a good price. Nice pan, with the style and quality you expect from NordicWare. Only thing is that it's 9" square, not 9" x 11" as advertised. The folks at Amazon.com must have included the handles of the pan in their measurements, LOL
Riedel Glasses. I like good bourbon (Jack Daniels Single Barrel) and have found out that it tastes even better from these Riedel glasses.  It is remarkable to take a taste test; it is almost unbelievable.  We also have Riedel wine glasses which we enjoy as well. Riedel is a good value for people who enjoy good booze
Very Good. It really works good and it's fun to use. The waffles come out just right and I love it
Very good for carpet. Hardwood floor attachment is poor. But very good  for Carpet
Krups 472-00 Duofilters, Two Pack. Makes the best coffee we have ever had.  We have been using this filter for about 5 years
Great Little Gizmo!. This can opener is fantastic! not only is it portable after charging, there is no need to leave it on the countertop. Just put it a drawer. I was amazed at how easy it was to use. I had been using a hand held manual opener.The only draw back I can see is once you start opening a can with the GIZMO, you can not stop it until can is completely open. For people with Arthritis and the elderly the Gizmo will simplify life for them.Since purchasing one for myself, I have since purchased several as gifts.GREAT LITTLE GIZMO
Great Product_Great Company. I just want to say I am not sure why the person who lost a piece of the product in her (Dawn Ulepich "Dawnski337" (Illinois)) haste is criticizing the company for a bad product. I have only had one problem ever with a Rival product and when I called the company, they immediately sent a new product out to take care of the problem even though it was not a product problem but rather a handling problem. I have found that they are a more than fair company and will take care of their customers. They probably would have even taken care of replacement of the plastic part (even though she lost it). It is not fair to penalize the store from which it was bought or the company that produced it because of her carelessness
The Cookie Sheet Your Grandmother Used. In my twenties I bought no less than three non-stick cookie sheets while my Grandmother (an avid baker) was still using her aluminum bakeware from the 40's. I later inherited a few of her aluminum pans and I couldn't believe the difference. My cookies were no longer crispy and brown on the outside and soft in the middle...they were baked evenly. I was also able to scub the sheet and place it in the dishwasher, something you can't do with non-stick varieties. Additionally, there is no danger of having teflon flake into your baked goods. Aluminum is tried and tested and provides professional results. Buy the right cookie sheet and buy it once!  I have both the half and quarter sheets by Nordic.  The lids make it easy to tote your baked goods to the office party too!
Waring IC70 Brushed Stainless Steel Professional Ice Crusher 12-c. I liked the ice crusher, I just wish it crushed and not chopped the ice.  I wanted an ice crusher, not choppe
This device is the greatest. Have been drinking vegetables for maybe 15 years. Started with a cheap machine. It broke right away. Spent over $200 on a very good quality masticating machine. That thing will outlast me. But I found it prohibitively difficult to clean. It made the whole process so laborious that I never used it. So finally I decided to find a good machine that was easy to clean. Let me tell you, this is it. All parts that touch vegetables are stainless steel so they do not stain. The machine really impresses with its build quality. The juice is simply delicious. I now consume many more vegetables per day than would be practical to eat and I feel great. And clean up is rediculously fast and easy. If you use the filter papers [maybe 20 come with it--order more immediately and use them], you don't scrub and the whole thing is back in place in maybe a minute and a half. Overall I have the idea this machine will last for many, many years. Bravo, Waring, you definitely got this one right!Did that help
So far, so good. We bought this to get a blender and to replace a leaky (and piece of junk) Hamilton Beach food processor. We live in a cramped apartment, so anything that saves us space by condensing or being multi-functional is highly attractive. I've already broken the blender carafe. The replacement is only $20, but note that the plastic ring at the bottom is an extra $5! It's removeable, I had no idea. Both machines have worked well, and we've had no complaints. We like to make smoothies, and this has been great at crushing ice. I've only used the food processor a couple times. I'm kind of illerate with food processors, and find hand-chopping to be relaxing
Great color match. This bathmat is a perfect match to the towels.  It is a little larger than expected and is a bathmat not a bath rug, therefore there are no rubber grippers.The mat is exactly as pictured, the weave is slightly different on each side
No bottlecap is a match for this. This is probably the sturdiest bottle opener I've ever used. It opens pretty much any bottle with ease, and leverage is easy due to its bulk and size. You probably won't ever lose it, either, since it's so big. It's definitely not for travel because of its weight, so you'll want something else if you plan to bring a bottle opener to picnics or camping trips
Glass coffee mugs. I have a set of glass coffee mugs from J Durand. I bought these because they looked the same. They are actually slightly heavier with a thicker handle. This difference is only noticable when they are side by side
Best cannister vac I could find at this price. I researched quite a bit prior to purchasing this unit.  I wanted a bagged cannister type.  Very hard to find.  The bag changes very easily.  No dust flying when changing the bag.  It's very neat.I love this vac
NordicWare Popcorn Popper. Great product!  Very pleased with quality and value!  Received quickly.
Matches my kitchen decor. Like shopping on Amazon.com.  I find everything I'm looking for. Very good service and quick delivery.  Matches the napkin holder. Looks great on my counter
be careful how you order this item!. Buyers beware:  if you want a PAIR of mitts you need to order TWO mitts separately.  Just bought this product and when my box arrived, there was only ONE oven mitt inside.  I assumed that the price I paid was for ONE PAIR of mitts not one mitt.  (I was suprised since I paid $9 to ship it and it weighs like 2 ounces).    I think AMAZON could make this clearer on their site.  Product is great
convenience (with a flaw). I've had the base & one remote sensor for four months.  Temperature is accurate and I haven't had to replace the batteries yet.  The large display is easy to read.It's nice to know the outside temperature before getting up & dressed.The flaw:  The tenths of a degree position on the base unit's local temperature is faulty.  That wasn't worth the trouble to return & replace, but it's a sign of sloppy quality control
handy. we use it to store vitamins/pills. very handy convienent, out of way and out of sun. matches decor nicely and easy to install.
pleased customer!. I was very pleased with this item and my experience with the company.  It arrived promptly and was VERY well packed.  (I ordered a similar coffee table from another company and not only did it take forever, the glass top arrived shattered.)  The table is excellent quality, great value for the price, easy to put together (about 30 minutes) and looks great
Good Chopper. The chopper works very well.  It is easy to use, and it is easy to clean up.
More to green than to tan. I ordered 2 sets of this dinnerware - had 3 destroyed plates and 2 chipped bowls out of 32 pieces.  Would like to mention that we feel the color actually has a greenish (very pale celadon) tint to it - not bad if you like green, but really can't refer to this as a true shade of tan, as "cappuccino" implies
LOVE IT. I love this little scale.  It is accurate and entirely convenient.I wish I had ordered more of them to use as stocking stuffers!terri in michiga
Works great and makes delicious espresso. I looked around at a lot of different espresso machines and found a great deal on this one.  I was hesitant to spend a little extra money on this model, but I am really glad that I did.  It makes great espresso and the occasional time that I use the frother, that works well also.  It does take a while to get the milk really hot, but it gets there.  I have used an earlier Krups model that had a different frother, and the type that is on this one is much better
great size. We use Fiestaware at almost every meal. This &quot;lunch plate&quot; size is perfect for our family's small meals. We also use them for serving desserts and other dishes. Now we're waiting for lunch plates in other colors
Another Outstanding German Kitchen Must Have!. For years I pined over the professional $100 models but I knew I never needed that much whip cream at a single dinner...but OMG when I saw this mini...half pint version at less than $40.00 I made a spontaneous splurge! I was not at all unhappy with my decision. This little thing is BRILLIANT! I will never need to hand whip cream ever again. The portion is just right for most desserts and the left overs can be used in your morning coffee or the next night at dinner for up to 14 days! You just rinse off the decorator tip replace it on the canister and put it in the refrigerator. This baby is built to last too....and did I mention it's a cinch to use and clean.  I am HAPPY HAPPY with mine
Works. Don't be fooled by imitations, this is the real deal. Works well at cleaning the air in our living room. Wish it could move the air faster though, trickles out. All in all, unit does what it's supposed to do and cleaning the unit is a breeze!
Great Choice. It is as good as I hoped it would be, and has a nice look
Extremely Comforting. This comforter will keep you extremely warm!  If you "run warm" you might find yourself waking up in a sweat, but if you get cold at night this comforter is your cure
Nice pan. This pan was purchased as a gift for my spouse and we love it. It does not stick, it looks great and all at a nice price. We have more costly pans but this one works better then all of them
Best can opener I've used. I've been using this can opener since Christmas 2006 without changing the batteries and it has worked perfectly every time.  The only thing that's keeping me from giving it 5 stars is it doesn't have a battery life indicator to let you know when the batteries are going dead.  If it gets stuck you have to use a screwdriver to manually turn the can opener.  It would be better if I knew ahead of time that the can opener wasn't going to be able to open a can
Oh What  Knife!!. This is the knife I reach for when working with fish, vegetables, and boneless poultry.  It is razor sharp, light and well balanced in the hand and easy to grip.  I find the dimpled handle to be quite comfortable most of the time.  The knife holds its edge well and a few draws across the diamond steel brings it back to a keen edge.  It is easy to clean with no gaps to catch dirt.  Criticisms? A few. The blade is delicate and should be well protected when not in use.  I would stay away from cutting through bone; the blade cannot handle it.  The shape is significantly different from European knife designs and takes a little getting used to but it is not difficult.  When I hold the knife close to the blade, the square top edge of the blade digs in to the side of my index finger and that gets old in a hurry.  So, I needed to get used to holding it lower on the handle.  All in all, I rate it "five stars" because once accustomed to the differences between this knife and the European knives, this knife performs magnificently.  Its light weight and thin sharp blade make it easy to control and thin, consistent slices are made easy
Zelco Rubberneck Clip Light. Very nice and handy product, I whish the light was little bit more and brighter
Temperature control a big plus. My wife wanted this model of dehydrator because of the temperature control feature (most dehydrators don't have it) and it turns out that's a pretty important thing to have.  We're still experimenting with temperatures/times for different foods but there is definitely a fine line between too hot and just hot enough.Would be five stars for this model if it had a timer built in too (the other important factor in drying being time)
Great Little Dishes. Although I received these dishes in error (I had ordered the oval ones, but Emile Henry mislabeled the box), these little baking dishes are great!The first thing I cooked in them was a vegetable au gratin dish and  they performed beautifully in the oven and went straight to the table because of their good looks.  They hold up very well in the dishwasher, even with repeated  cleanings. (To be on the safe side, I place them on the top shelf.)  They also make great plates for small meals (e.g., two eggs and bacon).I am very pleased with these baking dishes
It delivers when you need hot water. I have had this for a month and use it at least twice a day. It works like a charm and delivers hot water quickly. I love it that it shuts itself off when the water comes to a boil
Very practical!. These may not be a cute as the tabletop salt and pepper shakers (the smaller round ones) but let me tell you that having the handles makes a world of difference when it comes to cooking.  You know the moment that I am talking about....your hands are covered in whatever you are making (flour, butter,chicken juice, ect.) or they are already pre-occupied by the spoon, oven-mitt, pot, or pan you might be tending to but you still need a little more salt.  What do you do?  You grab the handle...thats what it's there for, and you need not worry about it slipping out of your hands and onto the floor or into your food
Best home coffee maker. It will not make a latte but if you want a good cup of coffee in less time it takes to brush your teeth this it it.Ps. I have had other coffee makers that start with B and sell for over 100.00 and it just made it past one year. this Bunn will last many years to come and just think they make replacement parts. The last coffee maker I will ever buy thank you BUNN
Excellent Combination. After skimping and purchasing lower end vacuum cleaners for my condo in recent years, I decided that the Hoover name with the features and price tag of this model was the next logical step.  Well, I am very satisfied with the results.  The power of this vacuum cleaner gets the job done and I no longer have to go back and pick up remnants left from the cheaper models previously owned.  The delivery was quick and the combination of Hoover and Amazon have solved my vacuuming problems.
Convenience worth the price. I'm not sure the manufacturer would appreciate this, but they are great for measuring pet food.  The long handles allow me to scoop the correct portion out of the pet food jug without trying to fit a traditional measuring cup through the opening or pouring into the traditional cup and spilling
We like it!. I ordered this for Easter, unfortunately I forgot about it the day it came and my son was expecting a scooter, so when we got an Amazon box, he opened the chocolate fountain.  I have 6 kids and the chocolate fountain news spread like wild fire!  They were so excited!!!!  A couple days later, we started it up and were pleased with how well it worked.  It's easy to put together, we did it without the directions (we couldn't find them at the time, had looked at them to get ideas for treats and didn't put them back in the box).  The cleanup is messy, but everything except the motor/heat part is dishwasher safe...so that's easy also.  We used chocolate chips melted in the microwave with oil.  Worked well.  When we were done, we dumped the melted chocolate into a bowl with a lid and next time reheated it in the microwave before putting it in the fountain, worked great.We used bananas, apples, oranges, strawberries, pretzels, graham crackers, vanilla wafers, animal crackers and some other things I don't remember.I recommend using toothpicks instead of the skewers!My favorite part of this normally $29.99 fountain is I bought it on sale for $10.99...YEA
Art Glass. These are my all time favorite wine glasses.  I reach for them fist, especially with an extra good bottle of wine.  The price is right and much less than other brands of similar quality.  They are light weight and the shape is perfect for swirling.  Buy these, you won't be disappointed.
The BEST!. This particular foil cutter is the BEST!  It's flexible and will adapt to any shape or size neck of the bottle, and is easy to use and cuts 100% of the foil 100% of the time.  I recieved one as a gift and didn't appreciate how good it was until I thought I'd lost it.  I got another foil cutter (the rigid round kind) and hated it.  I got another foil cutter (the rigid oval kind that you have to juggle around the neck) and I hated it.  There was a foil cutting knife on one of my corkscrews but it was dangerous and erratic in my hands. I searched department stores, liquor stores, etc. and didn't have the good luck to find another one of these...having lost the one, I didn't know a brandname and the clerks looked at me like a madwoman when I tried to describe a "flexible horseshoe thingy" to them.To make a long story short: the happy ending is that I found my original foil cutter in a knapsack pocket and now I can live happily ever after.  But THIS is the make and model that I had searched and searched for:  in my humble opinion, the BEST
Antares Galaxy Series Vacuum. After hauling around my very heavy Kirby for 14 years I am so happy with this compact, light-weight vacuum cleaner.  It does such a thorough job and is so quiet it doesn't scare my poor weenie of a dog. I highly recommend this vacuum cleaner.
OVGLOVE. Very satisfied with the order and service.  I would certainly recomend the use of this supplier to anyone wishing to purcase from them
Topsy Turvy II - Upside Down Tomato Planter - Use and Learning. A great product
Serves its purpose well. I purchased this microwave as an addition to my dorm room. I would have liked a high-powered microwave, but restraints on space and money stopped me. For the price and for the size, this microwave works rather well. There are some extra functions, but I just use the regular microwaving. The only thing that I do not like about the microwave is that its internal rotating dish is not very stable, and is prone to shifting off its base with even a slightly unbalanced load. Even so, it was a worthwhile purchase
Great idea!. This is a round 12" counter protector/cutting surface.  It has a raised edge to prevent food from sliding off and liquids and juices from spilling.  Can be used as a tray for chopped veggies & dips.  Dishwasher and Microwave safe
A very good buy for the money. I bought this set to go in my remodeled bar/billiards basement.  They are very sturdy, color is great, however the backs of the stools make the seat area so small that larger people will feel uncomfortable when seated.  I am now using them without the back and very satisfied. If you don't need the back, order the model without
Love it. Looks great, just what I wanted -- I can't believe I have filled it up already (I feel like such a chef
Perfectly designed for serving as well as decanting. I've had mine for years and it outshines every other decanter I've ever owned or used - in performance as well as beauty at the table.Most decanters are fairly easy to fill but very hard to pour.  Guests are often reluctant to tip a traditional, bell-bottomed decanter far enough to pour from it.  Before the first trickle of wine comes out, it feels like they're holding it upside down and about to dump it all over the table.  Traditional decanters also require some strength to lift high enough and twist far enough to begin pouring, especially when reaching across the table.  I've often seen people start, put down the decanter and stand up to get a safer grip.  This is awkward to say the least.The "duck" is MUCH better on every count.  The long handle balances perfectly in the hand; pouring with minimum effort and still stable enough to pass down the dining table with confidence.  The low, elongated body of the decanter doesn't have to be picked up nearly as far off the table or tipped nearly so dramatically to fill a glass.  The size of the handle makes reaching, pouring and passing a simple matter.Notes for wine purists: Unlike the traditional shape, you'll never need a funnel to fill the "duck" without splashing.  The surface area of wine in the duck is easily comparable to the best traditional decanters, giving big young wines enough oxygen to soften nicely at the table.  The long neck has just enough "edge" at the bottom to trap sediments.  The long spout allows you to spot any trace of sediment well before it reaches the glass, and the gentle slope lets you pull back softly without inducing turbulence that stirs sediment back into the remaining wine - helping salvage that final half-glass.  Pour control is simply unmatched.The crystal is hand-blown and sparkles like fine stemware, and the shape looks much more elegant on the table than the photo on any web page can possibly convey.Spend the money.  It's worth every cent
GREAT LIGHT & HEATER!. I wish that I bought this light from Amazon.  Could have saved some money, but it was purchased from a pet store near home.  It was the last one & I'm glad I grabbed it when I did.  My betta is so comfortable, didn't think that it would keep the water so evenly heated.  Highly recommend this product!!  Will gladly purchase another one when it's needed
Great rug pad. This is a very thick, durable rug pad -- you won't find a price this good anywhere.  It's not one of those cheap pads with no cushion
great dish for college students. i've got one of these floating around my house (without the lid) with the other "common" (shared) dishes.. and i have to say, everyone loves this one. i think it's great b/c of the handle, more than anything else. college students like handles on their dishes
Love this jar!. Huge glass jar! Fits all my flour and leaves plenty of space for a cool scoop
Great!. A little large to keep in a cabinet, but I found the room.  This is a great slow cooker
Finally, sharp knives. I've been wanting a knife sharpener for decades but just couldn't justify spending over one hundred dollars on one when, wa la, I discovered the Wusthof 2904 model on Amazon!  It's so easy to use and, while the scissor sharpener does take some practice, it's wonderful to have useable kitchen shears and regular scissors once again!Sheryl, California
A Steamer of Many Uses. I purchased 4 2-tier bamboo steamers. They were reasonably priced and appeared virtually identical to another higher priced bamboo steamer. The steamers arrived in excellent condition and were put into service immediately. There was a recipe on the box for steamed pork dumplings which sounded yummy but I haven't tried to make dim sum yet. There were also instructions on how to care for the steamers. However, I purchased the bamboo steamers primarily as storage containers. Martha Stewart recommended using bamboo steamers as a much prettier way of storing vegetables and fruits, onions, potatoes, peaches, etc. that don't require refrigeration. Keeping produce in brown bags looks tacky. I placed two of the steamers in the garden window right over my sink. If you don't have a lot of shelf space, you can stack the baskets into a 3 or 4 basket tower. The other 2 steamers will be used in the pantry for the same purpose. The only limitation I have encountered in using the steamers for storage is that the produce can't be oversized, larger produce fits easily in the top basket with cover but only small to medium size produce fits into the other baskets.Fortunately, I like small potatoes, apricots, etc ... And, yes, I do plan on making dim sum some day
Olive Bottle. Very nice bottle for a great price. Received item really fast.Thank
good support. This neck pillow offers considerable support under the neck---bought it to replace an old one that had become thread-bare...husband uses it all the time.
Love this pot!. I really love this pot.  It is perfect for spaghetti, fettucine and especially lasagna noodles, which come out nice and straight.  It is quite versatile--not just good for pasta cooking.  This pot is not too heavy but solid, has nice silicone handles, and is easy to clean.  I also own the 5-qt. oval saute pan with a glass lid, and the lids of these two pans are interchangeable.  I'll use the glass lid for watching big batches of chili, stew, soup or marinara sauce without having to open the lid.I happen to have a ceramic cooktop with a bridge burner and these oval pans work great on that, but I have also found they both cook quite evenly even on my regular large burner.  I recommend both this and the 5-quart oval saute pan
Time flies, you can't, they fly too fast!. This timer is great. Light enough to wear around when you do your 15 minutes of cleaning and FLYing!Keeps excellent time. Magnet is good to put on fridge, or on any metal cupboard.I love it! best for the $$
Nice Waffle Maker, Yummy Waffles!. I got this last Christmas for my husband and we love it!  As with many appliances there is a small science to it, but it's more of a trial, error, and learn experience.  After a few tries you will know how much batter to put in, and about how long they need to cook.  The light on the waffle maker is (I would say) 95% accurate when it comes to telling you when the waffles are done, however, if your cook's intuition is telling you the waffles should be done, they probably are.  Overall though, it is a wonderful, easy to use waffle maker that is much used in our home and I am very pleased with it
Great cutting board!. I've had this board for about a year now and I can't complain.  Have had others that have warped and looked bad in about the same time.  Best brand name for cutting boards
Don't believe anything bad about this product!. This is the best, most beloved item in my kitchen!!!I only wish I had bought the grinder and all the different cups (which I am going to now add on).I read some of the other reviews---and at first I was also disappointed with this blender.  Now that I have learned how to use it, I LOVE IT!!!DO NOT put Protein powder into it first, it will get stuck in the bottom of the cup which you invert onto the blades (When you invert it, the bottom becomes the top).  If you put liquid in first and then the powder there's no problem.  You have to learn how to use it.  You will want to put the frozen fruit in last if you are making something really thick.I read the reviews here before I bought mine and a woman said hers was junk but I went ahead and read the rest of the reviews and decided to buy it.  If mine breaks in a year, it will have been well worth the price.  I use it every day and sometimes three times a day.  On a hot day when I want something slushy and cold, I'll put in orange juice with some strawberries and ice---in a flash you have a refreshing drink.  It's fabulous.I could use my Cuisinart, but this blender is so easy and quiet by comparison.  There are no buttons to push, you just fill the cup with your juice (I often add protein powder) and something frozen (Ice or frozen fruit) and screw on the lid (which have blades in it) and put it on the blending base and twist.  You can either twist and pusle it, or twist and leave it to blend on its own.  Then you take the lid off, rinse, and that's it.I love hummus and I will never make it in the blender because you have to dig it out and most of it gets left behind.  With this gadget, you fill the cup, blend it, then screw off the blade lid, screw on the refrigerator lid, and that's it.  Nothing to scrape, just put it in the refrigerator.  (Oh yes, you do have to rinse off the blade lid, that's the whole clean-up).If you like frozen drinks or sauces you blend, this is a great gadget!!!  I live in two places and I am getting another one for the other place, but I'm buying the complete set this time
My Cats Like It. Now they can feed themselves! Instead of having to open a can of food for them, they can now just go over to the dish and munch on this dry food at any time they choose. And they do choose for themselves. This brand and flavor and a few others half worked out well.
Fiestaware canister. It's Fiesta ware what's not to love!  Couldn't find this one anywhere else
Such a  handy tool in the kitchen. I had a small version of salad shooter, it was great, used it for so many years, but now the blade was dull, and I kind have to push the veggy into the machine to be cut them. I decided the next salad shooter I buy should be slightly larger. So I bought this salad shooter professional series, which is great, having some features that are so important in a kitchen where cooking takes place almost every day: multiple cones to change, large feeding place for the veggy, fast, light, eassy to clean including in the dishwasher,still small enough to store in small spaces,efortless to cut and shread your veggy, no need for knife and cutting board.What I like the most about this product is the fact that when I put veggy in it to be cut, shread..., the machine almost vaccum them in to be cut, so I do not have to push it in, probable du to sharp blades an fast speed of rotation of the blades. This way your work is done in no time.In my oppinion it is a tool you must have in the kitchen.
The best spatula ever!. It is the best spatula that I have ever used even though it is made in China. However, Kuhn Rikon is a Swiss company and a label on the spatula says Kuhn Rikon Switzerland. I used to buy Rosle utensils and other kitchen accessories until I discovered that Rosle moved its manufacturing to China. It is also hard to decipher Rosle labels to find out where a particular item was manufactured. On this spatula, the label Made in China was stuck on to the handle and it was easy to remove.I would not have purchased this spatula if I knew that it was made in China, but then I would have missed on the opportunity to test it. It is flexible but not too flexible, just right for lifting heavier pieces of food without dropping them back into a skillet or on to a cooktop or somewhere else. It is well designed. The handle is very comfortable. Now it is the most used spatula in my kitchen
perfect for pie. the dish is great for pies and even just baking casseroles in. it is much deeper than i thought it would be, and if you are using pre-made pie crusts like the pillsbury kind, it isnt quite enough to fit the dish. some stretching may be required, but it all tastes good in the end. its a pretty dish and was a big hit at both my family's and my boyfriend's family's respective thanksgivings.
Great product. I love my new Alfi Albergo Carafe.  Nice quality, liter size works well, and the tea filter is great.  We have been amazed that it holds the heat as long as twelve hours on occasion.  Great product
Great Dinnerware. We bought a set of these in dark blue and just love them!  They are beautiful on the table and go right in the dishwasher after dinner.  With so many things being made in China these days, it is refreshing to find a high-quality product like this that is made in France.  My only complaint, and it is minor, is the paper labels are incredibly difficult to remove from the back of each plate.  You need to allocate 1 to 1 1/2 hours to scrubbing with mineral spirits to do a whole set of dishes.  Since these plates are so fabulous, I decided to award five stars despite the label issue
Good for the price. I have been using these knives for about a month now. For the price I think they are a good value.  I like the block they come with as it doesn't take up much space on my counter top and looks nice sitting on the countertop.  They have done fine in the dishwasher as I was a little concerned it might affect the handles.  Considering the price I paid I think the quality is good for the money
The best knife I own!. I do a lot of cooking, and this knife is one of the best cutting knives I have. I use it to chop vegetables, peel apples, potatoes, etc. It is very sharp and has lasted a long time. I even prefer to use it over any of the larger knives I have.
Perfect Dinner. I used this for the first time this week.  I wanted something rustic, so I decided to braise turkey thighs with some root vegetables.  Preparing the dinner was almost as good as the finished product.Because of All-Clad's technology, I didn't have to turn the range above medium to sear.  There was ample space for browing both turkey parts.  Adding color to the veggies was a quick process.  Deglazing was very easy because the bottom was so roomy.From the oven came evenly done, tender and juicy turkey thighs. Clean up was easy.  Wiped it out and put it in the dishwasher.  Didn't even need to use any polish.My next task for this pan is a frittata
Cal King Waterproof Mattress Cover. Cal King sheets, etc are extremely difficult to get in the stores OUTSIDE of CALIFORNIA.... this was just what I saw in Mervyn's in LA.... a couple dollars less than retail.  Arrived promptly.  Washed it as soon as I got it and no shrinkage.  SUCH A DEA
dishtowel. It's as absorbent as advertised and the color is much better than the photos
Grape Napkin Holder. Absolutely love my grape napkin holder!Its of nice weight and good quality.I liked it so much.....after it arrived....I ordered the grapesalt and pepper shakers and liked that as well
Great purchase!!. We didn't need another "appliance", so this was a great choice.  Heavy pan and lid, makes great panini and washes up easily
Wow!. The photo does not do this piece justice! My jaw dropped when I first pulled it out of the box. The color is beautiful, as is the styling, it feels good in hand, and is as sturdy as Fiestaware's reputation. I haven't however, used it yet, but from years of experience with this company's pieces I'm betting on it's efficiency
tasty rice and excellent porridge. my family used to have a tiger rice cooker that costed about 90 bux 10 years ago. It finally broke down after years of service and i was in the market to get a new rice cooker.I am asian, and rice is important. the bottom line is very simple: this is a rice cooker, and it sure makes goooood rice.To me, good rice means: fluffy, sticky, and evenly cooked. this rice cooker accomplishes all quite well.with a typical cheap rice cooker, the outer edge of the rice pot is soggy due to water condensation. this rice cooker overcomes this problem with a nicely designed lid which ensures even cooking to every singe grain.the porridge function is especially nice. if you ever cooked porridge before, you probably had to keep a very close eye on it since the starch tends to form layer of bubbles which will spill over if the heat is too high.with this cooker, simply press the button and forget about it, and so far my porridge came out perfect every single time.few complaints:1. size. this is a HUGE rice cooker, and it's not very aesthically pleasing.2. the innter cooking bowl is little bit thin and filmsy to my standard. the cooking bowl is made of aluminum with a non-stick coating. aluminum distribute heat extremely well (second only to copper). i think Zojirushi should have made this bowl studier and heavier.3. price, 20 pounds of premium sushi grade rice cost 11 bux in asian supermarket. this rice cooker costs 120 bux. little bit on the expensive side.overall speaking, tasty rice and i recommend it
Happy Camper. The product has served me well.  It performs as advertised, no rings and no cold fingers.  It has a nice feel.  I have tried similar products and they cracked and leaked after a short period.
Fabulous Product!. This juicer is fabulous!  I use it to make orange-carrot juice like they make at Jamba Juice.  It takes only minutes and comes out delightfully refreshing!  Be sure you clamp the lid on correctly, otherwise the machine will not be properly balanced.  Also, wash immediately to avoid a clumpy mess.  Enjoy
Maxy's favorite. My cat loves this.  He usually gets bored very quickly but he would play with this for hours.  Unlike other review my batteries only lasted a week. I bought a set of duracels and they also only lasted a week.  Batteries are costing five dollars a week.  But it's worth it, Have tried all the different figures but the best is the pointer finger.
Heavy duty and elegant. This set is outstanding. The dinnerware is heavy duty yet eye catching. It has very neutral colors and can go with almost anything. Everything arrived quickly and in one piece. It was packaged very well. I was able to purchase two of these sets with free shipping which saved approximately $40.00. The price of this dinnerware set is well below any other store that I have researched and I have been looking around for a long time. I couldn't even match this price on Ebay. This is a good buy. One BIG plus is that my husband and I both agreed on this set. He originally wanted everything in a hunting theme before seeing this pattern. You will not regret this purchase. It's well worth your money and will last for many years to come
Very light weight works well. Ok, this is not a vacuum for heavy duty cleaning and deep down dirt, however it works great to pick up cerial and that sort of thing.I bought it for a freind who has fibromyalgia and she can use it easily. Plus her 2 year old can use it too when you detatch the handle! He looks adorable like He's using a vacuum just his size
Great for Backpacking. I bought this mug/french press to use when backpacking.  The outdoor stores sell something similar, but made out of plastic.  I was willing to accept the extra weight for the extra durability.  Plus the plastic ones can't be used as a mug.This thing makes GREAT coffee.  Simply add some grounds, pour in some hot water, wait five minutes, and drink.  In addition, this mug keeps the coffee hot for quite a while.  I nurse my coffee, and it stayed hot until I was finished.I highly recommend this product
Its beauty is more than skin deep. A friend says the stainless contemporary pots belong in MOMA (Museum of Modern Art) and I agree: absolutely beautiful.  On top of that, it performs wonderfully.  Heat distribution and retention is just as good as the cast iron dutch oven I can no longer use on my glass-top range. This is a great size for soups and stews and a big "mess" of Southern-style green beans  can simmer hour after hour with little moisture loss, thus no sticking.  I intend to purchase more of this line
works great for the price. This is a great small appliance that I grown to l with only two uses.  Though it says that it has a 2-pound capacity, I found that I needed maybe a pound more to get the flow right - more might be needed still.  Clean up is a little tedious as there's more oils in the chocolate used, but a silicon spatula and a sink full of a good dishwashing soap did the trick.  Also, I noticed that it does shake/vibrate a little once the motor turns on, could be out of balance.  Great for small parties.  I can understand why some fountains have stainless-steel 'trees' - the chocolate will stay warmed throughout the whole process of falling and being pushed back up.  Apparently, it can be used for cold sauces (motor with no heat) and without the fountain attachment as a warming basin (heat only) - I have yet to try these options. I would recommend this product.
Great Grill for the Money. I purchased one of these Super Pro Grills and the Side Firebox this past week and used it yesterday to make the best pulled pork shoulder I've ever smoked.The grill was fairly easy to put together, and I was able to do it by myself contrary to the indication on the instructions.Once we stoked and started it, it proved to be a great buy- it was relatively easy to keep a low, constant temperature around 225 degrees, occasionally adding more fuel and wood to the side firebox. It does need to be watched and checked often, but is worth the effort. It retains the smoke well, even though a good amount escapes around the joints, and produced a truly enviable smoke ring on the meat.The cast iron grates are easy to clean and really make this model superior to anything I've seen in the price range. One caveat is they MUST be cleaned and seasoned properly to ensure they won't rust, but that being said they're amazing. (One good cleaning tip I got from my grandfather, who's an old hat at smoking and grilling, is to place them in a self-cleaning oven on the clean cycle when they get really cruddy, and they come out perfect  with the seasoning intact).I have only one complaint-- the first time my husband and I tried to move the grill, both of the included plastic wheels cracked around the axle, making it impossible to use them to roll the grill! I looked back over the instructions, but as I suspected, I had installed the wheels correctly. The grill was not rolled over rough terrain, just down our driveway to the backyard.We LOVE the grill itself, but need to be able to move it to different locations around the house (backyard for parties, driveway for our use). I contacted Char-Griller about this and they were very helpful, offering to send replacements. However, I think we're going to get a set of sturdier wheels from somewhere else, not relishing the idea of replacing THOSE wheels again.Overall, this is a great buy, and as an avid griller and smoker I'd recommend it as a great first foray into smoking.
Easy to use chopper. I am pleased with my recent purchase of this item.  Unit is super easy to take apart and clean.  Very easy to use.  One must bang top down hard (strong spring) to get proper rotation of items being chopped.  The bottom part can be detached, filled with item to chop, reattach top and begin chopping.  Easy, neat and compact to use.  Pressing down on the top compresses tool which moves the choppers down into the lower section of the unit and when unit is fully compressed, the red slidder button will lock the unit in the compressed state for better storage
PetSafe 6-Volt Battery Module, 2 pack. Received quickly and product was in excellent shape.  Thanks very much
Wonderful Towels. Love these towels, very nice for the price. Wash beautifully,nice plush feel, I recommend this set. I have paid a lot more for only 3 pieces, in this set there are 6 pieces, very pleased.
Best Pies Ever!. Not only do these burgundian clay pie pans look wonderful, they also bake the most perfect pies I have ever put together. The crusts come out even and just that great combo of crisp yet tender and flaky. I use Martha's pate brisee recipe, but with these pans it is foolproof! I have the big one for meat pies and 2 of the regular size for sweet pies and quiches. Wonderful
coat rack. This was easy to put together, affordable and looks great in my sun room with tons of coats and umbrella's hanging on it
Great heavy lasagna pan. This is a great looking 9x13 pan with good proportions.  It is really deep and makes a great tall lasagna.  It is extremely heavy when fully loaded with a lasagna.  Its bulk gives it even cooking in the oven, but can be difficult to get out of the oven after your lasagna is done.  I have made many other things in this pan with great results.  It is fairly non-stick and has not stained even after several lasagnas.  The enamel is fairly bulletproof.Overall I really like this pan, with its only weakness being heft.  However, that heft is put to good use in very even cooking and keeping the lasagna warm at the table.You won't be disappointed
Great Weight Loss Tool and Nice Looking on the Counter. I love this set. I held off for a long time since I thought them a bit pricy. THEY ARE WORTH EVERY CENT! I leave them on the counter and use them everyday. I am doing the Weight Watchers point diet and these are great! I measure and often just eat out of them too. The fact each cup has two measures is wonderful. I plan to get some as gifts for friends who also follow a diet. Even if you don't diet they are super measureing cups. Very Heavy duty. You will not regret getting these
An almost perfect electric kettle. Bought this on the basis of the Amazon reviews and am very glad I did.  The only thing I'm not crazy about is the funky little ring on top of the lid, which portends a breakage (one reviewer mentioned it already) though hopefully with care it will last.  It's a bit hard to remove the lid with the way the top is configured but this certainly is not enough to detract from a 5 star rating, because on the plus side the lid fits nice and tight for fast heating and safe pouring.  Just wanted to mention it because it is slightly out of keeping with the rest of the high quality.More attractive and ergonomically comfortable than expected and truly easy to pour.Mine shuts off just fine, maybe this is an improvement in design over earlier models.Love the shield behind the spout, prevents a lot of steam streaming out, minimizes splashing and completely prevents dripping.  No plastic touches the water, and the heating element is completely covered.  Excellent design.I'd say treat yourself if you want a kettle that's a pleasure to use and you're going to love to look at.  It instantly gave a nice new look to my kitchen.  How easy was that!
Great Product, Great Price. I got this 2 months ago and have really used it a lot.  It shaves the ice perfectly and easily.  It's never gotten jammed.  Plus, it's not just for ice.  I make a great Pina Colada drink by freezing crushed pineapple, pina colada drink mix, and rum extract.  Then you shave it and add it to vanilla ice cream and pineapple juice.  That was a Pampered Chef recipe from a long time ago, but it also has ideas in the instruction booklet
My Dogs Love This Stuff!. All 3 of our dogs love the various vitamin-enriched "tasty pastes" available from Kong.  Although they loved to chew on their Kongs before, we found that they really got into it when we inserted some of the paste into the cavity.  All of them go "nuts" when we put down the "pasty Kongs" for them to enjoy - and enjoy them they do!I would highly recommend all of Kong's "tasty pastes" - it's easy to use, doesn't seem to make any mess, and is a great extra treat for dogs.  Our 3 give it "2 paws up"
Awesome. I just love this vacuum. I wanted one that would pick up dog hair which my corgi mix produces in abundance. This vacuum picks it up by the shovel. Also, it has a container for the dirt that you just empty - no bags to buy. I vacuumed with my old canister vacuum THEN used this one. It was stunning how much dust and fur came up from my "clean" carpet.It is heavy, but I find if I hold the handle down and push it with the inside of my palm it moves with less effort from me. It has a wide "nose" that allows me to clean the hall really fast but which is a bit inconvenient in the living room.To sum up - buy this vacuum
Pizzelle maker. I had to wait a while as the item was on back-order, but it was DEFINITELY worth waiting for.   Very pleased with my purchase and the the lower cost thru Amazon
Not for parties, good for singles and couples. The other reviewers have pointed out the pros and cons, and they are mostly on-target.  I find this machine to be no substitute for a regular morning pot of coffee, but for breaks the rest of the day it works very well.  It is too slow to make drinks for a large group.  I find the latte, cappuccino, and hot chocolate to be very good, and you can add a shot of espresso to the hot chocolate.   The Seattle's Best discs make the best coffee for my taste, and I have not liked the tea it produces.  One drawback the other reviewers have not mentioned is that the unit should be cleaned immediately after using one of the creamer discs for latte or cappuccino.  There is always some milk left around the area where the disc sits.  I keep a glass of soapy water next to the machine and drop the little puncture device into the glass to soak--just rinse it well before using the next time.  But one must still wipe up milk from around where the puncture device sits.  Also, as other reviewers have noted, it puts a lot of overflow water into the bottom of the cup holder, and this fills up surprisingly fast.  Don't neglect to empty it frequently.We have used the Tassimo a lot since getting it at Christmas, and generally enjoyed it very much.  I am planning to move it from the kitchen to the master bath where it will be convenient both to the bedroom and a small sitting room.  I think it will continue to be used a lot in these locations
Warning - Not for ceramic top stoves!. I just received this griddle today and am SO disappointed to find on the small print on the box (and NOT in Amazon's description!) that this griddle can NOT be used on ceramic top stoves. It's a beautiful piece of cookware, heavyweight and with grease pour spouts at the edges. Exactly what I wanted, but very unfortunate that Amazon doesn't tell you that it won't work with some stoves. The warning on the box actually says that using this griddle on a ceramic stove can break the ceramic top. Probably would have given it 5 stars if I could have used it
One of my favorites. Terrific little kitchen utensil.  Flat shape makes it easy to get into and around edges of pan and the larger, easy grip handle is comfortable to use
At Last!. At last, a practical way to preserve our wine. We have tried many systems and sprays. These stoppers are durable, effective and easy to use. The best we have found! Thanks
Indestructable dog toy!. If you have a dog that LOVES to chew, then this is a toy to highly consider! I've got a pitbull that has destroyed everything he's got his teeth into, but not this toy! And he LOVES it! This has certainly saved the rest of my belongings from his formidable jaws
good product, but with a hiccup. this is a good looking, energy efficient kettle.  i love the fact that it is made of real glass (with a plastic lid). still, there is one thing you should expect: when water is boiled and you open the lid, there is a warm plastic-y smell. it does not seem to affect the taste of the water very much, but for the first few weeks at least, it is detectable. i, however, continue to use it and enjoy this product.
Super easy to clean!. I really love these pans - the size is small but that is not really a drawback because I can get 2 of them on one oven rack, so they really give me more flexibility than a larger pan.  They still look brand new after about 6 months of use and clean up so easily!  I avoid "nonstick" coatings as they always end up peeling off and I am not convinced they are safe, especially peeling, and sometimes you have to live with some sticking that way.  But with a light greasing, cookies slide right off these pans even without that yukky teflon coating that so many cookie pans have.  Definitely a winner
Very good little grinder. I like this grinder quite well. It's stylish and you can wrap the excess cord into the bottom. Of course you have to brush it off after use, just like any grinder
best damn fryer on the planet. this is a well thought out product for consumer use. easy to clean, easy to use. tried others and was very disappointed but i'm extremely pleased with this one. some advice stay away from the euro-pro
One of my dogs took this a step further... One of my dogs was only shown this once & she started using it right away, my other dog took a while. Funny story... I've had this product about a month now. Today it is raining (my dog doesn't like the rain as it gets in her face annoying her) today the doggie door was open but because it was raining she pressed the dog doorbell... she wanted me to turn off the rain, lol! Didn't work, but she tried!! I love this product & so do my dogs. Its well worth the investment & fun to train! *two thumbs up from us
E-Z-Rol Garlic Peeler - Fun!. I bought one of these a few years ago and put it away until I moved to a new home.  I just ran across it several months ago.  I introduced it to my husband who loves using it.  I bought nine more to give as gifts this past Christmas.  Everyone has told me they enjoy using it.  I like using it.  It works really well and it is easy to clean
Brita Ultra Max. Fits well on the shelf.  Only have to take it out to refill
It works. Hey, the thing opens cans.  I am not that picky.  As long as it works, I am happy
money well spent. I'm please with my coat rack.  I have several heavy jackets on it and it's sturdy as well as attractive.  I would recommend it, especially at the price
great [...]. [...]I'm not using it for big jobs, I have a 2 1/2 year old... and I use it for the occaisonal spill & cleanup and for that purpose alone it's well worth the price I paid.
Works well. It is incredible how it cleaned a corner of my room that used to have a pile of shoes in it.  When it is fully loaded, it can be a little difficult to turn.  But it was super easy to put together.  It also does not sit as high off the ground, as I thought it would.  I am very pleased with my purchase
Absolutely LOVE it!. I had been wanting one of these for a long time, as I frequently bring food to potlucks and other gatherings.  It was on sale as the "big deal of the day" so I got it.And I'm a happy girl, indeed!  The carrying case is very sturdy and holds the covered glass pan in place very well.  Since the carrying-case handle is well positioned in the center, it allows carrying the whole thing in a way that doesn't tip the food, which I really appreciate.One happy surprise was that the glass baking pan itself is 9 x 13 inches, which is standard.  The dimensions described in the narrative were for the whole thing, case and all (16" x 12", I think) and I thought I would have to adapt some recipes.  So I was glad it was the standard baking pan.Also, one other thing I love is the "keep warm pack" (it's probably really called something else) that comes with the item.  It can be microwaved and put in the inside cover and it really does keep the item warm for quite some time!  My manicotti was still steaming when I got to my destination 15 miles away (in 10 degree weather)!You may only use this sporadically, but as someone who has had a whole pan of tiramisu dump over in my back seat, I am happy I now have something much more secure to tote it in
Accoutrements Tiki Mug, Set of 4. These tiki mugs are ADORABLE! Seller shipped VERY well packaged, and they arrived quickly as well. I highly recommend these if you are a fan of the tiki craze!!
Wine glasses (Tulip shape). It is elegant looking but very fragile.We have to handle it very carefully.  Tulip shape gives a special pleasure while drinking wine in that glass.
Works great!. Works great...the doser is kind of a pain sometimes, but totally manageable.  It does a great job on the grinding and that is why I bought it.   Bought this with the Gaggia Carezza, and together they make great Espresso
Finally, Professional belgen waffels at home. I had been looking for a high quality waffle machine for several years and had given up hope of finding a unit that could produce quality results at a fair market price until I found the VillaWare V3200.  It arrived quickly and upon opening and looking at the unit I was impressed at the beautiful chrome finish and easy grip handles.  More importantly to me was how the layout of the grill section was to professional waffles that I had consumed at local restaurants.  To my surprise it was just what I had hoped for.  Deep grill patterns with a wonderful nonstick surface makes this unit perform excellent.  The unit also came with clear directions and several recipes to begin using right away.  The cooking results are very good with this unit leaving an even brown color and well cooked center throughout the waffle.  The temperature adjustment at the top of the unit is excellent to achieve the desired crispness of you waffle.  Overall wonderful for less than $30.00 dollars
Great purchase!!. We didn't need another "appliance", so this was a great choice.  Heavy pan and lid, makes great panini and washes up easily
Hamilton Beach 04161 Is the Best. I have asthma and the Hamilton Beach 04162 has both my votes. I did a lot of research and intially bought the Blue Air (which I returned the next day). The reviews indicated it was the quitest air purifier. It isn't and it cost 2 and 1/2 times the price of the Hamilton Beach. Although it supposedly has the lowest decibel level (which I do not believe), the BlueAir has an extremely irritating high whine that oscillates irregularly, not to mention an annoying bright blue light. This might be good for torturing someone, but the BlueAir is NOT quiet. The only reason I didn't buy the Hamilton Beach to begin with was because a reviewer said he could not sleep to it. ... The Hamilton Beach on low setting has a white noise effect and I actually prefer to have it on when I sleep. It's sound is soporific. The light from the Infrared can be turned off, but it is not annoying like the light from the BlueAir, so I leave it on. The infrared has elimated the mold problem we were having in our bathroom. It is very attractive, well designed, well built, doesn't way a ton, monitors the air, does not incorporated ozone (thank God), and has enabled me to sleep much better. The air is noticibly cleaner and fresher now. The bottom line is I use to get up frequently at night wiith my asthma and now I don't
FANTASTIC!. We have owned several blenders, some average and some 'professional.' None come close to power of this one. First, you can tell by the weight of it that it is well built. Metal construction and very powerful. I put whole ice cubes in the blender and turned it on. (Only one speed with a pulse on that same speed). The ice turned to sluce before I could blink. I could not believe how fast it blended the ice. It is absolutely amazing. If you are looking for sheer power for making frostys or other ice crushing capabilities, this is the one. I would have given it 10 stars if I was able. You can not go wrong with this powerhouse
Euro-Pro F1066 Deep Fryer Comments. This product is so great, it is my second one which I gave it as a gift to a friend.  They told me they love it. Good for making chinese egg rolls, spanish empanadas and much more
Mission Natural CD Tower is Wonderful. This is functional, yet very nice to look at and is extremely easy to put together.  It holds alot of DVD's or CD's and looks nice with any deco
Works for me. I wanted a stainless microwave to go on top of a stainless mini-fridge that goes in the master bedroom.  It works great for popcorn and reheating small plates of food, which is exactly what I wanted it for.  On top of that, it looks good.  But if you want a completely stainless steel microwave, keep in mind that only the top and bottom part of the door of this one is stainless.  The rest of the cabinet is a light gray colored metal.  I knew this prior to purchasing it, but I can see how the product description can be misleading to some
Great Roaster Pan. At Thanksgiving our daughter had one of these roaster pans.  My wife helped her clean up after dinner and was so impressed how easy it was to clean and how convenient the rack was to take the roast from the pan.  She needed to have a replacement for her old roaster pan before Christmas.  She is very pleased with it
Good quality + good price. I have been looking for an affordable but good coat rack for my kitchen - and this rack met all my needs, it is sturdy and it was easy to assemble.  I wish it was sold directly by Amazon instead of Target so I would saved on sales taxes and shipping - fortunately, I had a gift e-card.  I highly recommend it
Feral Cat. This product has been a miracle for my cat.  W adopted her several years ago and we were warned that she was feral.  For years she peed on our furniture at least a couple times a month.  She stayed very thin, about five pounds, just barely eating enough to stay alive.  And she wouldn't let my husband pet her at all.  Picking her up was not an option.  We had just about given up when we found this product.  I noticed a change in her almost instantaneously when we put one in our house.  She now allows us to hold her.  She eats more and weighs a much healthier 8 pounds.  She doesn't hide from my husband.  She actually lies down and purrs for loving.  And she hasn't peed on anything since we started using this product about 8 months ago.  I use two in my house
Buy Several At Once. Replacement filters for Fresh Flow Purifying Pet Fountains can be hard to find, so I recommend buying several here at Amazon.com. They use charcoal filters to keep the water fresh. Replace filter every 60 to 90 days for usage by one animal (sometimes I cheat and clean them off for an extra month). They are required to keep all the dust and small bugs that get into the water bowl
Good Fondue Fountain for the price. I saw this on Amazon for $10.99 so I couldn't resist buying it.  Overall it works fairly well.  I have only used it once but so far it works well.  I saw this same product at Target for $50 so I love that I got this on such a great deal.  I think Amazon even increased the price of this unit after I purchased it.  I have a few issues with the fountain.  First, it only does chocolate so no cheese fondue.  Second, you need a lot of chocolate to make this thing flow well.  I had to use 4 small sized bag of chocolate chips to make it flow well and I still think that was still not enough chocolate.  That means that this will mainly be used when you have a large number of people over.  Other than that, I'm pretty happy with it
The Ultimate Lasagna Pan!. I have been thrilled with the heft and quality of the Le Creuset poterie line - and this is no exception.  After years of trial and error I have found this to be the perfect pan for my lasagna.  I like to make BIG batches of lasagna, and this pan lets me feed an army.  The color and finish are flawless and that famous Le Creuset non-stick ability is in full force here.  Even after baking a big lasagna in it, washing this thing by hand is a piece of cake!So, to sum up:  Its large, it looks great, it cooks evenly, and it is very easy to clean after use.  All of that for a pretty good price too!  Highly recommended!
Quality Product. This is a well built Pizza Peel.  I gave 4 starts instead of 5 because it showed that it was in stock and would ship with 2 day delivery.  They actually were out of stock and it came a week after I really needed it.
Viva Fiesta!. I LOVE my Fiestaware & these bowls are a GREAT price! They are the cereal bowls that come in the 4 piece set.I think the other reviewer thought they would be bigger but they are exactly as they say they are: 19 oz. bowls. (I poured 19 0z. of water in just to make sure!
House on Fire? Run back and grab this!. There are very few "new and improved" consumer items that are actually new or improved in any way.  This is one huge exception.  I make jewelry, and before we got this, I was banished to the wasteland of my workroom when the family was home and watching television.  Now I can work on a project and be with the family whenever I want. I bought two others, thinking that having a spare around would be very handy. Wrong.  The tables were claimed before I finished unpacking them, and I still have to put away beads when we eat pizza.BTW, the tables collapse down to around the thickness of a notebook, and the plastic tabletop wipes off quickly and thoroughly. The only drawback is the look of the thing.  It would be worlds nicer if offered in oak or teak, instead of industial hospital-grade plastic. I for one, would be glad to pay for actual wood instead of ugly plastic or even worse, wood grain plastic veneer.Still, aside from the ugly look, this is a wonderful, practical, beloved item.  (No, you can't have mine. Go-away!
Great Pot. I have used my pot for almost a year.  I don't know why some are complaining their pot dribbles, mine never has.  Perhaps not seating the lid in place properly.  For my purposes I have never had a better coffee maker
Excellent results at a reasonable price. Buying the gallon size saves you money right off the bat. We have 3 older cats which sad to say are loosing control at times. Nature's Miracle when used according to the instructions works extremely well. We love these cats and have been part of the family for over 15 years. They are healthy but with old age it gets hard. We feel for the year or so they have left we will put up with the occasional accident, they gave a lot over their lives. This product is really worth the money and the shipping was fantastic, seems like we received it a few days after ordering. That is amazing, you usually wait for at least 10 days at that's not for sure
Best wheat grass user on the market!. I felt  compelled to write this review after reading a poor review by another site visitor. I have been juicing for many years and most certainly swear by the Waring's centrifugal juicers for most vegetables. The Waring PJE 101 is superb - very dry pulp and lots of juice!!I had been looking for  wheatgrass juicers for some time, and, had tried out a number of friends' juicers while visiting them. They are universally average. Blockages, and difficulties cleaning them just put me off purchasing one for quite some time. One lucky day, I visited a smoothie shop and saw their Omega 8003, they used it only for wheat grass. I was quite impressed wth the 8003, it was fast and in the view of those in the shop who cleaned it, very easy to manage (you just unscrew the chimney part and rinse). The staff raved about it, and not just one staff member (there are several in the shop who rotate and because I made a point of asking them about it, they shared their experiences).I bought the 8005 as a result and am extremely EXTREMELY happy with its simplicity of use, ease of cleaning and perhaps most importantly, the amount of juice it provides. Don't get me wrong, I don't use this for carrots and other larger vegetables, I use my Waring for those, but for wheatgrass (and this is why I bought it), it is the Rolls Royce of juicers
A great espresso machine for the price!. I love this espresso machine! It makes a very smooth cup of espresso and is very easy to use. There is no automatic anything with this machine so if you are looking to basically just push a button, and presto there's your espresso, then this one isn't for you. You probably will not get an automatic type of machine for under about $400. anyway. So for the price, and quality of the espresso it makes, this cannot be beat! It also takes up a minimal amount of counter space and is a very attractive looking espresso machine. This is the 2nd one I've owned: I had the same model for almost 3 years before the motor started going out. And considering I used it every day, I think I really got my money's worth. The new one I just purchased had a 2 year warrenty for labor and parts available for only $17.00, which I did purchase
Good way to transport knives. I bought this knife roll to transport my knives because I like to have them for cooking in a rented condo.  It does the trick, but it is bigger than I expected
Great Value for the price for a Vacuum. I think that this vacuum is amazing for the price and a great value.If you are looking for the best value for the money and cannot afford the Oreck or Dyson, this is the vacuum for you.I am very happy with all the attachments and the bagless make of this product.  I also have a small rechargeable Bissell for my tile floors and love it for everyday quick pickups.
Perfect for "new" bakers (& old). I bought this set for my new sister in law that is self described "non-domestic". She always burned everything and nothing turned out how it was supposed to be so when getting a better set than dollar store versions she's stepped up in her self esteem and doesn't burn as much stuff and with calphalon's even baking it's perfect for her. I will be buying more calphalon for future gifts for my sister in law, and myself
Tan Chenille Fabric Sectional Sofa Couch w/Coffee Table Ottoman. The sectional is very comfortable and appears to be well made.  My only objection is they sent the GREEN one instead of the TAN one.  Fortunately it still fits the decor
Fagor Glass Lid. It came on time in great condition. It fits more than the pressure cooker
I'm diggin' it!. I purchased a white version of this heater elsewhere about a month ago.  I love it.  It is in my daughter's bedroom, which tends to be colder than the rest of the house.At night, I turn it on to the low setting, set the temperature, set the timer, and it does the rest.  It isn't as loud as my older heater that it is replacing, and I don't have to worry about remembering to turn it off in the morning.I have since purchased a second one for my bedroom.I have not had any of the problems the other reviewer mentioned
I use these plates all the time. The Fiestaware bread tray is almost identical to the discontinued Omelet plates that Bennington Potters used to make. It is an amazingly useful design. Perfect for omelets, burritos, soup [in a deep bowl or large cup] and salad/sandwich combos, two item lunches... etc. Much better than putting a couple things on a small round luncheon plate...on this, each is able to occupy it's neat separate half of this oval plate. Oh, and lets not forget it's great as a bread plate
Loaf Cheesecake!. What a great innovation from Kaiser. I have had the regular Kaiser springform pans for years, but this allows you to slice evenly and serve beautiful slices of cheesecake. I even bake breads and cinnamon bunns in this pan. In my family we all fight over the middle one because it normally contains the most icing, but with break away sides your icing is evenly distributed. Great idea
excellent product, clean and easy. I schedule it when I am not home.  It cleans the floor automatically for you.  After it is done, it just know how to go back to the home base to recharge.  Sometime, it might be stuck in somewhere, but after 1-2 times try out and rearrange stuff.  It works perfectly.  Highly recommend it
Dehydrator is efficient and powerful. After trying smaller, less powerful, circular dehydrators, we were very happy with the performance of the Nesco model. The unit keeps the air circulation among stackable trays which leads to quicker drying of veggies in 1/3 the time of other brands. We use the four tray system, but the powerful fan could handle several more trays with the same efficiency. The fan noise is noticable, but not annoying. And the unit could be moved to a remote room if that were an issue (which it was not!) Also the metal construction of the base and heavy-duty plastic trays promise a very durable product. The candy-like dried fruits and veggies are delicious, healthy and delightful
I have always wanted one of these !!. And when it came up on my Gold Box offers, I couldn't resist ! And it is great !!  Heavy duty without feeling too heavy, this pitcher makes any occasion a bit more special !!  And it looks great in my yellow kitchen to boot !! Stylish, slightly retro and looks beautiful !  What more could you ask ?
Performs as Advertised. I have used the Aquasana shower filter for over 2 years and have been very satisfied.  You don't smell any chlorine and will likely see a difference in your hair and skin.  For me, my skin isn't as dry during the winter months.  But this product isn't perfect.  It's bulky and may not allow your current shower head to move in all directions, especially downward (toward the drain). Also, if you have a heavier showerhead you may crack the filter housing when adjusting the showerhead up and down while in use.  I'm buying my second filter housing because the first one cracked.  If you use the showerhead that comes with the filter, you likely won't run into these problems... But I'm not a fan of that particular showerhead.  Overall, this is one of the best filters on the market and any cons are outweighed by the pros
Excellent product. I have had this product for over a year and the bulb just burned out.  No cord problems, ever.  I use it every night in bed and it does not disturb my husband.  I have never had any problem with it.  It looks like, from the other reviews, that maybe I just got lucky.  Or, it's just that I have taken good care of it and never dropped it!  If I dropped it, I would expect that it would break.  I would highly recommend this product
Excellent so far. The raclette grill was easy to set up, easy to use, and easy to clean.  The base seems solid, and the stone is a nice one.  We've only used it once so far, so I'm not positive how it will hold up over time, but I was pleased with its performance.
My dog hasn't destroyed it yet!. After several sessions of tug-of-war, a week or more of our dog playing fetch and carrying this around everywhere it goes, not one part of this frisbee is destroyed.  I cannot say this for other cloth frisbees we have bought in the past.  Our dog is a one-year old Lab/Border Collie mix, and he definitely has some chompers on him.  A great purchase
A WORK AND TIME SAVER. What a work and time saver in the kitchen! I've never tried to calculate the number of hours I've spent in front of a cutting board, knife in hand, slicing tomatoes, shredding carrots, chopping lettuce. Nor do I care to be reminded of how often I've not made a dish we love simply because of the time involved in slicing or shredding.This shredder/slicer from Hamilton Beach is an amazing small appliance that prepares lettuce for tacos before I can turn around, and shreds carrots for our favorite carrot-raisin salad before I can take the raisins out of the box! Not only does it shred or slice whatever I need in a minute's time, but the result is so much more attractive than I could ever do by hand.To make the task even easier, the Change-A-Bowl comes with - you guessed it, extra bowls so that there's no need to stop and wash the permanent bowl if you're preparing several different ingredients. Three GladWare bowls are included in the box.Plus the Change-A-Bowl comes with two discs - the slice/shred disc and the fine shred/crinkle-cut disc (You won't believe those French fries!) All of the parts are dishwasher safe, so the clean-up is a breeze.With holidays fast approaching this is one appliance that will be used over and over again. It weighs just 8 pounds. But, if you ask me, it's worth its weight in gold!
decent quality for the price. I bought it in sale price here, certainly worth 20$ i paid for it, I wish it had 3 side zip, i wanted to use it with memory foam
Great dishes. This is an excellent product.  At first I thought the plantes were too big but after using them, I really like them.  The color is quite elegant
Does the job well. The filter makes me happy because it keeps my office from becoming dusty.  Since this is the only filter you can buy for this product, it doesn't make sense for me to try to promote it or compare it, as you have no choice.  However, compared to other similar kinds of products, this seems to do very well.  No dust flying out the side of the unit, easy cleanup, easy installation and removal.  Just twist it into place, and voila.
great durable dog toy. The cost and shipping was a little high as I thought the two pet toys I ordered would be shipped in the same shipment and they were not.  However the King Kong Dog toy is a very durable strong toy that my golden retriever just loves, it does sink in water, (lake, pool) and it is heavy, but she has not been able to destroy it like all the other toys she has had.satisfied custome
Simply the Best. This is a great pan.  Aside from the fact that it is easily the best non-stick on the market (and I have used Anolon, Calphalon and Scanpan), what continues to impress me most about this pan is its even heat distribution.  There are no hot spots, not even the center.  When sauteing the food colours evenly (even when the pan is a little overcrowded); when stewing, you often see tight little bubbles across the surfact of your food, demonstrating how even the heat distribution is.  This pan also makes a fine risotto.Oh, and did I mention its non-stick is simply the best.  Clean up is a breeze.  Nothing sticks.  Even baked on pasta sauce wipes out with a little water.  The surface on Swiss Diamond is so good that if you make pancakes it is often hard to get the turner under the pancake without sending the pancake to the other side of the pan!Swiss Diamond is the KING of non-stick, as not only is their surface No. 1, but the quality of their pans is second to none.  I own two Swiss Diamond pieces, I plan to buy more, and I couldn't recommend these pans more highly.  This is the pan I reach for the most
Excellent product. This really neutralizes not only cat box/pet odors, but musty closet odors, cooking odors, etc. without leaving a fakey, perfume-y cover up scent - it's completely free of any odor itself
nice lamp. however we had to travel over 100 miles to get to the target location, only for it to be oos- out of stock.., much easier to purchase online
Perfect Tuna Melts at Your Fingertips Thanks to Superior Non-Stick Griddle Pan. For the single household, I think is a wonderful griddle pan perfect for making French toast, grilled cheese and tuna melt sandwiches, cheese quesadillas and pancakes. The heat from a gas range transfers through the pan quickly and pretty evenly. The non-stick surface is a breeze to clean, and the handle is sturdy. I don't use it for any dish that requires a greater amount of oil or butter because of the low lip, but that's fine by me. At 11 square inches, it's too small to use for parties, but on the other hand, it is easier to carry and store unlike the family-size 20 by 13-inch Grande Griddle. I am amazed how often I use it simply for the convenience. As it is All-Clad, this is a highly recommended piece of cookware to add to your collection
Having a party with fiestaware. My mom started my collection of Fiestaware for me, because I needed good dishes.I decided to start with the Sea Mist and the Rose colors, because they won't be made after 2005, which will make them collectable in a few years.The first sauceboat I recieved had a chip in it, I sent it back. The second one arrived with a flaw, but it seems that most fiestaware has at least some minor flaw in it. The biggest thing about fiestaware is it is heavy. If you have young children, it may be too heavy for them.The rose color is a very dull color. That's either a good thing or a bad thing. If you want a vibrant color, I recomend the persimmon or the shamrock. The rose color is also very feminine looking. I personally prefer the brighter colors, but this is a good choice because of it's collectability. It won't be produced after November 2005.The reason I am giving this piece four stars is because of it's tendancy to have flaws from the factory in the glaze. This is a trait across all fiestaware
Great Review and Long lasting. When the person got the flowers she really liked them. She talked and talked about them. She also was suprised in a good way how long the flowers lasted (roses). I ordered flowers from them for Mother's Day because of my experince. Great job
Nice, but oval. I purchased this dish as a gift for my wife, thinking that it would be a decent sized round vegetable dish.  It is not.  Although you cannot tell it from the description and there is no picture on the "product description" page, this bowl is actually what I would call an oval vegetable dish, which is somewhat smaller than the a round vegetable dish.The quality of the china is fine and it arrived undamaged, although later than I was orignally told.  I would give the china 5 stars as an oval vegetable dish and the description 2 stars for being far too vague
This is a great machine!. With all respect to the negative reviews here, look to the reviews at coffeegeek.com - they reflect a more balanced -- and overall positive -- rating for this very capable machine. The X3 offers terrific crema, especially when using fresh roasted beans that are ground correctly. The only critiques I have in over 1.5 yrs use are: 1. a smallish water reservoir, and 2. a limited supply of steam - although enuf for two caps per round.My experiences with francis customer support by phone and email have also been positive - minor replacement parts under warranty came quickly (new spill grill), and they walked me through cleaning the machine.So, you're not opening a cafe with this machine, but very able to do multiple rounds of caps and espressos. And it looks great and takes up very little counterspace compared with some of the other machines
Great for holding bananas!. I've been using a banana hammock for years.  Banana hammocks offer great support containing the banana, and I was thoroughly satisfied.  The Euro Banana Holder is a step above the banana hammock, offering excellent support for not just one banana, the whole bunch!  Try with Chiquita Bananas, 4.5lbs
Best Value for the money, as well as a timeless style. We've had this set for twenty years this fall.  The set looks as good as the day we took it out of the boxes (which we still have, BTW), and after all the abuse the set has taken, there has been one casualty.  Think about it - a service for twelve, used every day for twenty years, and not babied in the slightest, and one bowl gets chipped.  I bought a replacement from Amazon's open stock for a very reasonable price, and the new bowl has blended in with the set, and I expect it to last as long as the twenty-year old stuff.  Homer Laughlin potteries has been arond a long time and has a good reputation, but reputation or not, my dishes were well worth the price.We have the black dishes, which make the food look good, no matter what we serve on it.  We've never had a guest who didn't comment favorably on our "righteous cool" dinnerware.  The dinner plates are a generous size but may not lie flat in smaller cabinets.  The salad plates are the perfect size for a child's meal or a small lunch, and the the two sizes of bowl will suit every dining need.  The small bowl will give a child or dieter all the soup they want, while the more generous soup bowl will hold enough for a hungry adult.  The number of add-on dishes is endless, and one could make it a lifetime hobby, discovering and buying them all.  But that's certainly not required -- two or three sets like this (depending on how big a family you have or how much you entertain), plus a couple of serving bowls, a covered casserole and a gravy boat provide a perfectly adequate number of dishes for the average family that has better things to do than baby fine china
And it really works?!?. Kone does a great job thanks to very powerful suction.It's been especially good at picking up pet hairsalong crevices. It's easy to clean and simply looks great.The answer to the above question that many have asked isa resounding Yes...It really works!!!!
Great spacesaver. These jars are a great spacesaver if you have limited room. The set includes a shaker inner-cap on all of the bottles, as well as several (4 or 6, can't remember which) fine-holed shaker inner-caps as an option. The bottles are very stable when stacked; I've had all 12 stacked in a test of the items, without problem
Wonderful fiesta go along...... I hesitated to use these mugs when I first received them.  Now I use them exclusively as our everyday mugs.  They are a nice heavy weight ceramic that helps keep our coffee warm, they do not chip and wear beautifully.   I and my husband do not have a problem with the size of the ring to hold our mug as the other reviewer did.  I would have given them five stars if they held more coffee as I prefer a big mug.   These are simple and elegant in their design as all the fiestaware pieces are.  You can't go wrong with these if you are a fiesta fan
just right. Between this and the longer turner and a set of tongs I have all of my food flipping needs taken care of...  The WMF PP line is well made, comfortable, attractive, durable, and versatile to stick in a drawer, utensil holder, or on a hook.
best basic cat toy. All of my cats love fur mice, they even growl over them.  They're an inexpensive, simple toy but the cats always enjoy them a lot.  Very close to a real mouse.
Love it!!!. I first started looking for a new vacuum when my Eureka died after 3 months of light use (thank a lot, Consumer Reports!).  I'm not sure exactly how I found this one, but I LOVE IT!!  I thought my house was pretty clean, but was SHOCKED at the amount of dust this vacuum pulled up the first time I used it, and everytime since.  It really gets up that fine powdery dust that you don't see.  Yes, you have to clean the filter often, but that just shows me how much it's working.  I clean it almost everytime I use it, and it's very easy to clean.  It's not too heavy, and I love the long cord.  Changing the carpet height is very easy also. I'm confident it would compete well against my brother's $500 Dyson!  At $140, you can't beat it
AMAZING. We replaced our middle-line, pillowtop mattress after 9 1/2 years with this mattress. We were a bit nervous, buying a mattress without testing it out first, but what does 10 minutes in a store tell you about a mattress anyway? This has a 20 year warranty; if we didn't like it, we'd get our money back.  No risk.It arrived 6 or 7 days after ordering it, delivered by FedEx. I couldn't move the package up the stairs on my own, so I let my husband move it when he got home.The smell wasn't as bad as I was expecting--it reminded me of a campfire. We left our bedroom windows open and turned on the ceiling fan to air it out. NO BIGGIE. I didn't even notice the smell when I went to bed the first night.A traditional mattress left me sore in the AM (I'm 32 years old--shouldn't be sore in the AM) because I have curves--I didn't get enough support on the curvy parts of my body. The foam mattress let me sink in, so EVERYTHING was supported. I've never had a better night's sleep in my life. I didn't move, I don't remember anything after lying down. I don't usually need an alarm (because I'd wake up so often, I could keep track of the time), but it's a good thing my husband's alarm was set or I'd have slept through the AM!I can't say enough... this is an AMAZING mattress, at an amazing price--and free shipping to boot!  Don't think twice, just get it.  You'll love it
It's a iffy chance. This looks aewsome and it was when I got it.. but the material is so fragile that while I first got it running it leaked at the bottom!!! I was made but luckly I got my refund for it. But if I can get one without a messed up bottom I'd totally buy another on
Festive yet Functional Fiesta Dinnerware. Just to look at this lovely dinnerware makes me happy.  But to be able to use it daily in the microwave, the dishwasher, and to make a lovely table makes it a multi-purpose pleasure
Waring blendors are the best. My Grandmother had a Waring Blendor. My Mother had a Waring Blendor. Why did I have to BUY one instead of "borrowing" one of theirs? Because they gave them away to get "lighter", i.e., cheap, plastic blenders, back in the early eighties. Big mistake. My grandmother died before she had to replace hers, but my mother is on her third cheap blender now. I expect my Waring Blendor to last the rest of my life. Fortunately, I was able to get my grandmother's Waring Blendor Cookbook from the forties. The current model still has the powerful motor, heavy glass container, super-duper cord and top-quality switch that my grandmother's had, sixty-odd years ago.I also picked up one at Goodwill to have an extra pitcher to make two kinds of frozen drinks when I have a party. It is about forty years old but still works great, and it was obviously used quite a bit. (I only wish I had found it before I bought a new one!) The container still fits the base on the current model.Makes fruit juice like a juicer, makes the best milk shakes, daquiries, gazpacho; it can even whip cream for dessert or froth milk for fancy coffee drinks! You can make a thick, creamy milkshake with milk, a frozen banana, a couple of ice cubes, and a little chocolate powder. You can even pre-chill the container in the freezer to make sorbet.The secret difference: this Blendor creates a tornado in the center of the container, ensuring that everything gets evenly mixed. According to my Waring Blendor Cookbook, this is because of the unique four-leaf clover shape of the container, the shape of the no-rust stainless blades, and the high-powered motor.You can use a wooden spoon through the hole in the top to make sure ice cubes get properly mixed if you find that to be a problem. (If you add ice cubes one or two at a time to the container with liquid already in blending on high, you will have the smoothest frozen beverage you have ever had with NO leftover ice chunks.)The easiest way to clean it is to fill it 1/4 to 1/3 full of water, add ONE drop of dishwashing detergent, PUT THE LID ON, blend, shake and rinse.Sure, it is a little loud (brings back memories of my childhood!) and if you drop the glass container on your foot, you'll be sorry, for your foot, because the container probably will never break. Notice that none of the Waring Blendor's detractors suggest an alternative.If it isn't in the MOMA collection of Twentieth Century Industrial Design, it should be.Buy a Waring Blendor and you'll never have to buy another blender. And neither will your children
Great Pet Fountain with filter. I purchased this for my brother who has two cats and also has cerebal palsy. I was worried that he would have trouble assembling it and disassembling it to clean it, let alone refilling the water container. But I was surprised that he was able to put together in minutes and hasn't had any issues with it since. It is true, that vets highly recommend this as both of ours have. I'll be honest, in that the actual requirements to disassemble it to clean it are  a bit combersome. But it has a handy power disconnect option that helps to clean it. I wish it had a larger water reservoir. Depending on what type of pets, how many and the heat of where you live, you still have to refill it every other day. I find that you have to clean it about once every five to six days depending on how messy of eaters your pets are. I have to replace the filter about every 60 days.  Good price for the money and the pump is SO quiet, you'll never hear it.
Works out pretty well... This is our 4th trashcan in less than 3 years.  We've spent more $$ with bad results so overall I am pleased. Unlike other reviewers I had no problem removing any of the stickers - they came off in one piece.  The can contains odors fairly well.  We have ours in our kitchen utility closet so we know when it smells! My only issue is sometimes the lid gets stuck in the open position (a typical problem with step-on cans) and our bag holder doesn't stay closed - making it pretty much useless.
Good Cookeware. Bought this item for my daughter and she loves it.  Threw away her old stuff because of this.  Says in makes cooking enjoyable
early warning system. This device makes it possible to know when someone is at my door before the door knock or bell. If The music is too high or the TV is to loud , I know when someone is at the door ... Love this device...  works flawlessly....Totally recommend......
Not a jack of all trades, but a master of one. Where's my Ipod plug in?Far too often today's machines are called upon to offer much more than the single purpose originally desired.  Usually, as with all overly-ambitious attempts at designing these multi-tasking devices, compromises are made.  Now, unless you missed Communications Skills 101, you know a compromise is a lose-lose solution, not a win-win, as both parties agree to give up something in order to reach an agreement.  Whether man or machine, this canon perseveres despit our developing a tendency to hedge our every bet.Old school is sometimes still the best school.Unfortunately, this discovery is often made only after we've burned down the old one and replaced it with a "new and improved" version.  Some consumers just refuse to catch on that "new and improved" is "advertiser speak" for "You NEED to buy a new one. Yours is OLD [beside, we've already spent all the money you paid us for that one]".  I never cared for John B. Watson and I doubt he cared about anything but himself.Sometimes, you just have to let go.To the poster that claims cans must be supported, perhaps they lacked the courage or faith necessary to discover that this appliance is perfectly capable of holding substantial cans without assistance.  Just place the can position, press down on the lever once and release, the motor and cutter do exactly what these were intended to do without complaint--all but the oddest of shaped tins--then safely stops when the lid is completely sliced through, and the can to sit there locked in place patiently waiting for you to lift the lever and release the now perfectly opened can.  The lid is held in place by a magnet which is attached to the lever assembly avoiding any cross-contamination.Breaking up is *not* hard to do.Cleaning is a breeze as a handy unobtrusive lever releases the entire one-piece cutter assembly and exposes any nasties in those previously hard-to-get-to places. Perfection in simplicity; a previous tenet abandoned long ago.  Definately old school and definately the quality and simplicity  today's products increasingly lack.AX~
Microwave Cover. The cover works great for me. It prevents splatter in the oven and the food warms faster with the cover.  I am happy with the product
Awesome!!. Totally satisfied with this product.  Does everything itsaid it would.  Makes jerky in record time and the gun andspices were great extras.  Well worth the money if you areinterested in a dehydrato
Very satisfied!. I received my order in only a few days and was very pleased, not to mention you can't beat the price
A good value. This pot rack is great. It's easy to assemble and mount and has hooks that detach so you can arrange things the way you want. There are much more expensive pot racks out there, but this one is a good value for the money. My only caveat is that you have to be careful assembling and mounting the thing, because the finish can scratch off. Once the rack is being used, that's not an issue
Amazing!. How could anyone *not* want this pillow?!  It's so amazing!  Don't you just hate it when one part of your pillow is a different temperature than another part of you pillow?  I HATE THAT!  I mean, c`mon people, a single temperature pillow is far superior to a multi-temperature pillow, right?  YEAH!  This is what I have to say to all of you multi-temperature pillow lovers out there: HISS !!! HISS !!! HISS !!!  The Electric Eel has scorned you
IF YOU HAVE SHAVE BUMPS YOU NEED THIS PRODUCT!. I buy this product religiously and it's AMAZING.  It does not smell too great but, if you shave your bikini area and put this on right after - you will never have razor bumps / razor burn or ingrown hairs again!  It works for any area of your skin.  seriously, I am so pleased with this product it's wonderful
This Machine Is Awsome !. My old machine was a Starbucks Barista. Had for 3 Years before steam nozzle broke. Worked fine for a home machine, or so I thought! Enter GAGGIA. I ordered this machine (the espresso) on tuesday. It arrived on thursday, well packaged and double boxed. First thing I noticed was the quality of the portafilter. About twice as heavy as old one. Filled up with 64OZ. of water, primed the pump, and was ready to go in about 5 minutes. First shot. Heavy reddish brown creama!!! Tasted amazing first shot out of machine. Next, set to steam, took about 30 seconds to reach temp and zoom, more than enough to steam milk for 2 lattes. Hotter,faster, better frothing, cafe quality.I have a friend who has an $1800 machine. It makes a great cup of espresso. Way better than the local coffee shop. I didn't think I could get anywhere near that quality for under $1,000. This machine does it!Anyone who is anything but thrilled with this machine, does not have a clue what they are doing. But, as the other reviews say, the machine is only one part of the espresso equation. You need good coffee, a decent BURR grinder, and a good machine. So if you are on a limited budget, this is the machine for you... and if there is any money to spare get a decent burr grinder to go with it, such as the Gaggia MDF. And don't skimp on the coffee, it matters
ALMOST perfect. I tried the awful Brookstone mug warmer.  Then I got this Rival.  It is MUCH better than the Brookstone.  It keeps my tea ALMOST as hot as I would like it, and if my tea starts out plenty hot, it slows the rate of cooling so that it is tasty for quite a while.  In a perfect world, it would have more than one setting to accommodate different people's tastes, but until that happy day, this is a good one
pretty happy............. i have hard wood floors throughout my whole house (except for bedrooms).  therefore really wanted something nonrechargeable.  i didn't want to have to stop in the middle of cleaning to charge up (the average charge on rechargeable ones, i believe is around 12 mintues).  i have two hairy kitties and one dog.  the amount of dust (and hair) bunnies where driving me mad.  the broom just swished it all around.  so, i got this little number.  very good suction, and yes, very loud.  my ears ring after i use it.  suction on a low carpet was not so great.  i would not recommend this if that is your need.  the only thing is that on either side of the machine are vents which blow air and it blows the dirt and hair around.  you have to be careful where you are aiming it.  one benifit was the air blew everything underneath my couch out, so i could then suck it up.  the cord is a great length (20 ft. and the longest i could find on a stick vac), a nice wide path and great suction.  i would recommend this product to a friend
Love the style! Perfect size!. The lid fits perfectly, unlike the 4 canister set. Just the right size for about 2 dozen cookies. I'm very pleased with this purchase
These knives are a dream!. I purchased a slightly larger set a few months ago and am absolutely in love with them! I originally bought Kitchenaid because I wanted to train myself on a "beginner's" set before I spent big bucks on "real" knives but don't see me replacing these anytime soon. After watching RR on the Food Network I just HAD to have the santoku knife that came with the set. I have found, however, that the chef knife has been my favorite. It even slices through tomatoes with NO effort! I do run my knives over the steel a couple of times after every use and even with using multiple times daily these babies stay SHARP! By now I'm sure my husband is tired of hearing "I LOVE my knives!" every day. Chopping is an absolute pleasure - in fact, I'm disappointed when I don't get to chop! Because of my awesome knives I'm using many more fresh fruits, vegetables and garlic in my cooking so we're eating healthier too. I have to say, this is one of my best purchases EVER. Love them, love them, love them
From a wet-dry to 2 XP2's. I have a 100 gallon tank and I paid 500.00 for a wet/dry system that everyone swore would be my last and best filter.  Well after a year of loud draining noises and yellow water I ditched it and put on 2 of the XP2's.  All I can say is WOW!!!!  After only 9 hours my water is crystal clear!  I was so used to the yellow tinge in the water I forgot what clear water looked like!  My wet dry was rated for a 200 gallon tank and I changed the media religously!  It pales in comparison to the XP2's!  And the XP2's along with a year supply of filter media cost less than half of the Wet/Dry system!  I am sold on the XP2!  They are virtually noiseless too!
Great Lid. I love this lid for my small pressure cooker.  When I have pepared my pressure cooked foods, I replace the pressure lid with the glass lid to keep things warm or continue the cooking process after adding items which are to be added after pressure is released.  When you want to use the pan but not cook under pressure you have a perfect lid.  The glass lid makes it possible to see inside to determine whether you want to lower or increase the heat without having to lift a lid to see inside
Love It. I have owned the large BGE for over 6 years and love it.  The steaks are amazing cooked at 700 degrees and all the meat comes out moist.  Once the remote thermometer broke and I 'overcooked' a chicken.  The bird had started to break apart but the meat was still tender and moist.  I was sold after that potential disaster.  You can also used it like a 'brick oven'. It is great for pizza's and bread.  I recommend the electric starter which rev's things up in 5 mins or if you are really short on time you can use a plumbers torch you get from any hardware store, but it can be a little 'sparky' to go that route. Dont wear nice clothes with the torch.  With the electric started the oven comes to temp fast then my Dacor convention oven. This is the best investment we have made.  I even do my Thanksgiving turkey on the grill and it is the best turkey ever
Excellent item. It worked exactly as I expected.  It pounded my Chicken to the point I should practically see through it if I wanted.  I put the chicken in a ziplock first and there was no clean up to speak of.  It also washed up fast and easy.  Easy to hold
Use for casseroles, cakes, or roasting. Le Creuset manufactures porcelain enameled cast iron cooking vessels as well as other quality products. These cooking vessels are cast from molten iron poured in sand moulds which are used only once. For this reason, one pan may look like another, but each is unique in its own way.Cast iron is a highly efficient material which absorbs and distributes heat. Due to this efficiency, it is recommended that cooking with cast iron is done on low to medium heat.  Remove cast iron from the heat and it does not cool off quickly. This helps your food stay warm while serving. Beware; iron tends to be heavy so these cooking vessels tend to be heavier than other pans made from alternate materials.Cast iron is an effective material for cooking so why cover it with enamel? Iron tends to rust; iron oxide (rust) doesn't add any complimentary flavors to your food. If your cast iron cooking vessel was not enameled, you would have to season and maintain its cooking surface. Adding the porcelain enamel not only looks good, but has multiple benefits. The enamel, being a solid coating, is one of the most hygienic surfaces to cook on, does not stain, absorb odors, retain flavors, and is easy to clean. The enamel can be damaged, so limit contact to wood or plastic utensils to eliminate the scratching and scoring the porcelain.The benefits of cooking with Le Creuset cast iron are many, but lets get down to the roasting pan specifically. This pan holds 2 1/2 quarts of food, measures 7 3/4 x 11 1/2 inches internally, and weighs 6 1/2 pounds. 2 1/2 quarts is not a lot of space when it comes to casseroles, so consider your recipes when determining the size you need. This may be the pan for families from 2-4. Except for roasts, the roasting pan tends to do best if at least 3/4 full. Any less and you may overwhelm your food with heat evenly dispersed in the pot.I find that the cast iron adds a crispy texture to food that may be desirable with a dish like mac-n-cheese, while not so desirable for other dishes.  Add the Le Creuset 7 1/2 x 9 inch roasting rack for roasting chickens and pork loins keeping them out of the grease.  Some other possibilities for this pan include casseroles, pork chops covered with cornbread dressing, dinner rolls, baked squash, scalloped potatoes, cobblers, pineapple upside down cake, or bread pudding. The possibilities almost seem endless to your imagination.One feature that people tend to complain about is the cost. The cost does seem steep compared to other pans made from other materials. Heck, cast iron doesn't seem like it should be expensive when comparing to that old cast iron pan past generations have used for cornbread and camping. However the manufacturing process requires making a mould for each and every pan produced. They then go through the enameling process before shipping these heavy pans. If you take what goes into making and distributing these high quality cast iron products, the cost tends to make sense. Then consider that this pan will easily last a lifetime when taken care of.PROS:Extremely versatileEfficient absorption and distribution of heatHygienic enamel cooking surfaceDoes not stain, absorb odors, or retain flavorsEasy to clean when not abused or misusedCan be transferred from stove top to the oven to the tableCan easily last a lifetimeCONS:Its heavy, as cast iron tends to be weighing in at about 6 1/2 pounds
A great idea by LG. I bought one of these last week and so far I am very happy with it. The microwave works well and is easy to use. The display prompts you with instructions for operation. The coffee maker makes a very good cup of coffee. It takes 5-10 minutes to brew a pot of about six cups. The pot size is about right for me as I am the only coffee drinker in the house. One of the greatest things is that it only  uses half the coffee that I was using in my faithful old Bunn coffee maker to make six cups. It came with odd shaped filters but I have found that I can fold standard filters to fit it just fine.The coffee pot is glass not stainless as it appears in some pictures but it is pretty heavy glass and seems sturdy enough.The only negative that I have found is that you can't brew coffee and use the microwave at the same time. Since the coffee maker is fairly fast it has not been a problem for me.
Le Creuset Best Quality Behind The Name!. If you are familiar with the Le Creuset brand you will already know the quality. This is fantastic quality cookware. The beauty of buying it from Amazon is the price. I purchased this set when it was on sale for $179.99. At that time they also had a promotion for 2-free Ramakins and a free 7-piece set of Spatula's and Canister (items totalling around $95!!). So that just made the deal extra special. All i can say is if they have a similar promotion running in future you should jump on it as you wont find such quality items at the same great price anywhere else!!
Outlast WORKS!. I don't know how anyone could think that the outlast material isn't working.  (..of course it has been significantly tested and proven that it works.)  At first its cool.  After about 5 minutes (depending on the person) outlast starts keeping an even temp..Now that even temp. may not be as cool as you want - but it never gets much warmer than you are UNLIKE most every other pillow (..even buckwheat pillows which become hotter because of the fabric encasing the buckwheat).The negatives are however:1. The outlast material needs to be pretty close to your body to work - and it DOES have a distinctive texture that is a broad weave box pattern and is "stiff" (..though after a few washings it becomes considerably softer).  You might not like this textural feeling.2. Other than the outlast, the pillow is nothing special.  The support is poor like most pillows, the interesting thing here though is that you can remove the stuffing - and fill it with a material you find acceptable (..if you don't like the standard poly fill), but you will need to do some minor sewing on the seam you opened to remove and replace the filling
Sharp knife, nice handle. The knife is very sharp. It glides through onions. The handle is tacky and has a nice feel. Easy to grip. I also have a more expensive santoku knife, and this one seems just as sharp
High quality. This grill is the top of the line. If you love to grill with charcoal this is a grill for you. The money you spend on this is well worth it
It actually works well. I bought one for litter box area, and it does reduce/eliminate those lingering odors.  It does require almost daily refills of water
I love it!. I love it!  My kids and I had it open 10 minutes and ordered another one for my mom!!
A nice upgrade. After 20 years with 2 Russell Hobbs pots, this avid tea drinker was looking for a replacement, finally. I had hoped for another Russell Hobbs, but didn't see a good candidate -- but they do have this Chef's Choice on their site. I've had it two weeks now, and I agree with others that the switch is flimsy, but its performance is first-rate. It boils a full pot of water in about 4-1/2 minutes. For me, the steam only rises for about 10 seconds before it shuts off. There are several improvements over the Hobbs: The lid fits snugly, meaning no hand scalding even when pouring the last of the water; the side handle makes it very easy to fill; you can put the pot on at any angle without having line up a plug; and the hidden heating element is nice. However, the capacity is a bit smaller than the Hobbs -- not a huge problem, and it doesn't have the water gauge. But the lack of a gauge could be a good thing -- that was where my last Hobbs finally gave in to corrosion. It's about the same level of noise as the Hobbs. I do notice a little calcium on the bottom already, which was not a problem with the Hobbs. I live in a tropical climate that is pretty punishing to most metal appliances, so it will be interesting to see how this one holds up
Great Filter. Love this product, just wish Amazon would stop increasing the price.  A filter should not cost almost as much as the actual unit itself
Serving tea the Royal Albert way!. I received the first tray in the mail and one of the tiles had a crack in it. I called customer service and they sent a new one out right away!The tray is just wonderful with the Old Country Roses pattern on the tiles. The cherry color finish on the wood is perfect. The tray is large and sturdy and can hold an entire tea service with ease.The price is excellent, even checking other trays for price comparison, they are not any cheaper and do not have the Royal Albert name.This was an excellent purchase and I say buy it, you will love it too
Great coffee, bad math. Sometime between my apartment in college and the first move to my first real pad, my 4-cup Krups automatic drip gave out.  I didn't drink enough coffee to buy a replacement. Every so often when the caffeine urge strikes, I would microwave some water in a Pyrex measuring cup, insert a paper filter in the plastic basket that sits atop the carafe, add the ground, and pour in the boiling water all at once.  Call it the poor man's coffee maker but it made the best coffee bar none.  There is no auto-drip that can extract as much strength and flavor as a quick 3-minute submersion in boiling water.  Which, incidentally, is what a French press does, but leaves a bottom layer of silt.I continue to make coffee this way, and never bought a replacement auto-drip, partly because I was lazy, didn't have a lot of space, and it worked.  Alas, the carafe went to Krups heaven as well, and I cast about to buy an auto-drip.  It seems time.I did a lot of consumer research for machines from budget-friendly $35 models to $150 multi-function behemoth that would roast, grind and brew AND bring you coffee in bed.  All roads lead to Rome and all coffee pilgrims eventually come to Chemex.  This is the way to get great coffee, and it doesn't involved a plug.I bought it because it's simple, has no moving or electrical part, is not prone to breakage unless I drop it, does not take up a lot of space, and oh, the MOMA considers it an objet d'art, if the art geek in you needs persuation.  The design is quite clever, BTW.  You insert the filter, which is flushed with the side of the opening; this creates a suction vacuum, of sorts.  Water drips down, and the flow is regulated by the displacement of air from below, up the pour spout, which is not flushed with the filter.  To clean, you just rinse and pour out.  The wooden and leather "belt" can be removed if you want to wash your carafe in the dish washer.I use a normal #2 coffee filter, it is a bit small but I'm told the #3 filter (harder to find) fits it perfectly.  You don't need to buy the Chemex filter, but I've read that it is thicker, allowing for a longer saturation time therefore extracting more flavor.  The carafe is heat-resistant pyrex glass, you cannot put this directly on heating elements.  It will not keep your coffee warm.  I make my coffee and immediately pour into my thermos.  This is (still) the best way to make a cup of coffee.And now for the reason why I have to subtract one star from such a fine product which I use, and like:  THIS IS NOT AN 8-CUP CARAFE!When it arrived I looked at the size of the box and thought the shipper made a mistake.  But there it was, printed on the side of the carton: 8-cup capacity.  I'm thinking "cup" as in "measuring cup", the normal kitchen unit for volume measurement.  You may read "based on 5oz. cups" elsewhere, but what is that?  I have trouble envisioning 5 oz. but I can estimate a cup. Incidentally my coffee cup holds a little less than one standard measuring cup.I measured the capacity of the carafe.  It will only hold barely 8 cups if you fill it to the rim, an impossibility as you need the top to situate your filter and ground.  At the midpoint of the carafe, it holds a little more than 4 standard measuring cups.  Even this is pushing it, as you need room for the drip.  For practical purpose, this is a 4-cup carafe.Chemex makes a 10-cup carafe, but I suspect it may be just 5-cup, practically speaking.  The capacity labeling is inaccurate and just silly
Smart & Stylish Dinner Plates. Handsome, classic detail, square shape lends detail that round lacks.  Perfect backdrop for any meal in the sandstone color, looks rich and inviting on any table, casual or formal.  Sturdy, well made dinnerware.  I love these plates
Holds more than water!. This is a beautiful and decorative addition to any kitchen.  It makes a great flower vase!  See the customer photo.  Suggested by Le Creuset Outlet, Vacaville, CA
Amen... Finally.... Really Does the Job... "NO CRAP". Amen....Finally a product that is more reliable than expected.  I had the "round-up" and it was just another mess.  I actually had two roundups.  I have two cats, one very finicky about where she goes and if not satisfied...goes on the rug.  She even took to it after her old litter box got nasty (about a week).Never leaked... was not smelly at all... did it's thing, Not in need of any servicing in-between changings.  A snap to change the tray (about 2 or 3 minutes) then forget for another month.Check the indicator lights periodically to make sure there is not a malfunction, happens about 3 or 4 times a month, no problem, just push button and it resets itself.  I added a few cups of extra litter after 3 weeks (get the same crystals at the store).I haven't had to scoop litter or clumped "urine balls" since.The trays seem pricey BUT, consider the cost of litter, and then ask yourself, how much would I pay someone to come into my house 4 or 5 times a day for a month and do the nastiest job related to cats.  AND, actually the trays can be had on the internet at considerably less price, including shipping, if purchased in quantities of 6 or more.Thank you... I am disabled and the litter box was one of the most difficult jobs for me to accomplish.I am ecstastic about this product.  I have purchased a second one, so now I change one every two weeks (alternately in 2 week intervals, considering the two cats.   What a Gasssss!Now I can enjoy my cats.--- Wesley U, Dayton O
Coffee pot cleaner. I have used this cleaner in my coffee pot and the cleaner works very well. You have to follow the instructions that are given.  This is a very good product and does a very good job. Everyone should us it
sparkling silver. I purchased this silverware becasue it never needs polishing and it looks like i spent hours polishign it when I set the table even though I didn't touch it.  I love it and recommend it to all my friends. I am purchasing this for a friend that just moved into a brand new apartment
sheets. they feel nice and are a beautiful color, if a little different from the picture.  I'm happy with the
WOOOOOWWWW. I have used the same dish ware for the last 15 years and haven't really been looking for anything new.  Then I saw this collection and I just had to have it.  I started with just a few pieces and in just under 3 weeks I have most of the set for 4 and will soon take the it to 12 settings.  These pieces are so whimisical and the colors are so rich and vibrant and what makes this even more special is the story that goes with these pieces.  No matter how you dress your table these can go from everyday casual to dressy with just a few accessories.  Great pieces, buy'em all.....
I love my Tassimo!. My boyfriend surprised me with this for my birthday and I could not have asked for a better present! The machine was very easy to set up (I was even able to set mine up slightly hungover). It does take a minute to warm up, but brews quickly. I thought I would just drink the regular coffees offered, but I actually love the specialty beverages, especially the cappuccino! My only complaint is that the pods are sometimes difficult to find in stores. I would suggest stocking up when you find them or just order them online. Overall, I am very pleased with my Tassimo and would recommend it to all coffee lovers on the go
Great for Bathroom!. I bought this for my older apartment that doesn't have a fan in the bathroom.  It does an excellent job of keeping the bathroom air fresh and dry (the mirrors barely even fog up).  I don't know what I would do without it!  I do wish it were a little smaller.  Check the dimensions before buying to make sure it can fit in the space around where your outlet is located-mine blocks one side of the medicine cabinet but it's well worth it
Rival Chocolate Fountain. The fountain was easy to use and a big hit at the weddin
Pretty good bang for the buck. This was dirt cheap and I guess being clearanced.  For it's price, I can NOT complain!!!  It gets the job done.  I can't speak for other reviewers, but I would never expect this to replace an upright or canister vacuum.  It cleans up my desk and bookshelves just fin
No more burned fingertips. One of these is perfect for my two-ounce espresso shot. And the double glass keeps the heat away from my fingers
Another great Global knife. This knife is great for hard cheeses, I can cut them without the slices crumbling to pieces.  It feels very comfortable and sturdy in my hand like my other Global knife.  The blade has a serrated edge so you will not be able to sharpen it easily, but if you only use it for cheese, it should stay sharp for a long time.  This is another beautiful Global knife
Better than most at an affordable price...... The machine runs exactly as advertised and as many reviews stated the coffee carafe does have to pour slowly or it dribbles down the front of the pot but that is mearly a learning curve you get with any product. My only suggestion is that the future machines come with a clock to start the coffee and turn off the heating  element at a preset time interval.
Excellent Choice!. My chair arrived last night and we had it put together in less than 1/2 hour - very easy assembly. The fabric is a little darker and more of a brown shade than it appears in photos. The arms had no nicks, the fabric is thick, and the cushions are firm. I like that the chairback and seat-back cushion have velcro so they don't slide around. All-in-all, a good choice
I love my egg poacher!. I make up a batch of poached egg whites every week and take them to work for breakfast.  So fast - 2 minutes and you have 2 poached eggs!  My kids use this all the time in the morning before school - quick, easy and delicious!  You'll love it
Very Nice Chair. This chair was very easy to build and included all tools needed to put together. It is very comfortable and the high backrest with ergonomic lumbar support is great. Even a few other people (friends and family) who have sat in my chair while using the computer love this chair and brought their own.The chair came quickly and before its scheduled delivery date. The company who sold and shipped me this chair was very easy to work with and I will buy from them again.In the end, I definitely love this chair and so do my family and friends.
Satisfied with these pillows. We have used these pillows for quite a few years now.  We only replace them because of hygiene considerations.  The pillows themselves do not flatten down like other pillows.  We have had to search for them sometimes, but it is well worth the effort.
Digital Thermometer. I bought this thermometer for my son's science project. For the price, it was well worth it. It was used to get the temperature of soda and did exactly what we needed it to do. The numbers are easy to read and it doesn't take long to get a reading. I'm sure we will find other uses for the thermometer as well. Nice case and easy to take care of
Cuisinart Utensils. What more can you say.  You get what you pay for.  These pots and pans are excellent and are very easy to handle.  You will not be dissapointed
Throw away your tea kettle. Near-instant boiling water, can set it down anywhere, perfect performance
nice whisk,  but wrapped. I have some nice nonstick cookware that I needed whisks for, so I got these. My main reasons for choosing them were the brand, and the fact that someone in a review for another product said that these were all silicone, rather than silicone coated steel. Unfortunately that is NOT the case. This is silicone coating metal. This is acceptable though, because the 5-year guarantee will cover the whisk should the silicone decide to peel off, and 5 years of cookware-safe whisking for this price is worth it to me! The whisk is wonderful, and I'd recommend it to anyone. Just don't believe the reviews telling people to get this for the reason stated above
perfect for small whole-grain meals ready when you need them. My husband gets up by 5 am and I... well, I don't! :)I bought this unit to make hot cereal so I could offer my husband a hot breakfast without having to (painfully) alter my own sleep schedule.This is a great size for our family of three. I fill it with water and whole grains around 9 pm. My husband takes his breakfast at 5 am and unplugs the unit. When my son and I get up around 6 or 7 am, the cereal has cooled to a perfect temperature to eat right away without exceeding the "maximum 2 hours at room temperature" timeframe for food safety.I want to eat healthy, but I'm not an accomplished cook. This 1 1/2 qt crockpot, together with the 2 qt model I use for dinner, allows me to cook whole grains and other "real" foods without needing any great skill or time to stand by the stove. I get to play with my son while still offering him old-fashioned home cooked meals
Best mop ever made!. This mop is the best I have purchased.  We have ceramic tiles and they are a little difficult to get into the grout areas.  This mop works great and turns into every nook and cranny.  My daughter told me of this mop.... she loves hers
Wonderful product. I love this pan!  I was looking for a new one, as my Calphalon pan was no longer flat on the bottom, even though it was not very old.  Also was looking for something non-stick that was not made with Teflon.  The Swiss Diamond pan was just what I was looking for. Although not Teflon, it is completly non-stick, and has a heavy, flat base.  Although expensive, I feel it is well worth the money and I will soon be looking for other pans from Swiss Diamond
No burn. I ordered this for my daughter.  Aside from the fact that the heat factor surpasses others I found researching Internet sites, it has both a ring to hang it by, AND a magnet inside so it can be hung on her knife rack, ready and handy.It is a great item
Great product. We bought this because we life in Wisconsin.  That is to say, we close up the house and plastic over most of the windows in order to keep the bitter cold out and the help with heating costs.  I don't run this constantly, only after a few day when the air begins to feel like we've all been in a submarine for a little too long.  It helps reduce the dust and gives at least a psychological lift to all of us when the germicidal bulb is humming.  We have a small house, so I go ahead and rotate it around the rooms everyone once in a while.  It works great
Great china. This china is excellent.  We use it as our everyday china, but it looks formal enough to use for company.  It is extremely sturdy.  My husband used to chip our old stoneware plates when putting them in the dishwasher.  He can knock these against the counter and they never chip.  They look as new today as when I bought them 2 or so years ago.  It does look nicer than the photos.  I highly recommend this china
A peaceful little gurgle.. I bought this fountain to replace another, larger fountain.  It was very easy to assemble, and I added some of my own stones and crystals.  As long as the water resevoir is not over-full, it makes a very calming sound.  If the water gets too low, it makes a spitting sound and I just add more water from the top.  I use distilled water so I don't get a mineral build-up.  I like this fountain very much
Copperhill Copper Cleaner. Best copper cleaner I have ever used.  I went on line to find the product after being given a sample at a local cooking store
Leaks initally, but not forever. I bought this particular filter and faucet mount for a couple of reasons. First, I had something called chlordane in my water (an insecticide) and I wanted it out. Secondly, my water had a very strong chlorine smell to it. I looked into getting a filter that scrubs chlorine, and maybe I eventually will, but for now this particular filter works fine. I bought the mount because it just happened to be on sale when I went to the store to buy it. I had read a lot of bad stuff about the vertical filters and how they consistently leaked after a few months, but hadn't seen anything like that for their horizontal mounts. I was a little disappointed at first when I installed my filter because it did indeed leak. Fortunately, it doesn't leak from the filter housing, but rather where the filter is connected to the tap. Eventually, that problem went away, though not before spraying water all over my kitchen. I was also not happy with the prospect of having to run my water for five minutes to clean out the filter, but I lived with it. Really, I may sound negative, but I'm actually quite happy that I bought the filter. My water tastes better (though is still heavy) and smells better. I feel better now that I've removed the chemicals from what I'm drinking, and I well pleased with the filter. The water flow is fine, though I've heard it tends to slow down as it gets older. The display to let you know when the filter needs replacing as opposed to just guessing is nice. It's a good little filter unless you're looking to scrub chlorine from your water (it only removes taste and odor) and worth consideration if you just want water that tastes better
Wonderful Towels. These are my favorite towels.  I pass up any other towels in my linen closet to use these.  They're thick and soft and wonderful
I love it - no plastic!. We have gotten concerned about non-stick coatings so we switched to stainless. After buying my last teflon pan that contained the warning about not using it near a pet bird's cage! They can suffocate from the fumes...whoa, we don't need to be breathing that either! Calphalon Tri-Ply Stainless 12-Inch Omelet Pan is wonderful However, it is not rated no. 1 by Martha or America's Test Kitchen like the overpriced All Clad overpriced pan. I spent $75 on the Calphalon and it is the best pan I've ever enjoyed. My sister in law has the All-Clad, she regrets spending too much after trying mine. I don't put it through the dishwasher, and eggs don't stick if you cook on med.-low
This is great for kids cereals!!. I bought this food dispenser because my boys like sugary cereal and I like to mix Cheerios into their cereal to make it healthier.  By putting their cereal into this dispenser they don't notice the Cheerios so much.  In response to some of the reviews that complained of crushed cereal, I found that the instructions seem to say to twist the knob left/right/left right to dispense the cereal, which for me works fine.  If you twist the knob in one direction all the time, then, yes, it does crush the cereal, but it seems easier to twist back and forth anyway.  As for the rubber covers for the bottom of the dispenser, I agree that they arent exactly Tupperware, but if you use 1 finger to push up into the soft middle of the cover, then mine stays on just fine.  As for the color, mine was also off-white, but happily my kitchen is off-white, so it works for me
good choice at this price. This is a pretty good vacuum cleaner. If you have a limitted budget and your floor is covered by carpet, I can suggest this product. I know it is not the best for cleaning carpets but it works. Since it is bagless, you don't have to worry for buying bags. But its nozzle and other accessories look like toys
NEW EVERYDAY DISHES AFTER 20 YEARS!. I'm sure that you will love this set as much as my family and I do!Each piece is durable and good looking!  My original set was also by Sango, and I gave it away after 20 years only because my decor had changed dramactically.  Now my neighbor is enjoying my original service for 12.  I expect to enjoy my new Gold Dust set for at least, the next 20 years
Lots of fun and play for the price. This has lots of play possibilities in all the areas, and my two cats love it. I imagine that it is better suited for more than one cat, because the tube and cut out holes encourage hide and seek, and surprise attack play. As far as its flimsiness, it's designed for a corner, and probably is much better supported there. All in all, considering the ridiculous price of other cat play "furniture," this offers a lot of play activity for the price, and I think it's been well worth it. Makes a great gift, too
Practical. I bought this burner for my son who is in the Air Force.  He works the mid shift and does not have time to go to the mess hall for food, so he cooks most of his meals.  He likes to cook and the microwave and the grill were not fitting the bill.  So I got him this double burner.  He loves it!  He can make anything now.  If he wants scrambled eggs, he cooks it.  If he wants mashed potatoes, now he can boil the potatoes.  His favorite is chicken with rice.  While he is cooking the chicken on one burner, he is steaming the rice on the other.  It is great!  Thank you
MULTIPLE USE BOWL. THIS 2 QT BOWL HAS MANY USES . I USE IT FOR MIXING , SERVING AND BAKING.  IT IS WONDERFUL FOR MACARONI AND CHEESE , ALSO HAVE DONE  COBBLERS .   I HAVE 6 DIFFERENT COLORS . ONCE YOU GET ONE YOU WILL HAVE TO  GET ANOTHER AND ANOTHER
Great size. My only gripe would be the thickness.  If that dimension was in the description, I probably would not have bought this.  I just use a towel underneath it to keep it from moving around
Thank goodness for Corelle!. I have carpal tunnel in both hands and am pretty sick and tired of my heavy old IKEA dishes. My sister bought this set for me and I love it! Not only does it look great in my retro red kitchen but the dishes are light and easy for me to handle. Can't say enough how much I love them! My only complaint is that the set doesn't come with any lunch size dishes. I want those size plates and can't seem to find them in this pattern anywhere. If anyone knows where to buy them- let me know :-
Good Ice Cream!. We found the ice cream maker itself very good and reminded us of the models available that we used in the 70's.  The only complaint was the recipe book which gave the recipe for vanilla ice cream for a 6 quart freezer.  We made the amount according to directions and found it was way more liquid than the recommended just over 1/2 fill on the container.  If we add all of the ingredients as to cups of liquid it is much more than 12 cups.  This needs to be corrected.  Otherwise, it was wonderful
If it doesn't annoy the dog, make it annoy the owner. I bought this bark stop because my neighbor has a pit bull that stays out 24/7 barking, and the shared fence is about 15 feet from my bedroom window.  The dog barks so loud, there is no where in my house that I can retreat to for silence.  I bought this super bark stop in hopes of quieting the dog.  The dog is so stupid that it barks even more when the noise starts up.  So we turned the volume up so that the neighors hear it too.  That's what did it.  As soon as the dog started barking and the alarm sounded, the dog was brought in.  That was until the neighbor broke it with a broom stick so we are buying another one.  Too bad for them
great. This worked liked a champ. Doing everything it said it would do. The only reason I did not give it a five is that there are numbers 1 through 12 on the unit that appear to be able to mark the hours that the unit is incubating.  They do nothing. I geuss they are just for show. Why?
Perfect!. I found this on line 2 days ago and read all of the reviews about having a hard time finding it. I thought I would take a shot in the dark and call my local Target to see if they had any in stock. Fortunatly they had 3 in stock and I went to pick it up after work that day. I brought it home and assembled it in 20 minutes. It looks perfect in my living room with my cherry wood furniture. &#60;br /&#62;I am very pleased with my purchase
Undercounter spice cabinets. Bought two cabinets.  Was enough to hold all my spices.  All the jars are now right at hand, and then fold up out of sight when I am through. Am amazed at how much cabinet space I have now
Used every other day for 2 years. I eat a breakfast sandwich every single morning and it calls for a poached egg.  I bought this one because it was inexpensive and I wasn't entirely sure if I would make that many breakfast sandwiches.  Well 2 yrs later I am looking for one that makes more than 2 eggs at a time, but unless you use this as much as I do it will likely be more than sufficient.It can hold any size egg and it's best to make 2 at a time.  Eggs have a tendancy to explode unless you stop them 2/3 of the way through and poke at them with a fork a bit.  Clean-up is a pain in the behind and putting it in the dishwasher only leaves you with stuck-on cooked egg.  However it's easy to store, does the job and you have perfectly poached eggs in 2+ minutes.  I am giving 5 stars because I have more than gotten my monies worth and it does make nice, evenly cooked eggs.
Nothing spectacular but it works. I got 2 of these 3 weeks ago and now it is selling for $5 less which is very annoying.  That aside, I was happy to report that the ones I got haven't had the problem of the other reviewers.  My family have been used a Zojurushi thermal for over 20 years and it finally had to be retired since we cracked it.  We use it to keep water hot.  I did a test, 12 hours after I put boiling water in, I checked the termperature, it was 152F which is not boiling but hot enough to scorch my mouth.  It does what it's supposed to and it has that industrial styling, if that's what you like
sheet set. Love the color on these purple sheets. they wash up well. would highly recommend
Grind is consistent; Quieter than others. I've gone through a number of grinders over the years and am hoping that this kitchenaid will last longer than others.  The grind is consistent and quite adjustable.  Even with a glass container, there is still static causing cling to the sides and dispersal of grinds on the counter.  A small price to pay for fresh ground coffee.  Because it's a slower, it's quieter.  The flavor of the brew is better because the beans weren't heated when ground.Read the instruction manual for happy results the first time.Another commenter says Kitchenaid will replace the hopper or the receptacle with a later design that works better.  I'm thinking about following up on that ... the beans didn't feed through, but only one time.  So I upended it and shook the beans back down and all was fine again
great for rugs in between vaccuuming. I have a four month old daughter, and finding time to vaccuum (it scares her if she's awake, and wakes her if she's sleeping) is practically non-existant.  I originally bought the the new Swiffer Carpet Flick; it's [..].  This sweeper is perfect for cleaning the rugs in between vaccuuming
A wine oh's dream. Easy and fast to use. Well constructed.No more glass chips with this baby.Lots of accessories included.Luv it
Love it. Love the knife.  The handle is a little thin, but that hasn't bothered me at all.  I love that it's all metal, and all one piece.
Fantastic. This is by far the best online purchase I have ever made.  It works perfect, just as advertised
Personal Electronics Power Station. Great idea!  Gets rid off the electric cord mess and gives you the perfect spot to keep everything while charging and storing without misplacing.  Not quite as sturdy as I expected, but still a great item
Love this item. The vase contains special color effects within the flower cuts that are beautiful in the light.  Especially effective is placement in a sunlit window where the colors can fill your room.  I gave this to a friend for Christmas and she LOVES it
Works alright for me!. This crock-pot works pretty well for me...It's easy to clean and I haven't noticed that the high/low setting are the same temp, but it hasn't burnt my food. The unit does get very hot on the outside, so keep it out of the reach of children.  The lid sometimes puffs up and down from the steam...but I don't know if that matters or not.  I haven't had any major problems with it yet, but if I would have read the reviews before purchasing I probably would have went with a more expensive crock-pot.
Great design, a lot of value for the cost!. This is certainly a rather expensive product, but in terms of design, rugged construction, peformance and value for cost, this item delivers.  Unlike some of the reviewers, I only have one cat, but I have people around regularly who are allergic to cats and the use of this product combined with a Bionaire air filter makes my home comfortable for my friends who have allergies.With respect to the vacuum itself, the claims are true.  The suction power is tremendous and remains so even as the vacuum gets full.  This product is also easy to maintain and for a refreshing change the marketing hype of the company appears to correspond with reality.  My understanding is that Dyson is a very reputable company in general and I am happy to give them my business.  This is definitely a case of you get what you pay for!  I'm a very satisfied customer and wouldn't hesitate to buy a Dyson product in the future
great for the value. i own the spin and save containers and hated them.  The lids did not fit and my husband took the containers to work for lunch and because they were tall they were hard to reheat and eat out of.  I love this the storage is great.  I am always having to fish around for the lids of containers and this system not only has a great price and a well known name it had the container sizes that i needed low and round.  The storage unit is great and the 2 larger cups use the same lid so there are only two diffrent size lids.  For those of you who have the spin and save and have the same problem i did with a little push the ziplock containers with the screw on lid fit in the spinny thing but they are tall as well.
Great Wash Clothes!. Although these are not #1 Quality towels, for the money, they are absolutely fabulous!  Soft, rich and absorbent.  Very nice quality and I've had many compliments on them.  A couple of the reviews said "low quality" "Wal-marty", not true!  These towels do not stiffen, fray, etc.  With every wash the softness gets better and better.  I can't afford the "rich people" towels, but I think these sure do come close
Newest Version Continues To Do The Job. We owned a second generation Ice Tea Pot for 6 years without complaint, but even the best things wear out over time.  The newest version of the Ice Tea Maker isn't much different from the previous versions.  If you love iced tea, you realy can't miss with this item.  The only drawback...since tea stains, they are very hard to keep like new
Flipfold Review. This product is a wonderful incentive to get kids folding laundry. My girls (ages 9 and 7) love to use it. However, as with anything it gets a little tedious and old after the "newness" has worn off.The flipfold does a great job at folding shirts, pants,pillow cases, etc... virtually wrinkle free. If you keep your laundry up and have time to take it out and use it every time, it is well worth the money. However, if you are like me and can barely keep your head above water trying to get all the neccessities done on a daily basis, you may find you don't use it as much as you would like simply because of the time issue.MW
Happy thus far. I received my Reconditioned Waring Juice Extractor today.  So far, so good.I've wanted to have a juicer for a long time, but was discouraged becasue of the prices.   This unit sells refubed for $25-$30 here on ebay.   For that price, I had to order.Assembly takes about 30 seconds.  I sliced up an apple and tossed in some celery and a pear.  The motor sounds very powerful and went through everything I tossed in there quite quickly.   Wow.   Very good.  I can see this is going to cost a lot in fresh fruits and veggies.Now, I wouldn't say mine is completely splash free, but only a few tiny drops at most escaped.  The fiber/pulp that was left behind was moist, but not dripping wet.  I'd give it an 87% for extraction.Clean up was easy.  There are basically 6 parts to this thing.   The metal cup, the spinning bit, the catching part, the lid, the plundger, and the motor/main unit.  They all come apart for easy cleaning.The spinning bit's screen gets gunk clogging the holes, but that cleans easily with a sponge and the included brush.   The catch, pludger, and lid are plastic and can go in the upper part of the dish washer.  Or you can do it by hand in about a minute.Great deal thus far
Very good absorption for the $ (no longer a good value!). I really like these training pads.  The gel is pretty absorbent for the cost.  I would recommend these.Revision: I, too, am not happy with the price increase.  I went back to the economy pads from Petsmart
Makes cooking a joy. We live in a RV Coach and I love to cook.  Space is sometimes a problem, so I have used many different types of coil burnes, but this one is the best.  With an adjustable leg it allows for a level large base cooking element for many different sizes of pots or pans.   Also, unlike others I have used, when you set it to a temperature it stays constant at that temp. till I adjust it up or down.  Great product
Like butter. I don't know about "ergonomic."  It just seems more thickly padded, and that's a good thing.  The ease and smoothness of use is a revelation after struggling for years with a so-called "Good Grips."
My 4 cats love it! (216 oz size). I was concerned from other reviews that it might be too noisy-after the pump fills and starts the waterfall, it is very quiet, almost inaudible. All of my cats love drinking out of it. I clean it weekly, which admittedly isn't as easy as cleaning a plain water bowl, but I think it's worth the extra 10 minutes. It's funny as now they wait for me to put the fountain back vs. drinking out of a plain bowl. I use the filtered water from my refrigerator and the charcoal filters that came w/ it. The customer service from Entirely [...] was wonderful and this item arrived in a few days. I now shop directly at their web store since they carry CNET dental cat chews that really clean their teeth-Greenies get gobbled too quickly w/o any dental effect
Fiesta Persimmon Medium Canister, 2 Quarts. I love it.The lid doesn't always close enough to hid the white rubber seal.Other than that it is great
Just enough air circulation. I bought this fan for my desk at work.have been using the fan the just about every day and it provides enought air circulation to keep me cool.But the fan is not that far from me.If your expecting to use this from far, buy something bigger, but if your looking for something to put on your desk, this is perfect
so far so good. For me--an adult already knowing how to sew on big machines, this was marketed as a kid's learn to sew sewing machine, but I bought it for basic fixes. So far, it seems like it will serve that purpose--small jobs. For a mini, it's adorable and similar to the real ones. needles are replaceable, threading is similar, bobbins can be loaded, and there's even a power pedal. I love the fact that it's portable--using 4 AAs. Instructions are horrible. Descriptive, but not instructive. Ask someone who knows how to sew. Cute otherwise
Hot Fries, Get Your Hot Fries!!. Great appliance.  Stainless steel exterior on the heating chamber makes cleanup a snap.  The removable heating element, and ceramic coated oil container make cleanup easy also.  The dual wire baskets with folding handles for storage make life simpler by being able to cook two different foods at once.  It takes a little longer than some to heat, but this is a lot of oil.  The temperature control, and preheat light make perfect cooking simple.  No, I don't work for this company.  I have been using a Presto Fry Daddy for a couple of decades, and there is no comparison.  This is an appliance made for people who cook, not just reheat, although it will work well for them also
Hard use, loved it, want another!. I have a day care and we use this sweeper multiple times a day.  We love it!  It's so perfect for quick pick ups on the carpet and the floors!  We want another, and my helpers want to order one for their homes, too!  For the price, you can't beat it
Efficient, powerful, and fun!. I have been researching vacuum cleaners for months now. My criteria: light weight (I have stairs in my house), bagless, hose attachments, under $100. My gut instinct was to go with this one, but after reading a few less-than-glowing reviews, I felt hesitant. After all my searching, I came back to this one.I used it tonight and the whole time that I was vacuuming I kept thinking that I needed to get on here and write a review because this thing is fabulous! The amount of dirt it sucked out of my carpet is embarrassing (yet thrilling!). We have carpet and hardwood and it easily sucked up everything in its path, both visible and invisible. We used to have cats and I thought we had seen the last of the cat hair. But when I dumped the cup out in the trash, I saw a few wads of cat hair that I had no idea were lying around.Time will only tell if its durability stands up or not. I know other reviewers have had problems with durability. But for now I am extremely happy with this purchase. It fits all of my criteria AND its so fun to use! A great color and its small size means that it fits easily into my coat closet. I highly recommend it!
Nice kids pillow. My son loves it very nice. It is a nice gift for ages below 5. It got a good shape, nice grip to hold
Bargain-hunter's Dream. This knife block has ample capacity plus a built-in sharpener.  Knives of all kinds can be stored.  Construction is solid and durable, with non-skid pads on its bottom.  The price is well below competitive offerings in this category.   Its appearance is handsome with good color and a finished surface
Don't ignore the fine print. This blender looks pretty nice, it is small, and it requires less cleaning than traditional blenders.  It is also higher quality than other one cup blenders.  That aside... the instructions say that you cannot put the cups into the dishwasher so you must wash by hand.  The cups also have measurement marks on the side, but they are very hard to read. One cup was washed by mistake and the plastic became fuzzy.The blender will chop full sized iced cubes, but not well, it  leaves big chunks.  If you crush the ice first with your fridge dispenser or with another machine, then this blender does a much better job. Tribest does sell an ice crusher attachment but not with the package I bought.With thicker shakes content can get stuck up at the bottom of the cup. Do not shake the blender to move the stuck content down towards the blades while the machine is running, this will make the motor smell like burning rubber.  Take the cup off, shake it, then put it back on the motor. Also place ice, hard stuff toward the top, close to the blades, and protein powder right at the top, the first thing to touch the blades.  These tidbits are not in the instructions but are necessary to avoid excessive shaking and scraping protein powder off the side of the cup later.The instructions also say not to run the unit for more than 60 seconds at a time with 45 seconds in between.  This is probably because there is only a 200 watt motor in the thing.  The problem is that 60 seconds is not enough time to blend most smoothies that have ice.Don't get me wrong, I have used this blender everyday for ten weeks and it is still much better than a larger blender, easier to clean, less noisy, and smaller.Oh, and the biggest benefit.  Since the container is small, 16 oz there is not a lot of air that gets incorporated into the drink.  In a normal sized blender the contents expand when making one drink and all that air can make you feel bloated. With this blender there is less air that can be whipped up into your single serving smoothie
Milkshake makers. The quality is very nice and it is easy to use.  The grandkids love it
THE BEST CAT TOY!. Our 3 cats LOVE "da Bird".  We special ordered it b/c we can't get it at our petstore & our cats absolutely love the one we received from my cousin as a gift.  This is the best cat toy we have ever seen & the cats jump so high & LOVE it!!  It is fun to watch them play
Quality Aquascaping at an affordable price. When I first read about this product I was intrigued but when I actually bought and installed it I was in a word, mesmerized. In my aquariums I have live plants as well as fish and I keep the regular fluorescents on a 12 hr cycle. The aquarium laser system comes on just when the regular lights shut off. At night it looks breathtaking and the fish really seem to enjoy swimming through the lights. My fish actually cast shadows on the floor when passing through.The system comes with green and blue modules but you can add up to 3 more and they have other colors to choose from. In my opinion the green and blue are the best as they are by far the most vibrant. I also found that the company itself is very good with customer service. I emailed them once or twice with some rather specific questions about the system modules and general operation procedures. They were prompt and very informative in their reply.Some might feel I'm being a bit generous to offer them 5 stars so easily but consider that this product to my knowledge is one of the most unique on the market in as far as aquarium lighting goes. Not only was it a great idea but I've seen no other company put out a similar product. If your looking for a great product to dress up your aquarium at night and to do it affordably I'd honestly say that MiracleBeam has no equal
Top quality clean smoking wood. While this is among the more expensive smoking wood I've purchased it is easily the best quality. Few of the pieces have any bark on them, and this is important if you want to avoid off flavors. The wood was clean, dry and well packaged. While I have several other smoke woods on hand, this is the one I keep going back to. It is being used both for grilling and long low temperature BBQ cooking and works well for either
GREAT WAFFLES using hints from unhappy cooks... Last weekend my niece and I went out to find a waffle iron for my sister's birthday. My sister makes waffles at least once a week for her family of four and had been complaining about how slow and small her aging waffle iron was.   This Cuisinart unit is the high-end one many departments stores are offering and it looks good, so we brought it home.  Only later that day did I read the reviews here, which left me feeling a little nervous.Not to worry...  Thanks to other cooks documenting their bad experiences, I was able to pass on a few caveats and, voila!, great waffles.  Here's all you need to do:*  Position the waffle iron so the top doesn't touch anything when it's open.  It does get hot, like many waffle irons.  Also, make sure to open and close the top using the non-metallic handle, which is large enough and stays cool.  Makes sense.*  Use a non-stick spray before making the first waffle of the day, while it's pre-heating.  We had no problem with sticking and the waffle iron cleaned up easily with a paper towel.*  Experiment to find the right amount of batter for your favorite recipe.  Based on others complaining about overflows, we started with 1 cup, rather than the 1 1/2 cups the instructions suggest.  By the second waffle, my sister concluded that 1 1/4 cups works just right for her recipe.*  Spread the batter into a roughly rectangular shape before closing the top, leaving an inch or so around the edges.  You don't have to be in a huge hurry and it doesn't have to be perfect.*  Experiment to find the right setting for the crispness and color you like.  The beeper seems to go off when the time indicated by the dial setting has elapsed.  We started at a setting of 4.5,  the beeper went off before the waffle was quite crisp, and by the second waffle, my sister concluded that a setting of 5 is just right.*  Before pouring the next waffle, close the top to preheat and wait for the beeper.*  If your batter does overflow, don't be in a hurry to clean it up, which will just smear it.  Let it cook on and when you're finished, it ought to come off pretty easily.  No big deal.My sister doesn't find the beeper annoying.  In fact it just means she doesn't have to keep her eye on the light while she's eating with her family.  Just looking at the underside of the waffle iron, my bet is you could disconnect the beeper if it bugs you.My sister's family says her wonderful waffles are even better now... bigger, golden brown, and even a little fluffier and crisper.  And for the first time the waffles were arriving at the table fast enough that nobody had to wait long for the next one.As you might imagine, I'm thinking about ordering one from Amazon for my own family..
Perfect. These are so adorable! The patterns are too cute, and they can be mixed and matched just like boring cups and saucers. They even make me happy when I see them in the cabinet. They are a great shape and size! I am inspired to upgrade my espresso machine because these only deserve the best!
World's Best Really Is The Best!!!. I have a multi-cat household, and after trying several different litters, I can tell you that this litter tops them all. It is completely bio-degradable, which means you can flush everything, has practically no dust, and very good smell coverage. I love it when people come in my house and say they can't believe I have even one cat, let alone seven! Of course, I am a religious scooper, and no litter is good if you don't clean it regularly and often, but World's Best really lives up to it's name
Nicer than we expected. For the price, this bread box can't be beat.  It's larger and roomer than we thought it would be - just right for bread, buns and an extra (bagels, muffins, cookies, etc.).  Looks neat and nice on the counter.   Well ventilated, too.
LOVE IT!. This has been the perfect purchase for my baking and cake decorating needs.  I can't believe what a great job it does in mixing my decorators frosting. & clean up is so easy
fuggeddaboutit. Hair all ovah? sick of sweepin??? fuggeddaboudit. And Don't listen to that wuss who complained about the hair flyin in her face. What a wuss. All ya haffta do wid dis ding is gently pull it over your kitty's back and baddaging baddabang. NO MORE LOOSE HAYAH.In all seriousness folks. I was amazed at how well this worked, and it will CERTAINLY cut down on the daily clean up of shed hair from any shedding pet. My cat LOVES it too. So there ya go, take it from a SOPRANO
Brikka 2-Cup. I agree with Daigo and others that the Brikka (I only have the 2-cup model) makes a really nice caf that, while technically not espresso, is very, very tasty.  And the 2-cup model DOES produce crema.As for david's results, it's puzzling.  If the coffee is boiling in the upper chamber, I'd guess not enough pressure is building.  I would speculate that the seal between the chambers is not complete.  Check to see if there are any grounds breaking the seal before you screw them together.  If there is nothing blocking a perfect seal, I'd suspect a defect.  Even if the 2-cup model is superior to the 4-cup, I can't imagine a functioning 4-cup to produce the results you're getting
love these towels. they're just perfect.  nice and thick and thirsty, just the way i like e
You want good food, and enjoy making it?. Firstly, gotta love T-fal's non-stick surfaces which are really durable and easy to clean. The colours on this range are really vibrant and can liven up your otherwise bland kitchen space. The combination of these 2 pans really make it a pleasure to cook up a storm
No more messy wires!. I purchased 2 of these units in hopes of organizing the endless pile of wires. Between the cell phones, Bluetooths, Gameboys etc. it sure did the trick. I personally love them because it keeps the wires organized and my family loves them because they always know where to find there electronics fully charged
Cool. These glasses are exactly what I hoped they would be.  Cool, fun and different.  I won't be reserving these only for martinis!
great for crepes and eggs. nothing sticks to this pan.  Even the first crepe is perfect
Beautiful Tray Great Price. I was looking for a Black Tray, I found it on Zak Designs, when the Tray arrived, OH My Gosh, Is so Beautiful Much Better Than The picture.I am very happy with this Purchase.Excellent Service, Fast Shipping,1st Quality, and the price Great!!.Zak Designs are one of the Best Sites I would recomend A++++.ThanksYou have a return Customer on meHG from New Jerse
Better than I expected. These little knives are great.  I was desparate for a sharp knife, so I took a chance.  I would not give them up for twice the price
worth the price. My old carafe had broken, and I was looking for a replacement.  This was the only one available and in stock.  Although I thought it was a little expensive, I love my Krups coffee maker and really needed a new carafe, so I went ahead and ordered it.  It certainly was worth the price.  The coffee stays hot for hours!!  This carafe is better than the one that came with the coffee maker and was worth every penny I paid for it
These bags are the only way to go. If you have a handheld Dirt Devil vac, these bags are really the only good option. And, they are hard to find at Target, Wal-Mart and the grocery stores. I'm not sure why they are so difficult to find in Atlanta, but I had to resort to Amazon.com and pay shipping. It's worth it, as they fit perfectly
Should be a terrific sharpener. I currently own a sharpener similar to the one above that I bought years ago at a farm fair and they do a terrific job at keeping knives sharp. One thing that is not mentioned, eventually the sharpener needs to be cleaned to keep it working well, all that you need to do is wash it and wipe off the shapener to keep it in top working orde
Maybe TOO good of suction. This thing really does have awesome suction ... but maybe too much.  When using the hose with attachments, there is SO much suction that the hose wants to collapse down still.  Takes lots of strengh to use the hose with attachments.  Otherwise as a vaccum, it is awesome.
Awesome!!. Not an animal person myself, but I bought this for my aunt, the dog lover.  She said her dogs go crazy with this thing for hours.  The other reviews were correct, they absolutely love it.
Nice product!!. Previously I owned a Nissan/Thermos Stainless steel 16 oz. backpack Vacuum bottle with a flip lid.  The plastic bottom broke when I dropped it.  I try to preserve things, yet as time persisted the plastic lid also fell apart and lost it's seal.  Not much to really go wrong with this unit since it appears to be mostly stainless steel.  I am a little weary of the interior non-stick coating though.  Nevertheless I use this product every day and have been satisfied 100% so far.  I'd recommend it
Butterfly NapkinHolder. Overally satisfied with the product. It has a delicate design and elogant outlook
It  takes Bling, but well worth it !!!. Does everthing it says it does! Makes great smoothies and all the frozen drinks you can think of. Yes, you can blend drinks in a blender, but this puts the extra edge on the drink and makes a great conversation while your being drink master. This is great for a kids party! I would buy a drink recipe book that shows non-alcoholic drinks
SOFT!. Fluffy, soft, and thick! Definitely a good buy for yourself or as a gift.Very absorbent, too
Great Floor Lamp. I'm very satisfied with this floor lamp.  The light is a warm glow.  It seems to stand level.  I've noted in other reviews that some buyers have had problems with the shade, but mine seems to be fine.
New Favorite Pan. I had looked at the oval saute pan for quite awhile.  I'm a Rachel Ray fan, so I'd seen her use it too.  Frequently I found my pans bumping each other on my stove top and I have a large stove top.  I decided to try the oval pan and it didn't disappoint.  It cooks evenly and is easy to clean-up.  It holds a ton of food another plus for me since I often double recipes.  I would highly recommend this product and plan to purchase addition Anolon pans
Very nice for the price. After looking at local stores and at more expensive brands on line, we decided to take a chance on these.  I am glad we did.  They are very nice and good quality.  My kids love them.  We are planning to order another set soon
great!. these are great! they hold a lot more than my old hampers, and seem very sturdy. the do collapse with weight (ie a mis-aimed shirt or a cat attempting to walk on the rim), but no problems. A great deal. They are also a bit wider than advertised if I remember correctly, at 17.5 inches across and almost 22 inches tall, but I managed to stuff them into my alotted space
Bar &amp; Wine Enthusiast. The photo above does not do this item justice.  When my Metrokane Complete Bartender arrived I was blown away by how beautiful it is in person.  Not only is it a wonderful addition to any bar with it's sleek, retro styling but it is the only set you'll need with the quality Metrokane construction that many have come to know on the beloved Rabbit corkscrew.  I strongly recommend
doggies love it. Great value for the money. There are other kennels out there built as well, but they cost twice the money. This kennel is well made and the color is nice.
This toy is a MUST for cat owners!. I have two kittens which are spoiled rotten and have more toys than they can ever wish for.  This is by far one of their favorites.  They love the moving ball and use the center scratch area often (keeps them off the furniture and other areas.) I know they play with it daily.  Very reasonably priced and definitely a must for cats!!
Sexy Knives. These knives are gorgeous!  They really are sexy.  Every one is forged from one solid piece of high-carbon German stainless steel.  There are no other pieces attached to form a handle, pieces that could come loose over the years.  They are full tang knives, meaning the metal of the blade continues all the way through the handle.  They are substantial and feel solid in your hand.  They are masculine and minimal.  The only "frill" being a light sandblasting on the handle to provide some grip.    They look great in this single guy's stainless kitchen.Now all that being said, the slight negative is that this knife set left me still wanting more.  Assuming you keep the six (great) steak knives with your regular cutlery, the knife block is left with four extra slots.  The reason for this is that this 15-piece set still does not contain the entire "Contemporary Stainless" collection.  Three of the knives are 8 inches and the two smaller knives, utility and paring, are kind of basic straight knives.  So the day after I bought this 15-piece set, I went and bought the tomato/bagel knife and the 5" boning knife.  There is no cleaver included either, and there may be others.Just because this is not a complete collection doesn't mean these knives aren't great or aren't worth it.  I highly recommend them and give them five stars.  It's just good to know what you are getting, as well as what you are not getting. These knives will blow your old, plastic handled, Ikea knives out of the water
nice product, but a complaint. I bought this as a present for someone, and so did not see the state when it arrived at the recipient's door.  When this package was shipped, it was not properly packed in the box, with the glass base put into the bottom of the box with no packing support, and so arrived to the recipient with shattered with small pieces of glass all over the inside of the box.  Thankfully, you took it back and sent a new one, which was packed better.  I just hope that this is not a common occurance, or I will not be ordering anything from Target through you again.  Thank you, though, for dealing with the reshipment so promptly.
Perfect Gift. I bought this for my son's new mother-in-law for Christmas.  It was perfect.  Beautifully painted with no detail untouched.  It was shipped promptly and arrived in excellent condition.  This is just one piece from what I can tell, a beautiful set of Fat French-Italian pieces.  More to purchase over the next few years.  I am sure it will be enjoyed by anyone who purchases this teapot.
Better than professional sharpening!. BUY THIS PRODUCT IF YOU EVER PLAN ON USING A KNIFE.I have a decent set of Henckels that I bought about 4 years ago. I've had them professionally sharpened twice since I bought them and was never really satisfied with the edge that they came back with. I bought the M130 and have used it once and what a difference! My knives have never been sharper! I find myself wanting to prepare meals more often just so I get to use my killer "new" knives. I also used this sharpener on some other utility knives, pocket knives, carving knives, etc. If I could sharpen it I did it with the M130 and have never been happier!
Hilda Loves It!. It's Grrrreat, according to Hilda! She constantly brings each of her Kongs (5 of 'em) trying to get me to Stuff'N Liver Paste them
Excellent product - Excellent Price. My wife and I had been planning to replace the blender that was a wedding present from nearly 40 years ago. When we came across this one, we couldn't believe we could get a high quality blender for this price, but we decided to go ahead and order. We were not disappointed. This is very high quality blender that doesn't have a scratch or blem anywhere and performs wonderfully. We had some friends over who regularly make frozen margaritas and they were amazed at the power and performance of this machine. In our opinion, you can't go wrong buying this blender.
Excellent all purpose mop. I have tile floors and two pets and this mop keeps my floors in great condition!  When you have 2 young children and a dog who tracks in dirt all day long, the floors get pretty dirty.  The scrubbing head is great for getting the toughest dirt spots out and the sponge head keeps streaking to a minimum.  Even works well on my bathroom floors where I have the super small times and lots of cracks for stuff to build up
Mission Natural CD Tower is Wonderful. This is functional, yet very nice to look at and is extremely easy to put together.  It holds alot of DVD's or CD's and looks nice with any deco
Excellent product, highly recommend. This is a very well made pan.  The interior and exterior has a smooth non-stick finish.  I used the recipe that comes with the pan and the popovers turned out perfectly every time.  The recipe is foolproof.Additionally, my husband is just so impressed with the popovers (how lucky since they are so easy).  If you have never made popovers before I think you will be amazed at how simple they are to pull together.  If you can put together a cake mix you have more than enough skills to make a popover.  They really are ridiculously simple to prepare.This pan makes a large popover.  I use this size for lunches as a vehicle to hold shrimp or chicken salad.  It holds enough salad for a grown man for lunch.If you are looking for the dinner size popovers check out the 12-count size by the same manufacturer.I highly recommend this pan to anyone interested in making popovers at home.
Great buy. Got this piece as a fast solution and turned out works so well that i never went to buy a steel one as i had planed.The lid works great and helps get out the extra water and works good as a double strainer for homemade fresh juices too!
Tight fitting lid, nice window but one little problem... Maybe I did not read the directions and was too eager to start using them but I washed and rinsed the containers before using them for the first time and water seeped between the container and plastic liner.  I did not submerge them and was trying hard not to let any water near the seams but it wicked in anyway and took forever to dry out.  I'm concerned that over time flour powder will get between and when I wash them again something nasty might grow.  I'll probably use a damp cloth to clean them to avoid this
Solid. Excellent because: red light that stays on when plugged in (safety), large surface area to grab on to, fits well in most spaces, adjustable leg works as expected
Bodum Chambord French Press coffee maker. I am delighted with the performance of this product coupled with the Bodum coffee grinder: efficient, easy to use and to clean. An excellent solution for my purposes
essential equipment. essential to keep your cat odors locked away.  I panic if I run out of replacement filters because that means I'm back to the daily grind of scooping into grocery bags and then making the trek to the dumpster
Fiesta Periwinkle is beautiful. This has been my favorite color. It is just the right shade to beautifully coordinate with all the blue designs in my Polish pottery.  My kids prefer the brighter colors, but I think periwinkle is the most elegant. It is absolutely the color for those who favor blue
I have two!. Strange...one has the kitchenAid Emblem & the other looks exactly as pictured.  Both are Onyx black.I do prefer the one pictured...I purchased at Target.  The most comfortable pealer I've ever used!  Plus, it's very easy to use & the blade is sharp whether you're pealing outward or toward yourself.The one with the round KA emblem I purchased at Chef's catalog.  It is nice, but much heavier & thicker...probably much better for larger hands.  Otherwise, it is just as good as the one pictured.
Great little heater. I use this heater to heat our sun porch turing the spring and fall, as well as take the chill out of the basement for my morning workouts during the winter - it does a great job, although it is kinda small. If you need to warm up a room-sized area (I'd say up to 16 x 16), this is a wonderful, reasonably priced unit
Large Oxo Salad Spinner. I am very pleased with my new salad spinner. It can hold a large amount of salad, which means I do not have to reload and do the work over and over. The mechanism is easy to use and works smoothly. I am also able to soak the salad in icewater in it, and then drain it and spin, all in the same piece of equipment.
Super Mini Fridge. I bought this fridge for my husband for "his room". It has worked out great. It doesn't take up much room and keeps the drinks cold. He has traveled with it and even though he didn't plug it in, it still kept his drinks cold throughout his entire trip (which covered 5 states). I would highly recommend this lil' fridge
Would be lost without this now!. I have the Melitta One coffeemaker and have tried all the java pods.  I add just a touch of cream to the coffees and nothing to the green tea pod.  For those who are not familiar with the coffeemaker--it comes with separate inserts to brew tea.  Takes about two seconds to switch out. Green tea is my favorite but there are also raspberry, chai and others.
No Such Thing as Too Big!. Not only good for hot beverages, including that caffeine-overdose-sized morning coffee,  these mugs also make great soup, chili, ice cream and cereal bowls!  Add some color and fun to your kitchen with this great Fiestaware jumbo mug set
good product. I really enjoy this product. They work great and are so easy to use. They make canning so much easier.
Nice Cutting Board. This is a very functional cutting board.  Used it to replace a wodden cutting board I'd been using for years.  My only complaint is that there are no feet on the bottom of the board to keep it from sliding around, but solved the problem by purchasing some from [local store] that you can attach yourself
AZ Chef. I recieved this knife set as a gift and at first was very pleased with it. The product claims to be dishwasher safe, but after cleaning them in the dishwasher, they developed rust spots. Also I would recomend getting the knife block for them, because without it the knifes take up a lot of space. Not to metion if you were to reach in to the drawer and grab the wrong side. Overall, the set it very good, just don't put them in the dish washer, and get the block.
Great value but not perfect. The cookie jar is very nice and was a very good price.  The lid fit is a just a bit off, so that it does not sit totaly flat on the jar
Cuisinart Chef's Classic 10 in. open skillet. It is everything I wanted. Seems to be sturdy except the bottom scratches easily. Should last for years. I find it to be better than the Cephalon that I already have. Much lighter to handle
Lot's of fun!. Got this fryer for Christmas and it is great.  Oil draining system is so helpful to keep it clean and I like how you lift out the element and oil pan for cleaning.  The filter system seems to work OK.  You still know you've been frying when your through.  The only reason I didn't give it a 5 rating is that there seems to be some sharp edges on the frame that could cut.  Other than that it is a great fryer
Casserole. This is a large casserole but quite wide and flat- great for somethings like paella but not good for anything very runny or requiring long slow cooking.  It is a great extra but doesn't replace a big deep casserole which I had to buy additionally
great desk!. I bought this desk with the hutch. The assembly is super super easy on this desk. It looks great and is very sturyd and solid. My only complaint is that the screws and washers had this greasy stuff on them, so sometimes, the phillip's head came out of the grooves when trying to assemble the desk. Otherwise, great buy at a great value
POLDER STEP STOOL WITHOIUT RAIL. THIS STEP STOOL IS VERY HANDY FOR REACHING HIGH SHELVES IN KITCHEN CABINETS AS WELL AS FOR MANY OTHER USES.  IT FOLDS VERY COMPACTLY FOR STORAGE.  I DO HAVE ONE COMPLAINT AND THAT IS THE FLIMSY CARRYING HANDLE.  IT BROKE SHORTLY AFTER I RECEIVED IT.  I CALLED POLDER AND ASKED ABOUT A REPLACEMENT HANDLE AND WAS TOLD THAT THEY COULD NOT SUPPLY ONE, EVEN IF I WOULD PAY FOR IT.  CONSEQUENTLY, I COULD NOT GIVE THE POLDER STEP STOOL FIVE STARS
Big glasses for big reds. Really big red wines deserve a really big glass.  The Reidel Magnum has just the right capacity and design to let that big red open up to full potential. After many sips, you can even get tacky, lick your finger, swirl the rim, and let the lead-free crystal sing
Perfect!!!!. These are the cutest salt & pepper shakers ever! I had read that they were way to small and required frequent refills. However, unless you prefer the taste of a salt lick to food or are serving dinner to entire hockey teams, you should be fine. They are actually a little on the large side for a dinner set. But at any rate you can't beat the great mushroom shape and wonderfull colors. A must have for anyone who loves Fiestaware!
Great  sheets. The thread counts makes the sheets thick and warm. The only thing I didn't like was the fact they're not perm a press. But I'll take the wrinkles any day for the value of these sheets
Excellent dishware. You just can't go wrong with Fiestaware.  It's sturdy, durable, attractive, cleans up easily (from table to dishwasher to cabinet).  And if my rough-on-dishes family can't break it, no one can
Better than the powered ones... This is wonderful.  I have arthritis and my sister got the litter maid, but that ended up having to be scooped on a regular basis which was hard on me.  I actually enjoy working with this.  The only drawback is sometimes smaller clumps of litter can get stuck below the drawer, but using really good litter, and not too much of it stops that.  I told my sister she should replace her own litter maid with this
Paying for the Convenience. I've owned a Littermaid Mega for about 5 years and I really wish I had been able to buy this stand sooner. We have two cats and we're terribly lazy. We've had this stand for a few months and it works as described. It has drastically reduced the smell and the need to clean the box. WE LOVE THIS STAND and it has made life a lot more bearable when it comes to the litter box.Our old Littermaid just died on us and we went to replace it with a new Littermaid Elite but the stand isn't large enough. The newer Elite model is much longer than this stand and it will hang off the back and over the sides. We love that stand more than we want the newer Littermaid Elite and we are getting a great deal on the old style of the Littermaid Mega from Amazon. I would just be aware, before buying this, that it only fits the old style of Littermaids. That being said, if you're handy with power tools and woodwork than you might be able to modify it...it is a simple design.
Make Your Wine Look and Taste Better. For years I've noticed that excellent restaurants all use Riedel glasses.  Finally I gave in and bought some.  I wish I bought them sooner.  These glasses make wine look and taste the best it can.  For the price of a few bottles of mid-priced wine, you can make all your wine taste better
Nice Product. I'm very happy with this colander, it's well-made, durable, easy to clean and looks great
Great HEPA filter. The Hunter 30901 Replacement Pre-Filter for the HEPAtech Quiet Flo Air Purifier is one of the best on the market. Use exclusively in our office building with the Hunter 30940 Replacement Filter which works well for reducing our mold contaminants.
Great. I have this bowl and the larger one. They are perfect bowls for mixing. The rubber base really helps the bowl stay put. I was them in the dishwasher without any problems
Not Bad. Unlike other reviewers, I didn't have any problem putting this item together.  While I'll admitt that the directions are poorly written, anyone with a little mechanical common sense can do this with no problem.  This certaintly isn't a fine piece of furniture (it's from Target, what do you expect?, but it looks pretty good, is functional, and the price is right.
Storage Shelf with Translucent Bins. I love the colors of the bins and the fact that the shelf unit is white so it looks good in a girlie room. It's so nice to find something like this that doesn't only come in primary colors. However, there are no plugs to put in the MANY holes on the sides of the shelf unit and that makes it look a bit on the cheap side. Also, the first one I received had most of the bins broken during transport. I returned that one, was shipped another one, and I thought all the bins were fine until I had already put it together when I found that one of these bins was, indeed, broken along the edge. I didn't want to put it all back together and do another return so I kept the one I have, broken bin and all.So, while I do really like the unit and it serves it's purpose well, it does have it's pitfalls to be careful of
Very nice product. I bought these for my husband, a single malt scotch lover, and he was extremely pleased with the product. The shape of the glass makes his scotch tasting more enjoyable. The glass along the tulip shaped top is a little thin, be careful when washing
Wonderful!!!!. We tried littermaid and still use it in our motor home, but we absolutly LOVE the cat genie for our 2 spoiled and large cats. We would not only buy it again, we're getting one for my sister for her birthday, and recomending it to everyone we know with cats. We've been using it for the past 5 months and it has clogged twice. [an easy clean-up and fix]  Much less hassle than the litter maid and no smell or dealing with overflowing cartridges. [ or my DH's attempts to 'modify' the littermaid so it will hold more, or use bags or boxes, etc... which never work and make a smelly MESS!!] Every now and then the 'soap box' will jiggle loose and might need a tap to re-seat it, but you get a beep to warn you.Now if they would only make a smaller cat genie for the rv
Wish I found this shower curtain sooner!. The hookless design of this shower curtain is GREAT, and because it is not as heavy (as other curtains I have tried) it is really easy to install. I'm so glad that I bought another one as a spare. Also, the waterproof material is elegant and many times nicer than cold plastic sheeting. I do wish that there would be a 71-by-82-Inch version for my taller guests.
Excellent quality and value!. Very luxurious sheets and affordable too! Would definitely recommend to family and friends
Excellent for the $$, so many uses. Have had this pan for almost a year now.  Use it 2 x week - still looks brand new.  So many uses. Big enough to make 3 grilled cheese   sandwiches, excellent for omelets, perfect to brown hamburger for tacos.  Highly recommend
Better Than I Thought. I used this fondue maker the day after I recieved it and I must say, I was surprised. It's a great fondue pot, it heats up super fast, and it stays heated. Also, you can control the temperature, which I love. The cord is super short, so you need an extension cord which might not look so pretty on a nicely set table, but that didn't stop us. I would recommend this to all of my friends
Beautiful board!. This board is beautiful, perfect size next to my sink, and so far has worn really well.  It functions not only as a cutting board but a staging area for dishes after eating.  I treated it with mineral oil when I got it, which brought out the grain even more.  I highly recommend this one
Great Mixer + Superior Customer Service! A good choice for your kitchen. I really enjoy my Sunbeam mixer and use it FREQUENTLY!  It is such a nice machine that both my mother and mother-in-law bought one too.  I damaged part of my mixer and called for a replacement part.  The part was backordered, so I waited. No big deal... One morning, a big package was on my porch: a brand new mixer.  When I called the company, they explained that they didn't like the fact I had been waiting so long for the replacement part so simply decided to send a new mixer. WHAT  A COMPANY!  I was stunned.  How often can you find a great product backed by a company that really cares about customers.  I recommend Sunbeam products without hesitation
Buy it!. Buy one. Get wicks on eBay. The startling noise referred to by other reviews is a rare glug-glug noise as the water enters the evaporative chamber to serve you. I don't get colds any more. Get one for every room of the house, make sure it's going through an entire tank every 1-2 days or replace the wick. If it starts to smell, you've got other problems, it's not the machine's fault. I'm 45 and don't have wrinkles or dry skin.  I've had my Vornado humidifier (model 232) for years and it's truly added to the quality of my life. It sits at the foot of my bed and I wouldn't have it any other way
Love it!!. I was a little skeptical because of the affordable price but I gave this set a try and love it. The pieces are heavy enough to maintain a consistant heat and are very durable. Clean up is a breeze.  I am very happy with this set and will be purchasing other pieces.
worked well despite the other reviews!. I was wary about using this pan after the bad reviews about pro form nordic pans, but my cake turned out very well!  I followed the sunny sunflower cake recipe on the packaging, and was quite pleased with the result!  The edges were not razor-sharp (as it would have been with a cast alum pan perhaps), but the shape clearly followed the mold!  Here's the secret - using a pastry brush, completely brush the pan interior with vegetable shortening.  Then follow through with a spray of baker's joy.All in all, good value for money.  Nordic ware vindicated
fun sheets!. I love these sheets and my son does too!  They had a funny smell when I first got them but after washing and drying them, it went away
Wonderful coat rack for the money!. This is a solid product with 8 pegs (4 upper and 4 lower).   I like the lower pegs because it's easy for small children to hang up their coats.  The only reason I rated it as 4 stars and not 5 stars is that when I rec'd the coat rack there were two of the bottom bars enclosed so I could not use the bottom pegs.   I called the number on the instruction sheet and just had to leave a message with the order number and what part I needed and they fed ex'd it right away.  I had the middle bar to attach the pegs to within 2 days
KitchenAidKPCG100ER Pro Line Burr Coffee Grinder. This grinder was recieved and out of box worked flawlessly. Despite the many settings, all were consistant in grind and the power is incredible, smooth, quiet and construction is flawless. As an Engineer, the design is the best I have seen compared to either home or Professional Burr Grinders.  It is obviously the best grinder on the market. As a Coffee Impoter/Exporter/Roaster, the grind is best I have seen and it definately improves your cup of coffee's flavor. This is due to the consistant and perfection in it's grind. I could not recommend this grinder more to any household. Definately the best buy for your dollar
It's CorningWare and it's great. This was a replacement piece that my wife broke.She loves it for making her home made au gratin potatoes
When they finally come, they are nice. Too bad no photo -- cute as the dickens!Make SURE it says they are in stock when you buy them.I got two sets of two. I thought by the sound they were broken. But they were okay, just clanking together.Worth the wait, no instant gratification
Ionic Pro extra collection blaeds. Glade we bought them.  We do not smoke but are living in an apartment where our neighbors do.  Smoke no longer is noticable in our apartment.  Even going one day w/o the machine you could smell smoke.  Now we don't have to wait for the blades to dry but use the extra set
Your pet's home. The Deluxe Slipper Bed is luxurious, washable, durable. Could have been helpful if Leopard print was available. If you chose this them I can tell you that your pet got it's own home. It is best suitable for DAshund puppies also. It's worth purchasing.
Fab. We love this, use it all the time. I think I'd go with a sitting juicer next time, but husband prefers this one instead
All-Clad Stainless Frying Pan. Can be a bit difficult to clean - but it's not non-stick so you can clean away without having to worry about removing the finish!  I wish the pan and the lid were sold as a set.
use it daily. i recieved this rack for christmas and i love it it looks great and my 4 year old daughter likes to use it too the only thing i don't like is that it only holds 50 dvds and 2 racks look nice but any more than that is gonna look dumb i also like that the drawers pull out and sit on top for easy viewing
I will never buy Tend Skin again!!!. I used Tend Skin for many years with mixed results.  I recently ran out of Tend Skin and looked for it on Amazon.  Luckily, I stumbled upon Solution 2.Before I ordered it, I read each of the twenty plus reviews.  This product is light years better than Tend Skin!!!  The roller ball makes it much easier to apply evenly.  The spearmint smell wears off after three minutes (according to my wife).  The burning that you may read about is the normal after shave burn.If you have used Tend Skin or if you have trouble with ingrown hairs and/or razor bumps, you owe it to yourself to try this product.  I am very grateful to the other reviewers for sharing their experience with this product
Efficient and clean iron. I truly enjoy using this iron.  While it's difficult to find the Downy Wrinkle Releaser in the stores, I recently ordered the product from the Downy website after using the sample included with the iron.  The iron has a large plate and irons quickly and efficiently.  There is lots of steam and usage of the wrinkle releaser makes the wrinkles disappear faster. My shirts look great every day now
BEATIFUL SET!! EXCELLENT QUALITY. I odered this item as housewarming gift, the box has open display of 5 piece hostess set and 5 piece place settings, you can see and touch without open the box!they are beautiful chess design.some people doesn't care flatware  using the right way and after write negative review.following this recomendations will result in the enjoyment of your J.A Henckels flatware for many years;1. DO NOT ALLOW ACIDIC FOODS TO REMAIN IN CONTACT AFTER USE such as mustard, ketchup. lemon. etc  rinse all flatware that have been in contact with the above foods before placing in the dishwasher.2, do not use detergents containing chlorides or a high lemon content.3. do not soak for extended periods of time with tap water in the sink get rusting or spots.4. in the dishwasher use a drying cycle.100% RECOMMENDED !
Excellent vendor. The wok was promptly shipped with useful information.  It appears to very good value.  Highly recommended
Doughnut Pan is the Best!!. Product arrived in good condition.  Now I can bake 1 dozen doughnuts at 1 time.  This is my second pan
AVERAGE. JUST GOT THIS, WASHED OK, NO COLOR RUN. THE TOWEL HAS A PRICE TAG OF $13.95 ON IT. I PAID $19.99. WOULD BE A GOOD BUY FOR $13.95. VERY AVERAGE, HAVE TOWELS FOR 10 BUCKS, SAME SIZE, ETC
Best handheld vac I ever purchased. This cordless vacuum is by far the best I've ever bought, and I've had a few!The suction power is comparable to a regular upright vacuum, and the removable handheld is easy to remove and use separately.  The only thing I found difficult with this machine, was the wall mounting.  It seems the manufacturer didn't take baseboards into consideration when mounting it.  Nevertheless, it is an excellent product and worth the money spent
Toastmaster. This item replaced an old heavy Toastmaster 4-slice Toaster Oven Broiler which still worked but the bake broil switch finally wore out. This unit had a timer and temperature setting control (the old one did not have) and it also had a crumb tray that emptied from the bottom (the old one did not have). This unit cost a lot less than the old one. My wife was very delited with this new one
Good product. It's a good product for the price. I wanted a cheap coat rack and this was the best deal (20 bucks) I could find. The coat rack is made of metal, has good finish and is strong but the only disadvantage with it is you can't hang heavy coats because it tends to tip off the ground. The base of the stand is about 2 feet (not huge) and hence not stable....it's good for medium and light jackets. If you have a couple of heavy ones...make sure you hang them on the opposite sides to balance it. overall its a great product for the price. would recommend it for small and medium homes
Holiday Dinnerware. The item is perfect and the service from Amazon was up to their exceptional standards
9" Santa Fe Plates. These are vey festive and extremely well made.  We have owned some of this stoneware for 2 yeares and it is durable and very attractive
Inexpensive Flatware with an Expensive FLARE!. I love this flatware - It looks like super expensive silverware and is weighted perfectly
Works well, relatively less noisy. I just started using one today and I like it compared to a couple of other ceramic heaters I have. This one is less noisy, looks good and includes a remote control. Its a bit taller than my other two ceramic heaters but that's what makes it more effective, I think. Good purchase overall. No complaints so far
Nothing else like it. Very unique in design, very convenient to use.  However,  feel it's priced too high for the quality - I was expecting it to be glass, but it's a very thin plastic
Finally! Crispy Waffles!. This is the 2nd waffle iron I've purchased and I am SO happy with it. My waffles come out perfect every time. They are crispy on the outside and soft on the inside. I've also used it as a grill and I love the drain system it has along the side. This is a really great product!
Batali Lasagna Pan is Best. The Mario Batali lasagna pan is the best pan I've used.  It is extra deep so it holds really thick layers of all the good stuff I make my lasagnas with.  It weighs a ton since it is enameled cast iron, but that is why it cooks so evenly. I recommend adding about 15+ minutes of extra cooking time to your recipes because the oven does have to heat the heavy mass of the pan.  Cleaning was  easy.  Just soak it in hot sudsy water for a while then all the baked on cheese and sauce will wipe off with a kitchen scrub pad.  The only surprises were that the rim of the pan has no enamel.  It is bare iron.  But it cleaned without a problem and did not rust when soaked overnight.  This is a great pan, but it is very heavy when empty and even heavier when filled with a lasagna so make sure you've got some stong helpers around to put it in the oven if necessary.  :o
Ed in Memphis. The Riedel O Chardonnay is just the right size for informal gatherings with friends.  It holds just the right amount too.  A little more generous than the stem version.All my friends think it is a cool shape and you don't have to worry about breaking the stem when you set it down. I haven't broken one yet while washing them! Thats the best part
Not only functional but attractive on your countertop, too!. I have gone through a couple of dishracks before this one which were terrible.  They would discolor, were difficult to wash, and were nothing to really look at.  They also took up a lot of space on my counter.  I love this one, though!  It has parts that are dishwasher-safe, removable parts for when you have large platters to place in there, and a section for knives to dry separately from the rest of the flatware.  I also love that you can position it vertically or horizontally depending on how much space you have.  Both ways have a drainage spout to pour into the sink. The cupholders are fairly strong and are removable which is a plus.  Overall, a great product, great quality and very stylish compared to most other products out there
:D. I looove this mug. Its such a beautiful shade of red, very nice looking. Also, these mugs are huge. One of mine already has a chip on it, but I'll leave that to certain people in my house being very clumsy.
simple and effective. This is exactly what I wanted to get: a kettle for my wife to use at work, that she can scrub out to keep it clean. It's incredibly simple, the design is clean and functional, and it's hard to think of anything one would want to change about it. If you want a kettle to boil water quickly and safely in an office environment, you simply can't do better
A high quality towel. It's a towel.  Not too much to say, for more information, read the Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy by Douglas Adams.Very good quality, resiliant, color hasn't faded, despite being used to dry me off after falling into a creek, being used as padding for my elbow at the firing range, and wiping up spilled cleaning chemicals.  Tough little bugger
Wonderfull Accent Fiestaware Trivet. I love the color and design of this trivet.  I use it as a spoon rest and for hot casserole dishes.  It is dishwasher safe and find it comes out clean and the color stays sharp.  A perfect addition for Fiestaware enthusiasts to add to your collection.  I would definitely get another one in a different color when they are available
A very useful product!. If you believe in preping ingredients before you cook, as I do, these bowls are extremely handy, particularly as they each have a line inside that indicates 1/2 the bowl's measure; e.g. 1 1/2 cup bowl has a 3/4 cup line, etc. This effectively doubles their use. They seem very rugged and easy to clean as well
Mogu 3 chamber pillow. This is the best pillow I have ever had !!!! Better than memory foam. I used to have a lot of pain in my neck. With this pillow I sleep much better and pain free. I tried the 2 chamber but it was too firm, and it was harder to make it mold to your head. I gave it to my son in-law and he raves about it, since he likes a firmer pillow. Inside the 3 chamber pillow case are 3 small bead pillows, it has more give so you can find that sweet spot. At the discount price I would say give it a try. I'm glad I did
Georgeous color. The color is quite pretty under food and garnishes show up nicely. This is a nice size for serving about anything for a smaller dinner party
The product arrived on time and packaged well. Quick delivery and my order arrived without damage.  Thank you
Good little machine for the price!. I've owned one of these for a few weeks now, and I have to say it's really a nice little machine. It's well-designed, takes up no more counter space than a standard coffee maker, and produces a really superb cup of espresso - complete with a thick bronze layer of crema like you get in coffee shops. The only complaint I have is that sometimes the coffee is not quite as hot as I would like it, but I find that it helps to make sure the cups are good and warm before you fill them.I also have to take exception with a previous reviewer who claimed that De'Longhi doesn't stand behind its products. I previously owned a De'Longhi BAR42E, with which I had problems (stay away from that model). I contacted their customer service  by e-mail at customerservice@delonghiusa.info and had a replacement upgrade (the EC-701) sitting on my doorstep in less than a week
Perfect bowl for me. I have owned this bowl for 2 years, and absolutely love everything about it.  It's sturdy, but fairly light weight which makes it easy to manuever when turning the bowl or when pouring or scooping batter or dough out of it.  I have a very high speed electric hand mixer, and the size and shape of this bowl work well to prevent splatter with cake batter.  I bought this bowl for my sister, who is also thrilled with it.  I plan to buy one for my mother as well, who has arthritic hands and needs something easy to grip and handle.
Perfect!. Love it.  It's a solid, simple yet elegant butter dish!And I'm picky with butter dishes... :
dogbones neckbones chiropractic neck pillow, lava. Filling material is too heavy which may be improved to make it less hard
automatic pet feeder. The feeder is a well-made battery operated item that automatically opens when the pet is to be fed. It is easy to operate and once it is set, nothing more has to be donr. To refill the compartments, all you do is push a button. The feeder can be set for 6,12, and 24 hour feedings. I have had other feeders before that cost more, but this is the best one I have found for the price.
New and Old World Baking. I have searched for a long time for the perfect baking pan size suitable for American AND European recipes. This one is just right. Besides perfect browning, all my standard YEAST and baking powder coffee cakes come out great. I am happy and my customers are happy when I make them their mother's Hefekuchen! Amazon always has what I need.
Great Stews. Although I have no background to vouch for any ethnic authenticity of this product (I was almost thrown out of Williams Sonoma when I asked the lady if I could prepare a beef stew in a tagine), I will say that the Le Creuset version is a very attractive piece of decor and it makes for some awesome stews.So far I have not been able to get food to stick to the base (unlike my other Le Creuset pots) and the steaming at low heat does seem to concentrate & intensity the flavor. I bought some new (to me) spices (cumin, tumeric, coriander seeds, etc) to follow some simple recipes and everything has come out wonderfully well.The only down side is that it will not make a lot of food at once (dinner for four is a stretch) and it is not quick. But it does things for stews that no other preparation method can do
Keeps grease in the pan better than typical screens. A passionate home cook that has been honing her cooking skills for the last 25 years writes this review.  My favorite cookbooks are "The Professional Chef" by the Culinary Institute and "Culinary Artistry".  I am also a collector of kitchen gadgets.   When a new gadget comes out, I frequently purchase it to see if it is an improvement to what was previously available.Given that I focus on Italian food, we have more than our share of fried food.  Whenever you are making cannoli, fritto misto or spingi the grease is splattering everywhere. There is nothing I hate more than cleaning the kitchen after frying something.This splatter screen has very small holes on a perforated surface.  The holes allow steam to escape and contain most, but not all, of the splattering grease.  They also keep you from looking into the pan while the food is frying.  Given that you have to lift the screen to see inside the pan, there is a little grease to clean up after using this screen.  The clean up is easier than with a traditional splatter screen.I also like that the handle folds up on this screen making it easier to store.  Overall, I would recommend this product
Great Product. This item came really fast. I ordered in on monday and it came on tuesday. Its a great vacuum. The sucking power is amazing. My carpet feels new - like a brand new carpet. I recommend this highly
Best slow cooker!. I love this item! I used it a couple of times already and the chicken was the best that I ever had!  I couldn't believe that it does everything that it says it does!  The food is tender, flavorful - even the next day! This is the best thing I have added to my kitchen in years
great gift. gave this jewelry cleaner as a gift to a very fussy jewelry cleaner person, she loved it, said it did a great job
Handy item. Be it chicken or some other meat product, nothing chops better than this Santoku cleaver. I love it - very handy to have
Good Item at a Good Price. Just what I was expecting and easy to install
satisfied customer. Ove Glove is great -- everything they say it is.  My husband is the chef.  It was my Valentine's Day gift to him and he's happy as a clam!  Thanks, Ove Glove
Great Match. Even when I bought the Fiestawere Cinnabar creamer I loved it right away, but to order the Cinnabar Covered Suger Bowl from a nother seller and have them match so well.  I am so happy that my sugar bowl is such a perfect match. Thank
Great Product. I purchased this heater for our beta who lives in a 1 gallon jar; note the heater is spec'd for 2 to 5 gallon containers.  During the winter we keep our house at 60 degrees and this heater keeps the jar at a consistent 72.
Furi Coppertail Knives Rule. As a fan of the Food Network, I was drawn to Rachel Ray's Furi knives.  I decided to opt for the all stainless knives since they look more professional, even tho the orange handles were very soft and comfortable.  The knives are very sharp and I feel like a professional chef when I use them.  I like having two sizes to handle different jobs, and the bamboo case keeps the knives sharp and protects against cutting yourself from leaving them in the drawer (but you wouldn't do that with your best knives anyway, right?).  Overall an excellent buy and I think the case is very sturdy
No it doesn't suck!. Pretty much everything that Justin says here is not true.  Yes, it's made of cardboard, but what do you expect for $6?  (Not $10, Justin.)  It's beautiful, it's cheap compared to other systems, it does exactly what it says it will do, it snaps together perfectly in about 5 seconds, and everyone who sees my DVD storage now asks me where they can buy some of their own.If this is such junk, then why does Staples stock almost their whole line of boxed storage
JUST GREAT. JUST RECEIVED THIS ITEM AND IT IS SO SIMPLE TO USE, DON'T NEED TO USE LARGE OVEN ANYMORE FOR  SMALL ITEMS WORKS JUST GREAT . ORDERD SECOND ONE FOR MY FREIND . BEWARE YOUR COOKING TIME WILL BE MUCH FASTER WITH THE AIR BAKE SETTIN
Don't spend more for that other brand - these  are great!. I bought a set of these glasses for my husband for Christmas after debating a long time between these and some similar glasses from Reidel.  I have to say that we are very happy with these lower priced glasses (although I paid $39.99 in December 2004 and now in January 2005 the price has gone up to $58.99!).As other reviews have stated, these are large, but are beautifully made.  Mine had no optical distortions.  They are perfect for use as all purpose red wine glasses.  Give these a try before buying the more expensive brand.  You will be pleasantly surprised
Good Braising, Browns Very Well, Not Heavy At All. I did a lot of checking and lifting of various dutch ovens/casseroles/stew pots by Le Creuset, Staub, Emeril Lagasse, and many others.  But when I picked this 6.3 quart oven, I was pleasantly surprised to find how much lighter it is than the others.  I bought it from Amazon and cooked with it the other night, and the results were delicious.   I cooked everything on a gas stove.  It browns meat very well, retains heat evenly, and the braising dish that I made came out perfect. All of my guests ate in silence to enjoy the meal and they usually don't do that!  I also bought it because it can be used both on the stove and in the oven. I look forward to using it often.  Highly recommend it
Best Sleep Aid !!. Our cats used to wake us up early in the morning when they wanted to be fed. Now they jump out of bed when they hear the cat crackers released at the same time every morning. They no longer run over us to wake us up to feed them. Also they are fed at the same time every afternoon - whether we are working or not. A great product !!
Just Right. This is a great kitchen tool, can't imagine one better. The price is right also
Gift. This was a gift for my Mother who was looking for a Flan Pan. She was very happy with the item.  She said it was well made and of good quality and would last for a long time
Oldie but goodie. I have been using a  West Bend stir crazy since they were first introduced.  I have had a variety  of poppers over the years, but this one does the best job.  No unpopped kernals, lots of flavor from the peanut oil I use, and a bowl to use when it's all popped.  Thank goodness they still make them so I can find a replacement when the old one gives out.
So Comfortable. I placed this product over my memory foam mattress topper, and it added a dimension of comfort that brings a sigh of happiness every night.  I'm not sure it would add enough padding by itself - my mattress is a futon - but with the topper underneath it is pure heaven.  It's also a rather warm heaven, I can see I'll be wanting a fan in the summer, but so be it
Feliway helps with a number of Feline issues. I have a Alpha Male in a house with 3 other cats. The Feliway helps with his spraying and his agressive behavior. I prefer the diffusers to the spray for 24/7 coverage. I love the animal so the expense to keep the house at peace is worth it.
Handles what others can't!. We have gone through 4 blenders in the last 18 months.  We are consumers of high quality products and usually do our research.  Each and everyday we make "fruit shakes" for our family of 5.  Our mix consists of frozen fruit, sometimes some fresh fruit, yogurt, and oj.  Our other blenders burned out, even the Blendtec couldn't handle the job (it automatically shut down on us, plus it couldn't really handle 64 oz. of our mix!).  But this guy (okay, it's very masculine looking), can do the job quick and make enough in the mega-sized 64 oz. plus pitcher for all 5 of us (we usually have to make 2 pitchers).  Frozen drinks are just about all we use a blender for so for our purposes, this is the only one for us!  It's loud, it's scary, it moves about a bit, but it does the job so fast that it doesn't matter that much.  It's not that attractive to my eyes, but my DH thinks otherwise.  I usually like to store my appliances in cabinets, but this one is too big and heavy to move in and out each day...so on the counter it stays (it's sure to be a conversation piece).  I have to say that it makes my life A LOT easier and that is why I rate it a 5
A must have. If you have the 12 cup Bodum coffee press, you are making some of the best coffee you'll ever taste. Be sure and get the replacement carafe, as eventually, you'll bump it on the faucet and chip it. I'ts a breeze to replace
A good purchase, especially for the price!. I agree with other reviews here.  This item was sturdy and easy to assemble.  All the tools are included and it only takes a few minutes.  Everything fit together well and the console works great.I give this 4/5 stars only because of some very small finish flaws on mine.  I'll fix them myself and am not concerned given that the rest is great and the price was right.  I'm also very pleased that this item shipped and delivered very quickly.One warning: The drawers on this are extremely shallow and short.  They are about long enough to lay a dollar bill down in the bottom from front to back and only a couple of inches deep.  Just keep that in mind depending on what you want to do with this.Overall, a good purchase.  Hope this helps
Good product. This is a good product. It is amazing how good the water tastes! The price is decent too. Only wish the filters were not that expensive
Excellent quality for the price. These towels are a good buy for the price.  Nice quality.
remarkably durable. I love this knife so much I was amazed no-one had reviewed it before! It's dirt cheap, sharp as anything and stays that way for a long, long time! I've had mine for 4 years now and it still glides thru a tomato. It gets dishwashed, thrown in with the general cutlery and even gets used to open those crappy plastic covers on toys and still lives! Buy one today, a great little knife!! In fact I'm going to buy another right now!
love it!!. No more washing the steam nozzle!! this works so well and so fast. It is one of the best $ i spent
This beast really cooks .... This monstrous beast is the largest piece of cookware that we own.  Once I manage to wrangle it out from the cupboard and heft it onto the stove, it's many uses range from cooking chickens, small turkeys, and roasts to making potato leek soup.  The beautiful thing is that it really retains heat and cooks items thoroughly and evenly.  The downside is that it can take a while to heat up, especially since it should heat up on a med-low setting so as not to burn items and/or damage the porcelain.  Learned this the hard way by turning up my soup to med-hi in order to get it boiling more quickly (doh!).  Now that we know how to properly use this type of cookware, we are enjoying it much more!  Another clever use of this piece is to incorporate it into your weight lifting routine (did I mention this thing is very VERY heavy?).  Now that we have tried the largest, we have begun collecting some of the smaller pots and really enjoying them
great convenience!. What a great convenience to be able to find, and order my humidifier filters on your site!  It is so nice not to have to traipse all over looking for "the right size".  Great price, too.  Even with shipping added the filters were more reasonable than getting them at the store (and that is IF I can find them!
attractive and handy. I have two of these, one in yellow and one in a discontinued sea greeny color.  They're attractive, of course; this is Fiestaware, after all.  But they're darn functional.  They're long enough to accommodate a london broil or small roast or kebobs, and they're deep enough that any juices are not likely to spill while you're carrying or serving.  I like wish there was one slightly bigger too; then I'd get two more
seems ok for the price and small size.. I am new to sewing machines.  This is my very first one.   I bought this just to do a few small jobs and some hems.  For the $20 I paid for it and its smaller size it seems to do pretty well.  I m not sure if I would sew a  a "simplicity pattern type item" or "from scratch item" etc.,  but you never know.
Krups 867-42 II Caffe Bistro 10-Cup Coffee/4-Cup Espresso Maker. I am really pleased with this machine.  It makes a wonderful cup of regular coffee and using it for espresso and cappuchino is quite easy.  When I opened it I was a little concerned because it looks complicated - but its not.  Directions are clear.  My purchase experience was great as well.  I recommend it.  Its a tidy package and I don't have to litter my counter tops with several coffee machines - this does it all
Fiesta Ware Teapot-Plum. I was pleasantly surprised at how fast the item was found, and then sent to me.  It came in the factory sealed box and was well packed.  I'd buy again from this vendor. :
Excellent sheets. This is the second set of Pinzon sheets I've ordered and they're both absolutely wonderful.  I've compared them to 600, 500, and 400 thread count sheets by other manufacturers and these outshine them all.  They're big enough to fit any queen bed, and they feel undescribably wonderful.  Soft, crisp, slickery, and they need no ironing.  In addition to all my friends, I've recommended them to linen sales people in other stores!!  And the price is reasonable
Great item. This is a wonderful item. Very durable and looks great in the kitchen and on the table.
Nice Product. Good looking, well made, nice feel and heft.....what else can you ask for
Where have youy been all my life?. I love this bedspread.  It is the perfect weight
They do the job. Not much to be said about this product.  Just watch for a low price and then stock up
Hercules Hooks. Works as advertised.Can not be used if wall stud is directly behind use point.At roughly $1 per hook, a hammer and nail makes moresense
GREAT product. This is a wonderful product for tea drinkers.  It is so easy to use and the water is heated to the perfect temperature for a perfect cup of tea
Great Little Fan. I use this fan in my cubicle at work.It matches the Black phone and black lamp and looks professional.More importantly, it is reliable and consistent and keeps me cool!The base is large enough that any reasonable jostle or push can be absorbed.Great little fan!  I recommend it
Nice Linen Kitchen Towels. I have not had the chance to use these as yet, but was impressed with the quality and color.
Classy Ice Bucket. I purchased the wine cooler and ice bucket as gifts for my mother-in-law. I was surprised by how light in weight they were (which was a good thing for my mother-in-law). They certainly are Lenox quality and the price on Amazon was outlet store pricing. The only draw back is that there is not a set of tongs for the ice bucket. And choosing a set of tongs turned out to be time consuming... I recommend the Onieda silicone tipped ones. They were very classy and actually worked better than regular tongs. The only somewhat drawback is the color choices offered for the tongs
Great size. I have many uses for white floursack towels around my kitchen, but primarily I pull out a clean one each night and tie it on as an apron and handy hand-wiping cloth.  The generous size of this particular item makes it perfect for that use.This product comes out of the wrapper whisper thin and starched.  After washing, the towels develop a nice hand.  They do not have the loft of floursacking of yore, but let's face it, few contemporary textiles of any weave or yarn have the loft of yore.The finish is even enough that the towel could be used for a craft project, such as painting, block printing, stenciling or stamping
I'd give this 10 stars if I could!. Any Tommy Hilfiger Collection bedding is just amazing! These are the softest sheets and covers I have ever used. For 400 thread count - really seems like 1,000+ thread count. I will ALWAYS buy this bedding brand whenever looking to update.
Such high quality, it's a joy to use these knives. I love to cook and have tried many, many different kitchen knives. I visit kitchenware stores wherever I go, and have brought knives back from France, Germany, Japan, and other places. I got my first Furi knife in Australia (where they're from) in 1997 or 1998. It's not a place you think of for fine cutlery, but boy can those Aussie's innovate! These are the best designed knives I own. They feel wonderful in the hand and work like a charm. I look for opportunities to chop because they are such a pleasure to use. I was excited when they started to appear in the U.S
Best ice cream 'scoop' ever. This is the best ice cream scoop ever (well, "spade").  I've had mine for 2 years now (black version).  No matter how cold or hard the icecream/yogurt is, the spade cuts right through. I considered getting the type that has anti-freeze type liquid which supposedly helps. I'm so glad that I got this Kitchen Aid spade - it works far better than any other scoop that I've tried. The handle is perfect as well, and the whole thing is well-balanced.My mother-in-law has the Kitchen Aid "scoop" version. It's good, but I'd give it 4 stars. If you must have round ice cream balls for an ice cream cone, then you could get that, however the spade works much better for scooping ice cream, cutting through easily and scooping plenty. You could still make a "ball" if you really wanted to with the spade.Definitely 5+ stars. I'd pay twice as much for it if required
I don't get it... I LOVE LOVE LOVE this coffee maker.  It doesn't leak or drip.  I can find absolutely nothing wrong with it, other than the lid of the caraffe not fitting too snugly, but it only comes off when I dump the thing upside down.  Definitely not an occurrence during regular pouring.I've had tooo many coffee makers that are messy, leaky and hard to clean.  This is the only caraffe I've ever had which doesn't spill when you pour.I love the water filter system, and it makes a great cup of coffee.  I've had trouble finding the replacement filters at the store, but you can get them on Amazon easily. Other features include a warmer base for which you can regulate the temperature.  If you like your coffee warmer, set it to a higher level.  If you're a tongue burner like me, you can set it at a lower temperature.  The machine tells you when the coffee is ready with a series of beeps, and also does the same when it shuts off.  I like that.I don't understand why people don't like it - I recommend it highly!!!  Plus, it is a beautiful machine.
LOVE this can opener!. I love this can opener.  I'm not a fan of electric openers and my old manual went into the trash, so I found this model at Safeway.  It leaves a smooth edge and has a little lift thing to remove the lid with.  I haven't used the bottle opener features, but am very impressed with the quality and how ergonomically designed the entire thing is.  Great price, too
Not bad. I like this toaster because it fits with my retro-themed diner kitchen.  It stays cool.  It is glossy candy-apple red.  It's cute :)  It is a little wide - definately takes up more space than my $[...] special.  It stays pretty cool.  Bagels, muffins, waffles and Italian bread fit just fine in it.The only thing I don't like is the digital 'display'.  There's a knob to select the toasting 'level' but its kind of cheesy because the digital display isn't quite as high-tech as it appears.  The knob has numbers on it and as it spins around, the numbers slide across a little light inside the toaster, making it appear digital.  I would have preferred a printed dial instead of a cheap digital-imposter ;
Riedel Wine Series Glasses. The Wine Series by Riedel is one of the most stable and  affordable glasses for everyday use.  I would recommend Riedel to everyone.
Much Better than the Breville ESP8XL it Replaced. This is a solid coffee machine. It makes great froth. Unlike a previous reviwer, I had no problems with the froth attachment. The trick is to make sure it is assembled correctly and to froth correctly. To make froth, keep the Turbo frother up close to the surface. You will actually see the frother suck in the milk and hear a hissing. To heat up the milk without making much froth, make sure the frother is below the surface so that you are no longer making froth but heating the milk instead. The machine has quality parts, a big water tank, a powerful pump, separate controls for steaming and making coffee, and a cup warmer (which you probably don't need because there are more efficient ways to hear the cups). It is easy to clean. I would only recommend getting a decent coffee grinder, obviosuly one that allows you to adjust how fine you grind the beans
Big Mouth food processor. My husband got this to use at his German restaurant - he said he's tired of chopping everything by hand after 25 years! He loves the processor especially the large opening and the ease of use. Would recommend to anyone seeking a good processor.
no retractable cord!. other then that this is a pretty good vacume!  sucks up everything, even shows you when the belt breaks!  the cord holder swivels so that the cord can be easily removed however it is not retractable and therefore looses one star!  also very light weight and affordable
Amateur Cook. I love to cook, but have tended to buy an eclectic assortment of cookware and then dispose of them after scorching or doing other damage.  Having now used most of the pieces of Pinzon, I realize how much better it is to cook when all the cookware is similar in heat conductivity.  This assortment is balanced and of great quality especially for the price.
Amazing. This peeler really works.  I don't ask how it works, it just does.  Everyone should have one (avoid having garlic smelling hands)
Convenient and Stylish. Great for fondue- heat coming from the bottom and sides of the crock does a better job of keeping dips warm than a pot with the heat source on the bottom only. Compact so that it doesn't take up too much space on the table. Needs a few minutes to warm up and you might need an extension cord in order to have it on the table
Great  skillet!. As with all cast iron once you have the iron well-seasoned(initial seasoning+ seasoning from usage) ,you will have a perfect heat conductor and a better than teflon stick -resistant peice of cookware. It just takes patience and some TLC but once you get the hang of it, nothing beats cast iron. I started buying cast iron after a couple of years of buying the EXPENSIVE high end cookware which started warping one day after the other. I threw the majority of those away. I wanted cookware that would grow with me that I could keep for more than 5 years!!!! So I finally made the decision of cast iron. It took me a while to get it but there is so much lit. out there for you to educate yourself.The pan is nice for eggs, little sides or whatever you want to put in it really. Just no soap and no cold water while the iron is hot...and the seasoning..well I'll let you do your research like I did mine...so many methods whatever works for you will be your personal experience.If you are tired of constantly replacing those teflon pans that ARE triple or more the cost of this lil guy... Cast iron is for you.
A Great Carpet Sweeper. This sweeper does an impressive job of sweeping my carpet and it's definitely nice not having to plug it in!  It was especially nice when I used it to pick up the needles that fell off of the Christmas tree.  Only a couple of complaints: The pieces of the handle seems to fall apart easily, so I am thinking about gluing it together so it's all one piece.  The designer must have made it that way for easy storage.  They should make the handles more like the Swiffer handles which snap together with holes and buttons on each piece.  Also, one flap on the bottom of the sweeper that is used to empty the dust compartment gets stuck sometimes, but that might just be a problem on the one I received.  I am able to get it unstuck, so it's not that big of a deal.  I know once I get the handle glued together that I am going to love it and use it all the time
Love it!. I bought this clock to go into the living room of my new home.  It goes perfectly with the decor, and it adds a touch of style.  Love it
water pillow. I have been very satisfied with the Chiroflow water based pillow.  It is adjustable for firmness and supports the head and neck well.  The directions are easy to follow and I have had no problems with the pillow for over 3 months
Works great on pet hair. We have two cats, and the Zorb has more of an impact than I had thought it would. It is important to groom it into the carpet first, though. A stiff broom works well, and I have yet to try the Dyson attachment meant for the task
Soooo loud!. I had the previous model of this vacuum, and it was no where near this loud.  This vacuum is so loud, I have to *really* need it before I'll use it.  In fact, I have a Sanyo stick vacuum that I'll use before I'll use the Dirt Devil.Now, for the positive.  The suction power on this vacuum is amazing!  It will not only pick up just about anything, but it will pull stuff towards it from up to 1" away!  Even cat food!  I also like the flip down nozzle which gets in the tight spots.  This is the perfect vac for detailing a vehicle.  Overall a great buy
My cats love it - great product but a little difficult to refill. I have had this for about 3 years now and have been quite happy with it. I have also washed it in the dishwasher so it has worked out well. I just wish that they had made the water refill process a little less cumbersome
this thing is no joke. Wow.  This vacuum works much better than its 30-year old predecessor of the same brand--quite a bit better.  There's this old rug I have that, despite being vacuumed regularly, has absorbed quite a bit of dirt, but the new vacuum just scoured it with extreme prejudice, filling the dust container with several inches of grime during its initial use.  It sucks ferociously and is consequently very loud.  I don't care; soundproofing means a more expensive vacuum.  Build quality seems solid, and everything is laid out intuitively.  For a capable upright, the only way you could pay less is at a yard sale.
Recommended by Wusthof. I wasn't planning to buy an electric sharpener, but after reading a guide by Wusthof on honing and sharpening knives [...], I decided to go for it.  Wusthof recommended this electric sharpener, as did my local Sur La Table store.It works pretty well, was easy to use, and my knives were definitely sharper afterwards.  I recommend this knife sharpener, and definitely recommend reading the Wusthof guide
Ecellent cookware. The Le Creuset 3-1/2 quart buffet casserole is the best piece of cookware I have ever purchased.  The quality is apparent as soon as you grab it out of the box.  Cooking with it is extremely easy. Dill salmon in 30 minutes: Salmon, cream, dill, salt, veggies of choice (potatoes, squash, mushrooms, carrots, etc.  Dump it in, cover, bake at 350 for 3O min.  Delicious.  This is a case of you get what you pay for and this piece of cookware is worth every penny
Spend your money on wine. This corkscrew is inexpensive.  Spend the money you saved on a nice bottle of wine.The idea here is pretty simple.  Screw in the corkscrew, pull down on the handles.  Thus the cork is removed and the wine can be poured.  It's not rocket science.  Simple and effective.Oh, and it's dishwasher safe
Ideal gift for any wine enthusiast. I have prettier, bigger, and more expenseive wine openers but none of them match this Pulltap for being easy to use.  The two stage design for removing the cork is genius.  I've never broken a cork or struggled to break loose a particularly tough cork when using this Pulltap.I hate to part with some of my fancy (and expensive) corkscrews, but the truth is that when I want to open wine easily and quickly... this is the tool I go to every time.I give this one my highest recommentation.
A Lifesaver. Cheese sandwiches from the sandwich maker has become my daughter's default lunch.  Before I bought this I was wracking my brain every day to come up with something we both approved of.  I use it all the time and the cheese that melts on the teflon just picks right off when it dries.  Great buy
Toby is great. We love Toby, he is the cutest cookie jar.  He has a very large belly that can gobble down a ton of cookies.  Excellent detail work and the eyes double as the handle
Viva Fiesta!. I LOVE my Fiestaware & these bowls are a GREAT price! They are the cereal bowls that come in the 4 piece set.I think the other reviewer thought they would be bigger but they are exactly as they say they are: 19 oz. bowls. (I poured 19 0z. of water in just to make sure!
Love the plates, but color is  questionable. I love the plates, however, they are not the sage green color as they appear in the picture.  The color is more blue than green.
Fantastic French Fry Cutter. This kitchen gadget is as strong as if it were made of steel. It is made of molded plastic that is extremely sturdy--no bending or giving. When your potatoes are all cut to the same configuration and size they cook evenly and taste so much better. I don't find the the short length mentioned by other reviewers a disadvantage. I buy huge baking potatoes. After I peel them, I cut them in half lengthwise, and then cut each of these pieces in half again. I lay them in the peeler with a flat side down and the other flat side against the pusher. The small rounded end is placed against the blade. In this manner very little pressure will push the potato through the blade. I have wanted one of these for a long time, but the commercial model was to bulky and had to mounted on the wall. The other home models that I saw were two flimsy for my liking. This one is not only beautiful, but it works in an easy efficient manner. I would recommend it to others as a kitchen gadget of the highest order
amazing espresso!. This is a great espresso machine -- better than any I've had before.  It's very forgiving (you don't have to be extra-careful about what grind you use -- though burr #3 seems to work best for me), and it makes amazing crema every time because of the pressurized portafilter.  (Hint:  make sure you attach the portafilter before you turn on the machine, since the Aroma releases hot water before you brew the espresso, so that the grounds will expand.  So if you turn it on before you've attached the portafilter, it will start to drip hot water.)  The espresso is rich and incredibly flavorful (I use Porto Rico Importing Co.'s Italian espresso), and the pannarello works perfectly for frothing milk.  Altogether a really great machine.
Good looking enough I bought another one. But the Amazon price for the particular color was too good to pass up. Now I have 16 lb. capacity when weighting ingredients. Two nice stainless bowls to hold them. Not to mention decorative  ' bookends '.There are 100% stainless finish models out there for a few dollars more than the Amazon blow-out price, they do look good as well. But paint is an art form, and these scales will get compliments
Nice but not for gerbils. I would have given it 5 stars but my gerbils chewed the house up within a week or two and now after a couple of months they no longer have ramps.  Currently, they're working on chewing up the shelves.So I'm off to buy one that's entirely wire.  Wish I had done that in the first place
Peace at last!. I had so many barking dogs that I was feeling like shooting them. My rental business was suffering and the neighbors were enjoying their dog's disruption of the neighborhood (some kind of power thing I guess). When ever anyone went out in their yards these dog would charge and bark as though they meant to kill. When my last short term renter (a pastor) yelled NO! at them I became desperate. I had been told about barking collars and had them for my own dogs. I was looking for a new collar (cironella) I plugged in anti bark, and then up popped this Super Bark Product. I bought and put it on a poll in the garden behind a tree. The dogs barked the entire time right at the fence, until my daughter turned it on. They ran like bats out of hell back to their house and haven't been heard since! Now I was a little sceptical at first, but I can't praise this product enough. You can not get anything else that will do this for you. You can complain to the county till your blue in the face or spend thousands on an attorney and not win. If you move, you might end up with more barking. Look. It's worth the money, believe me!!!!
Beautiful, great quality. These linens are definitely worth the money.  They are soft and beautiful.  I love them and would buy them again and would recommend them to anyone.
Black k& Decker 5-cup Pot. Just the right size for 2 people.  4 cups not quite enough, 5 cups just right.  With this pot, however, and my previous one, when you pour, always some dripping onto the counter because the lip of the pot is not deep enough, I guess.  Otherwise, B&D seems to be the only company making a 5-cup pot, which I appreciate
Absolutely Perfect!. The pot rack was just the right size and color. It looks great in my kitchen without creating a barrier between my kitchen and dining room. I love how easy it was to hang and the number of links provided with it mean that it can hang really low if I want. This is just perfect for my kitchen
Not a Bad Product. Good heater for cold rooms app. 100 sq. feet (more or less) where you're going to leave it on all day. Be certain to keep away from flammable objects ie. drapes etc. Does take awhile to build up to heating levels and also gets a bit hot to the touch; but serves its purpose well. The one problem I had was with the timing mechanism; I subsequently turned it off totally and only use the power levels to adjust the heat.  Supplies a comfortable heat which is not too dry
Sturdy Pan. After the handle of my Revereware saucepan fell off, I researched alternatives and decided to try this one.  I was happily surprised at the quality.  I wasn't sure from the picture if the handle was going to be hollowed out and for $20 I thought it might be.  Well, it's not and it appears to be securely bolted on in a similar fashion to my Caphalon pan.  Overall, it is a nice, heavy-bottomed saucepan.  I give it 4 stars instead of 5 just because it is advertised as a 3.5 quart, but the markings inside the pan end at 3.0 quarts approximately 1 cm below the rim of the pan.  Maybe if you filled the pan to overflowing it would hold 3.5 quarts, but you certainly cannot cook that way.  I am very happy with it and it nicely replaces my old Revereware 3 quart pan
best manual can opener that has survived the years. I love this can opener! When we bought our 1944-built house in 1986 the same model was already attached to our pantry door. I don't know how long it had been there but I used it for years. It is so easy. After years of use and probably not the right upkeep, it started to malfunction. I was so happy to find it again on the internet after a long search (during a period when I purchased other can openers which were far inferior!)
Worth the wait. It took a month for me to receive these spoons but I am so happy with them that I don't care about the lengthy wait.  The spoons look nice and work as well as I imagined they would.  My husband loves them also.
FINALLY an ice cream maker that does not take up my freezer. This is worth every penny and every inch of counter space it takes up.  I make ice cream often enough and do not have a very large freezer so a regular ice cream maker takes up too much space in my freezer.  I also hated waiting a day to freeze my bowl when I want to make some ice cream right now.  This machiene has a self timer and a built in cooling device and even shuts itself off when the ice cream gets too hard (in case you are in the bathtub...ha).  It has worked out great for me when making many quarts in a row.  No need to wait another 24 hours for your freezer bowl to cool off.I love it love it love it.Only draw back is the size and weight.  But if you have a little place for a good ice cream maker - this is the one.
Nothing comes close... I bought this for my husband's birthday b/c I watched him fumble each morning with the numerous lemons that are out there. Carafes that leak, coffeemakers that don't keep the right temperature, etc...This is the kind of coffee you get at a 5-star restaurant. In fact, they  probably use a Bunn.The design is utilitarian-not decoration, and they have mastered the art of great tasting coffee
Elegant In Its Simplicity. I guess as they say beauty is in the eye of the beholder but I find this nightstand esthetically pleasing.  Its spare good looks are right at home with a variety of decors while it doesn't compete for attention.  It's functional too; it's sturdy and well built and there's plenty of room to accommodate a radio, lamp, books and even an occasional cat or two.  And for the price, I say that you can hardly go wrong
Soft Towels...almost too nice to use!. These towels are really nice...very fluffly and soft....not as thick as I remembered my daughter's being but very soft....and pretty
Fiesta Ware. I am a big fan of Fiesta ware.  I love the variety of colors and the cheer they add to my dinner table.  My husband even gets a kick out of the dishes!!  Enjoy!
Great for Smoothies & Baby Food!. I own the SmartPower Duet Blender/Food processor in the while color.  It works great for smoothies & shakes when you add enough liquid, and the food processor is quick and easy for making baby food.  Suggestion:  If you're going to use this to make berry smoothies or tomato based recipies, go with the red color! I stained the lid of my white blender, and now it's pink :
I LOVE THIS BLANKET. I got one for Christmas(In beige) and loved it so much I ordered TWO green ones!It really is a 1 (Adult) person size though...So don't plan on being TOO snugly with another person when you use it..(or EXTREMELY SNUGLY I GUESS!)I HIGHLY recommend it.
Lenox Butterfly spice rack. Excellent timely delivery and condition of item!Thank yo
Presto Pressure Cooker. After 35 years of ownership, my old aluminum Presto pressure cooker needed replacing.  We bought the aluminum model because we felt it was a better value than stainless.  It works just as well as the original.  Easy to use. Only slight change in design.  We have faith it will also last many years.
Best darn Utensil holder ever!. We recieved this as a Wedding gift, and we love it!  It really holds a lot of items.  I think I have 20 in there.  I really like the three seperate compartments.  I keep whisks and tongs in one, turners in the middle, and wooden spoons and spatulas in the third.  It even has a "crumb tray" that can be removed for cleaning.  It really is useful, and nicely coordinates with the other stainless appliances in our kitchen.  Another great product by OXO
Color of wooden handle is lighter than expected. The knives arrived today and look great, but I am disappointed in the color of the handle.  Amazon's picture makes it look like the wood was treated with a light stain, which would mave matched our cheese board perfectly.  Unfortuately for me, the handle are a natural wood color - nice, but not what I wanted.  I'm not sure if I will keep them or return them, but I just wanted other buyers to be aware of what they really look like
Sock mice kick butt!. I've tried lots of mice with my cat.  He's liked most of them more or less, but will spend hours playing with these.  Like a real mouse--which he also loves, but that's another story--these mice are relatively soft, giving a true mouse mouth-feel.  Also, unlike toy fur mice, my cat will intentionally get one of these guys stuck on his claws, and whip his paws back and forth, causing the impaled mouse to fly across the room.  My cat then flies after it and pounces on it, repeating this game for hours.  Since using these mice, he pays almost no attention to the fur ones.  If I were a cat, I'd be on Amazon ordering them for myself
Wonderful honing rod for any knife, global or otherwise. As a professional chef, I have used quite a number of steels, and I must say that this is the best 'steel' I have used. The ceramic does a wonderful job of honing my knives to a perfect edge and I like that you can buy replacement ceramic in case you drop it or break it somehow. I would definately buy again
Great Pan. We have a lot of Le Creuset pans and decided to try Staub since they were such a great deal on line.  This pan and the 3 other Staub pans we tried are fantastic.  They are very heavy and cook well.  This pan is very large and has a very thick bottom for even heating.  Staub is not necessarily better than Le Creuset, but they have nothing to apologize for.  At these prices, they are worth a try for anyone
Best Meat Tenderizer - PERIOD!!!!. My dad used to call it a "nickel" steak....  Well, the Jaccard will make a nickel steak a great steak!!!!  I like it because you get a tenderized steak without adding some unknown tenderizer powder that usually contains MSG... The Jaccard will give equal or better results without changing the flavor of the meat.  Or if you prefer to add a marinade or rub or both, the Jaccard will essentially "inject" those flavors right down into the steak -- immediately!Highly recommended - everyone in my family owns their own Jaccard
Perfectly sized, easy to use. I was looking for a small-ish microwave that would fit on my counter top and still have a big enough capacity for making food. If you're looking for something thats not too expensive, and is excellent quality for money, then this is your microwave. Its extremely simple to use, unlike some others that have left me confused in the past. You don't need to read a manual or anything to set the time, and because its 800 watts, you can follow directions on food packages about the timing and its pretty much accurate
The Best Mice on the Market. Eeks mice are great! Most catnip mice lose their flavor/smell/attraction for my cats pretty quickly, but my cats still play with an Eeks I've had for over a year. The one drawback is that they don't look too good after being played with (teeth marks, drool stains, ripped-off tails, etc), but cats don't care about that
Wonderful Product. I received my ice crusher approx. 1 week ago and have absolutley used it everyday.  It makes perfect size ice for soda and ice tea.  Not what you would use for frozen &quot;party&quot; drinks.  Growing up I was always eating crushed ice and to find a product like this is amazing!  I only wish it came in electric
Can't beat the price!. Have had these sheets for a couple of months and I am very satisfied with them.  They are very soft and wash well.  You won't find 1000 count for less, I've searched
Basic coffemaker. I like the size of the cup. In regular store, you can only find 4-cup, which a little too small, or 8-cup, which is too big.It's not fancy, but makes a cup of coffee in few minutes.
THE CUTEST AND BEST PILLOW. This is a great gift because there fun,cute,and usefull so when you come home from a bad day at school or work there alaways there.To me there like a special friend that you can cuddle.So for kids and adults this is a must have
Affordable Shave Ice Fun. My family has been using the Hamilton Beach Snowman Ice Shaver for a couple weeks now and we love it. I think it's one of the best things to get kids for the summer. When kids are hot, it's a great way to cool them off with something fun and healthy. Just freeze some grape juice or other yummy, healthy drink, and turn it into a shave ice!Pros:--Great price--Easy operation and cleaning--Works with both ice molds (included) and any ice cubes--Compact, vertical, space-saving design--Comes with a good recipe suggestion bookletCons (these are all very minor):--Sharp blade exposed on underside, so do not let kids operate or clean without close supervision--The manual needs to be updated to reflect the newer design, which actually has fewer pieces that need to be cleaned; this model no longer has a "nut" holding the metal wheel in place, although the manual refers to it.--When I called Hamilton Toll-free support about the "nut", they were clueless about the product in general and had a very old model to refer t
Great buy. Finally, a steak knife with a solid feel and no flex in the blade. Heavy duty with a masculine feel
Not bad at all!. The Krups XP 2070 has been in use at my household for about a month now, with no problems to speak of.  We use the espresso machine with cappucino attachment almost daily, and each time it has been very good.  A notice I would give to the espresso enthusiast looking to buy would be the need for a different tamper than the one provided.  The provided tamper is plastic, and can be wobbly, but I am very satisfied with the product
I CAN'T BELIEVE IT'S A DUALIT TOASTER-GREAT!!!. I needed another toaster for our ski lodge. I've used DUALIT chrome toaster for many, many years and just loved it.When I went to amazon.com and saw a DUALIT LITE toaster at $79.99 I was in awe of the price. Ordered it and just love it.Perfect even toasting, american style pop-up toaster and can accomodate my favorite bagels.I can't believe that you can purchase a quality DUALIT product at this pricepoint. I highly recommend that you go out and buy this item. I'm going to get several as holiday gifts!!!
Moka Express. Perfect size for myself.  No one else drinks espresso in my house.  Just make sure to use a good coffee with it.  I tried several and the taste ranged from gross to awesome.  In the future, I will buy a larger one for guests
great toaster & great look. After years of having boring white or black toasters this one is great looking.  It even "thinks" for itself.  You put the bread in and it goes down & starts to toast.  One caveat-keep it on the lowest heat because it's very very powerful and will overtoast your bread if not careful.The little blue button is cute and will allow you to release the bread before the bell rings.  It's also easy to clean up compared to past toasters from Krups and Braun, just lift the toaster off the tray and you're done.  Now I'm looking for such a high-tech coffee maker from DeLonghi-love the style and the functionality
Adorable, classic...perfect!. We purchased the train bank as a gift for our nephew and we simply love it!  It looks great on his bookshelf and it is something that he will have for years to come.  The quality is good, I would recommend to anyone!
Great Air Pot. Your coffee will go stale much much sooner than it gets cold in this airpot. Coffee or tea keeps hot for hours, great for parties or if you hate drinking that cold cup after a few hours.  You have to be careful not to hold the pot by the lid when it's flipped up, because it can slip off. If you drop it, the glass interior will shatter, so you need to be careful. There are versions with stainless steel interiors that won't shatter, but I don't think they insulate as well as this one
Nice to have  & handy. This is a great idea for quickly wrapping around your coiled hose & hanging on a nail in the garage
The Best--Period. This is the best, easiest waiter's corkscrew I've ever used.  My only qualm is that I've seen it offered for much cheaper than $19.99.
Works fine. This oil sprayer works just like it is supposed to, I think.  However, I am dissatisfied with the whole concept.  Spraying pans with oil doesn't keep bread from sticking in the pans, and that is the reason I purchased it. It sure is lots cleaner than smearing shortening around in the pans, though
Odd size. I have already used this pan several times in just a couple of months. It is fairly sturdy, but after careful use, it already has visible scratches on the inside. The only real problem I've had is the odd size doesn't fit any of my cake covers. Regarding the price:  I think it was a little expensive for the quality
Fun with Fiesta. I just started collecting Fiesta Ware and this yellow covered butter dish is the perfect color for a butter dish!  Looks great on my table (along with my red salt and papper shakers
Very cool vintage look. I ordered this clock for my kitchen and LOVE it!  It has a great vintage feel to it and is a fun addition.  It looks like I bought it at a much more expensive store - Great job target!
Quality spatula. A little more money that the average spatula, but very nice.  Another example of "you get what you pay for"
Ice Tea Maker. It is everything I expected it to be.  It makes great tea and does most of the work itself
good price for good sheets. i won't say they are as comfortable as the 400-count cotton sateen sheets we got as a gift, but those were twice as expensive!these sheets are nice - they fit the bed well and feel comfortable.  i also purchased the 410-thread count pike street sheets and they are not cotton sateen as stated, whereas these definitely are.  keep that in mind
Good "everyday" glasses. I own Reidel Sommelier glasses, Reidel Vinum glasses, and Reidel Extreme glasses.  I put these Rabbit glasses into the same category as the Vinums from Reidel; they are great everyday glasses for people like me who tend to drink fairly good wines and tend to drink fairly hefty-sized portions.These glasses are certainly not in the same category as Reidel Sommeliers, but then again they cost about 1/4 as much.
FZ. I like it very much. Kettle is in a good working condition and it looks good in a kitchen with all stainless steel appliances. I would recomend to purchase this kettle as a good quality item.
ROOMY AND STURDY. i love these canisters, the best i have ever owne
Great for those thin kids, bad for thick!. Shamu is ready for you to ride him! Be gentle though... he hates rough tubers and riders, he can't withstand heavy duty people on him! If a heavy rider tries to "Inner Tube Giddy-Up" him, he'll be over forced in his body chamber and will POP! BE CAREFUL! Liste
It's a Chicken Timer and It Works. As others say, it comes apart in shipping but you just put the halves back together. Then you have: A chicken timer.It works. I don't find it especially delicate or fragile as others have commented.I checked it and it was dead-on for a 7-minute timing.
Great for cleaning house!. I use these when I clean house - I have one for stuff that belongs in my son's room, 1 for stuff that belongs in my daughter's room, and one for stuff that belongs on the basement.  It cuts down on trips to these locations... a great and well made product
Great look and Ample Storage. This is a very solid, well made, attractive piece of furniture. Very nice fit and finish - the swinging doors have dovetail joints and are rock solid. The Storage options are endless and this unit arrived well packed. I've had this for over 6 months and am very pleased
3 out of 3 Differently Tempered Cats Like This. Long enough for gripping while thrashing with back claws, feathery and lightweight for batting about, and smells of catnip for attracting.  There's a velcro pocket where you pour the included catnip into.  This is the only toy that all 3 of my cats like.  (update:  see 2 customer images of Mr. Magoo going crazy playing with the carrot
Keeps it cold!. I use these for my children's snacks at school. They report that everything is nice and cold at snack time. The drinks, and sometimes string cheese, is in this for about 4 hours before they get to it. I've used it for drinks in the car and it has kept them cold for as long as the drinks last! Great product
Love the product, It just make good food that much easier. The cups a great for soups and other dining liquids. The bowls are Great also. I take care of my 82 year old grandmother & she just love how she can take a can of soup and poor it into the cup, cook it in the microwave then what she does not finish she can up the lid on and put it in the refrigerator. When she wants it again just take out of the frig. and put it directly in the microwave. Clean up is good also only on problem with them and that would be the lids. After a little time the plastic exsorbet a red tint from tomato based products. Other then this I'm buying them for all my friends as Christmas presents
Works fine. Looks like that many people have problems with this model. We have two in the house, they work through whole winter and never had a problem with them. I believe the trick is to actually clean it before the refill. It does make the difference.Taking away one star, because mineral filters are hard to find.
More durable than it looks. I could not tell from the picture on line the strength or durability until I opened the box when it arrived. It was excellent to handle all my cast iron pots and pans and looks great in my kitchen
It goes with anything. I purchased this item online in September of 2003 and while i have only used it once for entertaining I use the bowl all the time for almost anything. Since it's made of glass it can match any table setting and the glass is very sturdy.
WORKS GREAT!. I purchased this item to make my morning smoothie and I am very happy w/how it works. It is easy to use and you can take it anywhere. I travel w/it everywhere I go; it's compact and fits in any tote bag.
Beautiful. This vase is beautiful. I'm considering purchasing the matching hostess pieces to complete the set
Very Sturdy!. I ordered this rack for my mother and hoped that the one and only review would be true. It was absolutely true. My mother is extremely happy with this rack. In fact, she is ordering another one! If you are looking for a sturdy, heavy duty rack, this is the one.
Really 4 3/4 stars. This unit is very easy to use and I would of given five stars if the unit would of been just a little bit bigger in size.  Overall, love the unit and would recommend buying the unit.  We bought the unit because our new dog was getting into our other trash can. This one protects the smell and the dog does not bother it.  At first, the price seems alot but it is way worth the money.  We get lots of questions on the unit
Quick and Easy. This little machine couldn't be quicker or easier.  I put the bowl in my freezer overnight and made the simple vanilla ice cream recipe and had no problems on my first try.  The ice cream is not as smooth as store bought ice cream, but for something that takes less than 30 minutes from start to finish I see nothing to complain about.  I used the cooked custard type recipe which is a lot more work, but turns out a lot creamier. If all you want is a quick little dessert on short notice, just keep the bowl in your freezer and you can whip up some pretty decent ice cream on short notice
Krumkake. I love my new cookies's maker. It so easy to use and fast to get good cookies for dessert
Hip Modern Functionalism?. Obvious words such as hip, trendy, and stylish can be thrown around to describe the set's sexy aesthetic.  Easier to resuse and reseal than the plain old cork that came with the bottle of wine - if you find yourself sometimes accidentally pushing the cork into the inside of your wine bottle or struggle seemingly forever to get a new helping of zinfandel, your clumsiness may merit this item a necessity.  True, while not a complete, must have necessity for all; it serves its purpose and protects already opened bottles of wine from absorbing the weird, funky odors of whatever else is gracing your frig.  However, I've moreover found the Bottle Topper Set and Stand to be more of a fun gift item for friends turning the legal drinking age or as an apartment warming gift for kids who are living on their own for the first time and attempting it in an urbane, swinger style.  Perfect present for someone who doesn't really drink or doesn't drink too much, but likes to be thought of as a sophisticated, savant-ish consignor of all things novel and capriciously fun.  Withstands dishwasher wear favorably and likes to be polished a couple times a year
I LOVE IT!. So nice and useful!. I can program for whatever time I want to. It's so easy to use and clean
Easy to use. These are really easy to use, keeps things from slipping, and hold up in really high heat.  I don't care whether they stay spotless or not, they serve their purpose
Crunchy Toast. The best surprise is the evenly toasted crunchy surface of the toast with just the right amount of moisture left in the center of the bread.  I also am very pleased with the design. It looks like a little proofing box for rising dough.  Very unique
Ultimate use. Let's face it, you make an effort to have your home clean and coordinated.  Nice furniture and practical book shelves.  But you do not live alone; there is probably a canine or feline lurking around.  It may seem novel to buy a bowl with a picture of Garfield on it or some cutesy saying.  But in the long run this durable, multi use, dishwasher safe, bowl will look much better and your companion will not have to look embarrassed every time he/she wants a few laps of water.
Great Sheets - Pesto was a little darker than it looked on screen. This is my second set of these kind of sheets and they are great.  They are very durable and soft and, unlike some higher threadcount sheets, they look great staight out of the dryer.  Amazon is definitely the best deal, but I would recommend checking out the colors at a Bed Bath & Beyond store prior to ordering them with Amazon...some of the colors do not show up exactly right on a computer screen.  These are great sheets at a great price
Very handy!. This is a great product.  Very quick to heat and I enjoy the dettachable base feature.  The Cons include a limited amount to pour water into the unit (the lid doesn't pop up very far) and some of the finish doesn't do great with steam.  Overall a good buy
very solid pillow. This pillow holds the heart shape better than I expected from some of the other reviews.  We have been careful so that it does not burst because of others warnings about the mess.  Still my daughter has made good use of this pillow and still sleeps with it every night
All humans owned by cats should know about this product!. I donate Feliway to our local Humane Society and have educated them on how to use it to reduce stress by applying it in the cages.  I also volunteer and take photos of the cats.  I have found by applying a small amount to each arm, it is easier to get timid cats out of the cages.  I have also used this product in our home to help with introducing new cats to existing ones and to eliminate spraying problems by a FEMALE.  I highly recommend it
Kettle looks sharp and walks its talk. This beautiful kettle not only looks sharp, it heats water quickly because it has a flat bottom. So far it has not manifested durability or corrosion problems, even though water has been left in it
Great ottoman. You can't beat the quality, especially for the price!!!!!!I.t looks and feels like real leathe
you get what you pay for. Its cheap... You want to cook rice... it will cook rice... how complicated can that get?But dont expect perfection...The rice sticks to the bottom especially if you leave it in there for too long after its cooked. But its not the hardest thing in the world to clean it... just leave some warm water in the vessel for a while and the rice that was stuck to the bottom comes right off...The bottom line is that it does the job... and thats what I was looking for
Relief...At Last! (Amended Review). Like many people, I have ignorant neighbors that allow their yappy mutt to bark on and on and on. Despite talking to the neighbor politely and such, they still have no concern for the noise pollution. I was losing sleep, and the barking was getting so bad that I even considered moving!In desperation, we looked online for something to stop barking dogs. We came across Viatek's Super Bark Stop and decided to risk the money.WOW, talk about being worth the money! My husband affixed the device on a piece of wood, and staked it about 5 feet high in our back yard. It's unsightly, yes, but we're the only ones to really see it. More importantly, it's RIGHT IN LINE WITH THE BARKING MUTT. The first time he tested it, he told me the dog about jumped out of its skin! We laughed gleefully. Could a good night's sleep actually be on the horizon...?It's been several days and Super Bark Stop has worked AMAZINGLY. The dog will lie as far as it can away from the device...when it usually lay in the middle of the neighbor's yard. If it starts to yelp a little, it stops almost immediately. It's as if it's afraid to bark. YAY!You can select the volume, tone, and number of barks to help eliminate false activation (say, from talking or loud bird squawking). Audible and inaudible both work fine, but we now keep it on inaudible at the two bark setting.The device is waterproof plastic and you need 4 D batteries (not included) to operate it.I am SO thankful we found Super Bark Stop! My nerves were really getting jangled and I was dreading early mornings, when they put the mutt outside. It's amazing at how inconsiderate neighbors are; just because you may want a dog doesn't mean I want saddled with its noise while you neglect it!P.S. After using Bark Stop for 2 weeks (yes, it did work!), we noticed that the neighbors dog started to bark a bit more. (Not as bad as before, though.) We had it on silent, and realized that it had stopped working. Apparently, it's not 100% waterproof, despite the claims of the manufacturer. The person I bought it from said that "once it's opened, we find that it's not 100% waterproof". Well guess what? You gotta open it to put the batteries in it! Either buy a faux bird house to protect Bark Stop or house it where it won't get wet. Otherwise, you may find yourself in the same position we were in. We got a refund, and fortunately for us, our neighbors got rid of their dog...so we didn't bother getting a new one
Can't believe I waited this long!. I am 66 years old and have been married 38 years. We received a Le Creuset casserole pot as a wedding present...it has been fantastic and served us well. But I have secretly longed to have the 5.5 qt. pot!Finally thought that I had waited LONG ENOUGH! BOUGHT IT FOR MYSELF FOR CHRISTMAS!It's been perfect for soups for neighborhood get togethers, chicken, boiling up LOTS  of noodles, etc. etc.Le Creuset is really the best that you can get---in all sizes and configurations.Just don't wait 38 years to do it!Kay Colemanps I appreciated Amazon's good price and free shipping!pps If you have any extra sample pieces, please send them my way
Does What I Need it to!. I use this scale for food preparation. Living the Weight Watchers' plan, I find this scale is perfect for weighing and measuring food. Because I can zero the scale, it easily acommodates other dishes and bowls. The bowl is dishwasher safe. Easy to read, weighing in ounces and ML makes it more versatile. Because it weighs items up to 11 pounds, it is useful for estimating shipping costs. I sell on eBay occasionally, and this scale is always accurate. The price was good, and the scale does what I expect. That makes it a good buy for me
Great little grinder. I was a little worried when I read all of the reviews for all of the grinders (not just this one). Everyone was complaining about the grinds being a mess with the plastic containers, but I have not found this at all. This grinder is compact and looks great on my counter, and with a little tap on the counter before I open up the ground coffee container, the grinds all easily end up going straight from the container into my coffee pot. It is much quieter than my old blade grinder, and I haven't had any problems with beans getting stuck even though I use flavored beans. Since the coffee is best when it is freshly ground, I measure what I want for my pot into the grinder rather than filling the bean hopper and letting it decide how much to grind. I would highly recommend this to anyone. I've been using it for about a month now.
Good deal!. Works great! Heats up a large amount of water very quickly and efficiently. Nice design. And not too pricey!
Good but not great. I really like how it works with all my electronics ie. laptop, TV etc, but it's not really strong enough to work well on the blinds. This product works well on delicate things, but I wouldn't buy it for any heavy duty cleaning. Hope this helps
God DAMN!!. over the years, i've moved up the knife ladder one rung at a time -- from the cheapest of all cheapies (the 'forever sharp' serrated knife), to the decent chef's knife (i believe it was a $30 calphalon), to the damn nice 8" chef's knife ($90 -henkels).  they all had their moments in the spotlight, even the cheap serrated knife was a step above the paring knife i was using for all my chopping needs prior to it.  for our 1st wedding anniversary, my parents gave us a gift certificate to williams-sonoma.  we already have EVERYTHING we could possibly need or fit into our kitchen (grain mill, blenders, food processor, mandolin, spice/coffee grinders, ... you name it), and we had just gotten the henkels knife, so i didn't know what to do with the money.  and then i saw it: the santoku.  a salesman happened to walk by as i was staring/drooling at it in it's display case.  it is beautiful -- a piece of art.  the finest craftsmanship i've ever seen in a knife.anyway: long story short, we bought it.  i had no idea a knife could be so sharp.  the edge is so fine, it's almost invisible to see when you hold it up.  it has changed the way i cut my veggies.  i feel as though i am a master chef on iron chef with a knife forged in the great fires of some himalyan mountain monastery by Hatori Hanzo ("Kill Bill" reference).  do i like it?  hells yes!  do i recommend it?  only if you want the finest knife money can buy (until i find something better)
a great glass for spanish wine lovers!. If you drink a lot of rioja or ribera del duero wines, don't pass up the opportunity to try them out of this glass. It's designed precisely for tempranillo based wines, and the size and shape of the bowl (despite the slightly weird appearance) focus the bouquet in a way that will absolutely knock your socks off. If this is your wine of choice, you should try this glass. You'll be amazed at what you've been missing!That said, this glass probably isn't appropriate (or at least, it's not the best choice) as an everyday glass for a variety of different reds. But if you drink Spanish wine often, it's a glass well worth having.The one drawback here is the necessity to buy six, which may be more than some people need. If you do a bit of searching on the web, you'll find that some retailers offer these glasses singly
Excellent Fryer!. I made wonderful fried chicken in this pan! It has the perfect depth for frying, and an even heat distribution. I have also used it to make other recipes - it is extremely versatile
Good heavy duty bakeware. I have owned this set for about 3 months now, and I have enjoyed them very much.  They are very heavy and thick- and well made.  Very durable and they definately live up to what I have come to expect from Cuisinart.  $30 well spent
Great Ice Tea drinking mug. Product is what it is...if you like having a jar shaped drinking mug this is the one to have. If your contemplating different designs let me put my two cents in. You want a wide mouth mug, some companies make these with narrow mouth. They are hard to get clean. Wide mouth does not have that problem. Here is a redneck trick...Put 2 cups cold milk in the mug add a pack of instant pudding, put on a canning lid and shake. Instant pudding in 20 seconds. Hardens as you drink
Worth every penny!. Perfect example of you get what you pay for.  I love this trash can
A wine preservation system that really works. The Keeper system has changed the way I drink wine. In the past I'd hesitate to open a favorite bottle of wine, knowing that it wouldn't be finished without more guests over. Or we'd use a spray preserver for the 2nd half of that Napa Cab after our steak dinner, but then the next dinners wouldn't be Cab-friendly.With The Keeper system (and two extra taps), I can have a Cab, Pinot, and even a 3rd bottle (Zin, Italian, or even a vintage Port) open and ready for drinking. Since it's a closed system and air doesn't touch the wine, it stays in perfect condition until I'm ready to drink it. A glass of Cab one night, Pinot the next - and no rush to finish the bottle before the wine goes off.This system is more expensive than the vacuum pumps and sprays, but it works much, much better. Those other systems help a wine last a couple more days, but this system keeps the wine in top condition for weeks. The nitrogen tank lasts at least the stated 20 bottles of wine, if not more.
supercool. There is not a lot to say for measuring spoons, but they are super cool and are doing the job
Mattress Pad. Just a little difficult to put on by yourself, otherwise good fluid repellent
Pepper mill crushes the competition. Fast, reliable, can be done in the dark!  All of these describe using the Peppermill.  I love the very coarse ground peppers (red and black), so I mixed them in this great little mill.  With the whole peppers, the taste is out of this world and more economical too!  Fresh pepper allows you to use less and with the light on this baby, you can see exactly how much you are getting..
Fragile but worthy. I very much like THIS Sommlier glass but they are quite fragile.  A significantly better choice for everyday use is the Schott Zwiesel Diva line of glasses.  Granted, the Riedel glass is thinner at the rim but man, for my dollar, the Schott glasses are a steal
great for a big family. With a big family, this fryer is perfect for most stovetop dishes.  It also stores and cleans well.  A true quality piece
Very bright light!. I bought this night light because I read other reviews that said it was great for using in bed.  They said their spouse didn't even know the light was on.  I found the opposite.  Although the light works great for me, it also gives a glow through the entire room and if I'm not careful, the spotlight can shine right on my husbands face.  He's not too fond of that.  So... it is not a very discreet night light... but it works well for me.  I just have to hide under the covers until my husband falls asleep.
Excellent and solid mallet. This type of design is the preferred type by any serious cook.  Unorthodox, at first, but largely superior after a little practice.    Slides much better than a conventional mallet, larger surface area provides more even pounding.  You can get much thinner meat with this design than any other, in a shorter mount of time.The only reason I can't give it 5 stars is because I wish it was a little heavier.  It is pretty heavy as-is, but if it was a little bigger, it would be perfect
Simple but Effective. I had originally purchased the Krups version of their fanciest dual machine and it arrived non-functional with a display and buttons that were a little too "Star Trek" for me anyway...in fact, they didn't function at all.  The Delonghi Caffe Nero (so far) has been very straighforward, easy to use, and produces good coffee and espresso.  The quality of the coffee is moderate-high and I'm impressed with its strength selection system (a simple knob) and the mechanism by which it brews.  No bells or whistles to confuse me.  I did think initially that the permanent filter might be difficult to clean but not so far.  However, the heat resistant coffee pot has an interesting design and a strange top which snaps on somewhat awkwardly and appears vulnerable to breaking but otherwise I have not found any major flaws with this machine as of yet.Good coffee, good espresso, easy to use, easy to program for the next day.  We'll see..
Actually "Brews" Coffee. I've had no plastic taste problem with mine as others have had. This has been a terrific coffee maker - actually, the best I've ever owned. Wish it made 12 cups though..
Works as advertised!. This item works as advertised.  But they don't tell you that the glove is designed to fit either hand.  So go ahead and get two.  You will need them both to lift heavy dishes out of the oven.  They're much more reliable than regular pot holders that can slip when you're trying to retrieve a dish from the oven. The glove may be a little tight for a man with large hands.  I have medium size hands and the glove is fairly tight for me
Perfect for Casual Wine Enthusiasts!. We purchased this item after looking at our options for a wine refrigerator.  This model was the perfect size for our needs.  We entertain friends and family and have a kitchen/dining/family room open concept. Cosmetically, it blends nicely without being overly prominent and is attractive enough that I wouldn't hide it away.  It holds the temperature, well, unlike a prior smaller model.  Removal from the box and some minor "assembly" of the racks and handle took ten minutes before we plugged it in and began noticing the thermostat reflecting a lower temperature.  I'd suggest this as a great gift or addition to the casual kitchen where space may be an issue.  We are very happy with our choice
AAAAHHHHHHHH..........ZZZZZZZZ. First, I ordered the dual control but was sent this. That is the first mistake in dozens of Amazon ordres over the years, and they immediately credited me with the $10 difference. They would have replaced it at their expense, but I'm quite happy with this one.I live in Zone 5, keep the bedroom thermostat at 50*F, and sleep with the window open 1-2" all winter. I recently splurged on a Tempurpedic mattress, which I LOVE, but it absorbs the room air so it was very COLD when I got into bed, and it took nearly an hour to warm up. I was miserable but didn't want to trade it for a regular mattress, so I bought this. OMG, it's the next best thing to a tropical vacation! I turn it on #5 about 15 minutes before bed and then turn it off or down to #1. This also heats up the bedcovers, so you're enveloped in warmth. Lovely. Even when I'm too tired to trudge upstairs to prewarm, it only takes ~5 minutes to take the chill off. I also put my pillows under the covers (on the other half of the bed--they prevent the top sheet from getting warm) so that my head and neck are warm too. I like to be toasty but hate a hot room (obviously!) so this is the perfect, amazing, wonderful solution. Between this and the fabulous Tempurpedic, I sleep so well now
Love it.... I have this pan and I seriously love it.  I love the versatility.  We have used it for housewarming gifts for new neighbors as well as for cakes for my decorating business.  The cakes have all come out fabulously and they have not stuck at all.  It's a fabulous cake pan.  Probably good for monkey bread, blueberry bread or anything else you can imagine as well.  Have FUN with it!
They don't come any better!. This is my fourth Shun knife and it looks like I'm going for the complete set.  Me, and the rest of my crew!  You see, I work as a sous chef in a busy restaurant and over the years have amassed two (yes 2!) complete sets of german knives, great knives themselves.  But when my exec. chef recently threw over his beloved forschner knives for these shuns, I had to found out why.  So I bought my first one, a 7 in. santoku. It instantly became my favorite! I used it for the bulk of my chopping and dicing (and I do alot of that).  The d-shaped handles are fabulous; they give you a good grip, comfortable for the long haul and slip-resistant when your fingers are wet or oily.  My only complaint about the santoku is that it doesn't seem to keep it's sharp edge as long; it's a little thicker than the other blades and it takes more "steel" time to get it back to razor sharp.  Pretty well impressed, I moved on to the big work horse - the 10 in. chef.  Ok, it's now my favorite.  It handles the bigger slicing jobs with such ease, it's a dream to use.  And it was this knife that sold my crew on shuns.  Now three out of five of them have at least one shun knife - the 8 in. chef - and looking to buy more.  I still use my german knives; they continue to have their place in a restaurant kitchen with all the varied prep tasks that I have to do. But I find that the shuns come out more often than any other.  And as we all stand around the prep tables furiously working, every one of us has a shun in our hand.  These knives are definitely worth the investment
Practical and Stylish!. Finally I've found a decent pitcher that matches my vintage style! I've seen the large ones, my grandma had one, by the way, and I remember long lazy summer days drinking lemonade out of her pitcher. So I was very happy to find the little one in that very same shape which brings me good memories. Anyway, the little one is the cute, practical and stylish.
Don't be turned off by bad reviews!. I read lots of negative reviews on this product, but, having previous experience with the brand, ordered it anyway.  I am completely happy with the popper...does what it is supposed to do.  The bad reviews were mainly about corn flying everywhere...you need a large, deep bowl to catch the corn..then you won't have this problem...I think it even states this in the directions.  Other reviews complained of the plain taste....this is an air popper...that is the point...to be able to pop plain popcorn without all the oil and butter...if that's what you want, you might as well stick with microwave popcorn.  I spray mine with low cal. butter flavored spray and sprinkle it with salt....doesn't taste like movie theater popcorn...but it is a tasty, healthy alternative...and that is what I wanted
Grill for my son. I bought this as a gift for my son and had it mailed to him.  He's told me several times that he thinks it's great and uses it often.  He received it in just a couple days after I ordered it!
Just Right. This colander is perfect, not too heavy, not too big with just enough holes to do the job and it's cute too!  The ring base is very stable. Good deal
Misto. I bought one a few yars ago and hated it. Now I love it. What's the difference. After using it, I release the pressure in the can and (2) I spray it straight, lifting the pan, instead of pointing it down. It works prefectly that way; when you put it down, oil can dribble out. And the delivery was quick
Butter comes in different sizes!. I bought the fiestaware cobalt butter dish while living in Arizona.  The butter sold there is packaged in shorter, wider, and higher sized sticks.  So, it didn't fit into the butter dish unless I trimmed it!!  Couldn't figure it out, why would they make a butter dish that a stick of butter won't fit into??!!  So....have just moved to the Houston area, and guess what, the butter here is sized just right for the dish.  Maybe they need to make two different sizes for west and east coast butter??  Crazy!  Nice butter dish, though
Cookie Cutter(s). I ordered various cookie cutter sizes and shapes.  I was pleased with them all.  They were shipped quickly and packaged carefully
Very Pleased. I did a good bit of research of deep fryers before making this purchase, for the price we are very pleased.  When unpacking the box was a little apprehensive due to the flimsy lid however that was my only concern.  We have used it several times and have been very happy.  It feeds a family of four(plus friends) very easily.  Do wish the thermostat went to 400 or oil would heat up faster but those are minor.
Stop inappropriate cat spraying and urinating with Feliway. Feliway has made a huge difference in our neutered Russian Blue. He was territorial and literally marking and urinating everywhere, putting us at our wit's end and causing us to have to replace carpeting (and some sub-flooring) in two rooms. We have five of the electrical outlet Feliway dispensers going now and also use the spray. He is so laid back now and so non-aggressive toward our other two cats!!!! They were always afraid to enter into a room in which he was as he would chase them unmercifully! We also began using ATTRACT litter which is available at pet stores. It guarantees 100% cat box use by cats. Both of these products, used simultaneously, have performed a huge miracle and everything is perfect now! There have been NO mistakes!!! INCREDIBLE from what we were facing at one time! Hint: use a plug-in black light available at Home Depot to double-check for inappropriate spraying and urinating.
Very nice. the price was amazing, half of what department stores charge for Henckles.  rugged substantial quality, and fit great with my decor. The basic shipping, was here within a week.
Big Ol' Platter. I love this platter. We always have a crowd over and I love its versatility. It is huge and is great on a Thanksgiving table.I have the persimmon, it is a great orange-y color. Goes with a ton of color schemes from spring to fall! Storage is a pain but it's worth! It serves everything from ribs on the grill to a kids birthday party with cupcakes overflowing! Buy one, you'll use the heck out of it
An amazingly good deal!!. I'd been looking for a good juicer for a number of months, but had shied away because they're expensive.  I saw this deal, read and analyzed the reviews, and rolled the dice.  It arrived yesterday, and after easily disassembling it to wash the parts and get to know it initially, I ran a half dozen carrots through it.  OMG!!  Fast and delicious carrot juice in my own kitchen!  Clean-up was easy (well, I was an old pro by now) and quick--under five minutes.To address some of the negatives you may read, first, size:  of course it's big.  They're all big and bulky.  It's their nature.  Second, residue:  my carrot pulp was DRY.  I suppose if I'd put it on the floor and stood on it I might have gotten maybe another teaspoon of carrot juice out of it.  Third, it's factory reconditioned:  for me, that's a plus.  Consider this:  the manufacturer rolls out tens of thousands of these off the line, each one eye-balled and polished by QC before bagging and boxing, assuming that they are all good to go.  But, a factory re-con is gone over from top to bottem, inside and out before it's released.  No assumptions--the last thing the manufacturer wants is to see that thing back again, so you know they'll make sure they don't.  And if it'd been returned for a little cosmetic blem, I can certainly live with that considering the discount I'm getting.I'm still not sure why they're virtually giving these away, but Waring is an old and trusted brand, and the juicer is not cheaply made.  I'll be back in a year (hopefully not sooner) to give some time perspective to this review.  As soon as I finish writing this, I'm ordering two more as Christmas gifts.
A great product for the money.... This is my first pressure cooker.  The design is far as safety is fool proof.  No chance of this item blowing up in your face. You can make soup in fifteen munutes flat.   Turns any cut of meat fork tender.  Overall, I am very pleased with the purchase.  The only down side is the handles are plastic, and only time will tell in their endurance.  All in all, a great product for the money.  Highly recommended!
Beautiful. We have not used the glasses yet but they arrived quickly and they are beautiful.  Very nice for the price and hopefully they will last
Great Product. I have one of Black and Decker scrub brushers.  Big brush is the same. But on this one they included an attachment to use the pads.  The motor is powerful but fast speed could go a little faster for me.  The pads are like plastic steel wool and really do the trick... cleans my tub in like 2 min without effort.
Very nice. The magnetic pull of this bar seems perfect for holding knives, yet not too powerful to hinder removing a knife
Nice item, but advertised as the wrong size....smaller than usual. This is a really nice trash can and the automatic opening is great, BUT.....it is advertised as 13 gallons in the main heading and 12.6 gallons in the smaller print.  It is acually 42 LITERS, which works out to just over 11 GALLONS.  I was a little disappointed that I gave up some volume over my last trash can.  That means that I will have to empty it more ofter, of course
Works amazingly well!. I LOVE this product!!! I have cats and a father who works on helicopters so just imagine the smells we end up with in this house. All I do is fill up the smellkiller with water and within 2-3 hours the smells are gone, maybe not 100% but at least 90%. I highly recommend this product! Infact, after I bought my first smellkiller I came back and bought 5 more for other rooms and gifts, I love this product that much
Great Pot. Great pot, nice quality.  The first one had a chip, and Amazon did a very fast, free, replacement.  It comes with the little rubber clips to safely cushion the lid during storage.  A great pot, cooks fabulously, and the price is right
Good crate, but not for everyday. This is a good crate, but it's not made with the best quality of materials. I chose this crate because it was cheaper than many of the other ones and I'm happy with it overall. But, the zippers don't slide very easily and the side supports are more flimsy than other crates I've looked at. It's a crate that works well for temporary settings and it's very lightweight compared to my wire crate -- but, it's not very sturdy, so make sure your dog is well-behaved and doesn't claw at the bottom of the crate.I do like the fact that three sides have zippers, so you can easily access your dog or drop treats in from the top. There is also a treat bag that comes with it and a place for your dog's ID on the crate. There is a handle on the side for easy transportation when the crate is folded. It also comes with a pad that is soft on one side and slick on the other (so you can use it for hot or cold days), which is nice.Overall, it's a good crate but it could use a few small improvements. If you're looking for something to stand up to tougher dogs or to use every day, you might want to look for a heavier-duty crate. If you're looking for something to travel with and use on an occassional basis, this is a pretty good bargain
This peeler is AMAZING!!!. I first used this peeler at a Viking Culinary cooking class and it knocked my socks off! I've always hated to peel veggies and am the lazy type who leaves the skin on for mashed potatoes.Anyway, this peeler literally peels vegetables like it's cutting butter. It's almost effortless and takes less than half the time to peel when compared to traditional peelers. It actually makes peeling FUN!The price is a little steep (Amazon has the best price anywhere), but it's definitely a worthwhile investment. Happy Peeling
Easy to use, great purchase. This is our first espresso machine and it is really user friendly and makes a great drink. We use mostly espresso pods (Illy pods are a must have if you buy this) and love the resulting drinks. The steam wand could be a little higher, but it's not a nuisance in it's current configuration. For the price, I strongly recommend it
Super Towel. I was a little worried when I bought this towel for my son,  because he is a very particular person, and only likes good things. Well, here's what he had to say:  "This is a great towel, and it is the best I've ever used". Here you go! He approves of it! I say: "Buy it with confidence"
Utterly useless? I think not. The first review gave me pause but I bought it anyway having never bought a Circulon I didn't like. This works very well to keep sauce from spattering out the sides. I still use a screen on top for the real spattery stuff but for the most part, thisw handles everything else AND allows you access to stir and season without removing a top.
wusthoff 3" paring knife. this product came quickly and was everything I expected of the name..it has worked well and is extremely sharp...very pleased..will order other sizes...as it is a BIG savings over the store prices..
Back on the islands. This product works like a charm with no hassle. I make it every time my friends come over and sometimes i think they just come over for the shave ice instead of to hang out or play games
great single cup of joe. I received this machine for christmas because my wife knows that i usually get one cup of coffee in the middle of the day at work.  This machine is easy to use and works great.  It works using the home cafe pods well, but i tried the Melitta java pods, and i got brown water.  The Melitta pods state that they are designed exclusively for use with "the one:one coffee maker"You can get most coffee flavors using the Home cafe pods though. Pods may not be the most cost effective way to make coffee, but it sure is easy
Small fan. Quiet and easy to use.  I use it to keep my electronics cool.  It's not noisyand easy to place to keep my stereo components cool
FASTEST COFFEE MAKER ON PLANET EARTH!. No clock is needed for automatic brewing. Those that do have clocks and use them, are they really automatic? All the prep has to be done the night before. If you set it wrong, you don't have your coffee in the morn. Anyways, this Bunn coffee maker is simple, FAST and makes the best tasting coffee I have ever had. Bunn has focused on coffee making, not on gadgets with clocks, timers and a bunch of gizmo gimmicks. My stove has a clock & my microwave has a clock, there is a clock on the wall, a watch on my wrist and a clock on my phone, etc. etc., Do I need another clock in the kitchen? Hmmmmm. NO! The Bunn machine is durable and reliable. Makes no disgusting noises during brewing like most other machines do. Good for you Bunn! Bunn keeps the water hot at all times, starts spitting out coffee as soon as you close the lid. A full pot of coffee in 3 minutes or less!If you need a coffee maker, this is it.
Excellent measuring spoon set. I really like this set.  The metal handles are strong, narrow and easy to use with most any spice bottle opening.  The markings on the handle are very easy to read compared to others I have used.  Also, I liked the chain link that keeps the spoons together compared to others that separate or come apart.  One can undo the ring if they prefer to use one spoon at a time
APlus Cannister. I really luv this trio looks very good on my counter, and you can see what's in it thru the window
I Love It. This stainless cover is excellent! The top holder is soft and stays cool, the stainless steel maintains it's shine easily and it actually fits my fry pan! Very economical and a joy to have in the kitchen. It's not easy finding pot tops - especially ones that are this nice
Travel Clock. Well, it's a neat little clock. I purchased it to replace a different one I'd had for years, but, had put in "safekeeping" somewhere. Oh well. The only flaw I can think of is that it doesn't come with a travel case, or cover. Other than that, (a small issue, really) it's very nice.
Great Product. I have only had this vacuum for a couple of months, but it's a great piece.  It works well.  Very easy to operate, picks everything up on one pass.  You don't need to go back and forth over the same piece of carpet.  I'm really pleased with this purchase
Great knife! Sharp! Great handle!. We are picky about knives and really love this one so far.  Haven't had to sharpen it yet.  Great non-slip handle
great in my dorm room!. this is a sweet coffee maker for a dorm room. it is small [this is a plus, as coffe makers arent allowed in my dorm!], and has a cup WITH A LID [great to take to class]. one full cup is ready in 2-3 mins!! it is sort of noisy, thats my only complaint. and the black color makes it harder to clean when dirty. else, is great! imagine all the money saved instead of buying coffee twice a day from starbucks!
best thing ever. One cup of coffee at a time doesn't get better than this.Perfect for a household of coffee drinkers that wake up at different times
Good-bye dog hair. I searched around for a while for a reasonable priced vaccum.  I have only 1 real rug but man was it covered in dog hair, i used to be able ot rake it off with my One Sweep, now that I have this vac there is almost none left even after a day or two of not vaccuming.  I am so happy i bought this vac
A Really Smart Buy. A while ago, I received an Amazon gift certificate which I spent on this product.  Reviewing utensils and appliances is not my thing but I feel obligated to say that after Amazon did its usual fine job with prompt delivery, we have found this item a very useful addition to our household.  Like so many, I guess, we are struggling financially.  We therefore try to eat a lot of soups and stews.  This crockpot uses heat very efficiently and turns out exceptionally well blended meals every time.  I'm very glad I bought it and I think it would be of value to anyone in the same position as my family and myself.  Five stars!!
pizzellemaker. Been making pizzelles for over 35 yrs.  When I had to replace the old pizzelle maker with this one, I was amazed how much it was like the original.  Now everyone in my family wants to replace their decades old models
Well, it's OK but I like the older one better ......... I have the older (by about 10 years) model of the same thing.  The older model, which was called the Plus Heat was great. Never gave a lick of trouble until the thermostat blew out at about 10 years, not too bad for all the use it got.  We had it fixed locally at a DeLonghi repair shop and it it back up and running for $24.50.  Probably another 10 years.This one, the TRN15F1T, is a replacement for my old Plus Heat.  My wife confiscated the Plus Heat for her studio and I had to find something else.  The F1T is basically the same thing as the old "Plus Heat", but it is a bit smaller, and has a timer.  One thing I don't like about it is that it has one switch to turn on the radiator or a switch for the fan. I don't like that because it requires more attention on my part.  The Plus Heat has two switches.  One for the radiator, and one for the heater-fan.  That way, I could leave the radiator on all the time and use the heater-fan when I want it.  On the F1T, I have to pick both radiator and heater-fan, and let the timer control it, a minor inconvenience.  I would rather be able to leave the heater-fan off until I need it, but that doesn't work too well on this unit because they put one switch to handle both functions, and the one switch doesn't work too well.We had to return the first two units we got from Amazon, which doesn't speak too well about the quality control of the DeLonghi heaters.  I'm sorry to see that because they had great products in the past.  The first one we got, when we plugged it in it just smelled like burned insulation and didn't do anything.  Shorted out something I guess.  The next one worked for a couple of days and then the timer quit.  This one, the third one we got from Amazon, seems to be doing what it is supposed to do so far.  We'll see.All said and done, I think the older unit Plus Heat warms better and faster, but the F1T does a pretty good job.  Well, in either case, the DeLonghi F1T is a pretty good unit.  I'm sitting next to it right now writing this in 5 degree weather and I'm ok.  Hope you are as warm and dry as me, ha ha.Sidne
Fabulous appliance. I love this oven.  Bakes perfect cookies.  Toasts my nuts for salad.  Grilled my salmon cakes to perfection.  It is so great for a two-person house as you don't have to heat up the big oven for a small dish.  The pans are 10x11 inches - large enough to hold a round cake pan or square brownie pan.  You will love it
Great item. A good product, but can't be mounted too close to a wireless phone or the signal from the outside unit is interrupted.  Small hassle.  Easy to read from across the room and is accurate
good value. What's not to like? It's cheap and non-stick. Good value.Unlike most reviewers here, I found cleaning the rack to be a snap
Very Good. Gas prices here in California skyrocketed recently. We have an older, less efficient gas heater I haven't replaced yet. So we bought two of these Honeywells to switch to more electric heat. We're very satisfied. They warm up the room quickly, stay out of the way, and won't burn you to the touch. My big dog sits with his behind right up against it, and hasn't hurt himself yet
Good grip. Great mechanism. Cheers!. I recommend this item for anyone who enjoys wine, but doesn't have the manual ability to deal with the hard to use all-metal corkscrew gadgets. I appreciate the easy grip on the top and the way the screw part doesn't jam with the cork.I initially was introduced to the OXO Good Grips line through a family member with Multiple Sclerosis. The Good Grips products seemed to be the only thing she could easily use and that would not break easily when dropped. I quickly learned, however, that the line of products is not limited to use by folks with dexterity issues and have since fallen in kitchen love with my various OXO food gadgets
Great Pan and a Great Deal!!!. Had this pan for about 4 months now and I love it!!! Cooks evenly and is VERY responsive to heat changes and cleaning up couldn't be easier. Just a little soap and water, anything that was on just glides right off. Loved it so much that I bought the 8" and 10" Omelette Pans, very excited to use them. This is a great pan to have if you have limited space and need something that will fit different way/needs of cooking
Very nice for the money I paid. I am a realtor & added the towel sets in with a gift card to Lowes on closing gifts. The other sets I hung in a bathroom of an empty house to make it look nicer.
Best little lunch box ever!. The Japanese really know how to make the best use of space! This lunchbox is perfect for packing leftovers and the carry bag is very convenient. You can put a nice bottle of water down along the container and you're ready to go. Little pocket for napkins, wipes, other snacks. Its great. The only flaw is that the entire manual is in Kanji, no English on it at all and unless you've had something similar, you'd never be able to figure out to freeze the bottom, or put hot water in it. It does have a couple of pictures, though. Other than that, it's performance is a solid two thumbs up. I'm getting another one
NICE!. I am so picky about my knives---I want Wusthof but the price.....I've tried Henkles and other less expensive brands like Miracle Blade etc. but KitchenAid never fails to please me. The first time I used my new knives I was cutting pockets into partially frozen pork chops and ended up needing 6 stitches in my thumb! I do wish I had one more serrated blade, but other than that A
BEST OF BREED. I needed an automatic litterbox because after a horrendous injury to my leg I have had and will need many surgeries and it is impossible at times for me to get out of bed to clean the litterbox and painful the rest of the time.  It is easier to find friends to feed the cats only because scooping poop seems to fall out of the duties of friendship.  I saw all the great reviews of the Litter Robot and ordered it 1 month ago.I bought the unit in black and it looks hi tech. This is truly a great product and has made my life so much easier.It is easy to assemble and the noise is minimal.  I have 2 cats and I change the bag 2-3 times per week but the drawer would hold an entire week. The maker recommends 13 gallon trash bags but I prefer plastic litter box liners(jumbo size).There are only 2 problems with the unit.  One is that odor does come out of the drawer thru the little holes but I totally solved that problem by putting a Renuzit Super Odor Killer in the drawer.  The second problem is that due to the height and design when the cat comes out cat litter is strewn all around from his paws much more than with a regular covered litterbox so I suggest you keep a dustbuster next to it.Despite these small problems I intend to have one of these units for the rest of my life!
nice spoon. solid piece of wood. looks nice and spoons just as well as any other.  Handle is thick and easy to hol
Kitchen Aid Stand Mixer the Best. I am delighted with this product.  After waiting for years to buy one--they were always too expensive--I found out that Amazon carried reconditioned Mixers.  I can't tell the difference between a new one and this one, plus this incredible kitchen tool has finally made a baker out of me
Great machine!. I received this machine as a birthday present a few months ago.  Wow!  How machines have come along since the old Singer machine that I used to use!The machine in general - threading the needle couldn't be easier, you slide in the cartridge and it does the rest for you!  It has a foot pedal, but it also has a button on the front of the machine that works the same way if, like me, you are not so talented with the foot work!  The machine is lightweight enough to enable you to move it around easily, but heavy enough to be sturdy and sound.  The touch screen is fairly easy to use, and it even includes a help section, in case you should get stuck and don't want to go back to the manual.  Overall, it has all the features of older machines, plus some, without being too complicated that you daren't use it!It has quite a few Brother embroidery designs and fonts built in, as well as several Disney character designs.  All of these are fascinating to watch as it does it's work and, when finished, they look very professional.The machine has a slot for cards that you can buy with further embroidery fonts and designs.  Basically, you slot it in and they appear as options on the screen.  I haven't yet bought any of these, but I've seen them around.It also has the capability to accept your own designs... for this you will need to buy a card reader and software.  The card reader isn't terribly expensive - about $100, I think - but the software, if you want the latest release, will set you back around $700!  My husband cheated on this and managed to buy the version before the latest release at a much reduced cost.  I find that this version does all I need it to do, and I will upgrade when the new version becomes outdated following another release.I have been extremely happy with this machine.  I am not an experienced machinist, but it enables me to do so much without overwhelming me
Great table. I just got this table. It is perfect for us. Assembly was super easy. It comes mostly assembled already. This is the ideal soulution for us because we now have a place to put the contollers for the game consoles. They all fit in one basket, did I mention the baskests are really big, and the other basket holds my kids drawing supplies, so I am no longer breaking crayons when I walk through the living room. this is a really nice able, much better quality than I expected for the price. It has the feel of &quot;real&quot; furniture, not the cheap particle board and veneer stuff
Great, but difficult to clean. I bought this item for my office, thinking it would help keep the coffee fresh all day.  It seems to do that pretty well, though you can still taste a little staleness if you are a picky coffee drinker like I am.  It is also very difficult to clean fully.  Detaching it is a pain (I detached from the bottom for a full cleaning).  It would be a great idea if they could make the entire pot dishwasher safe, which is much easier for offices.  Or perhaps make the outside stainless steel compartment break into two parts to fit into the dishwasher (I've seen smaller similar items that do this and you can screw them together and apart).Still, it is a great product for a small office where the workers want coffee at different times throughout the day but don't want old stale burnt coffee!  The price is a bit high for the product also . . .
Think &quot;out of the box&quot;{. Fill the ramekin with a dip and place in a matching (coordinated) LeCreuset oval casserole dish filled with chips or veggies.  Nice presentation
2 dishes at the same time. This is a great idea.  I still use a crockpot cookbook my mother gave me 15 years ago.  With my old rival crockpot, in order to get the meat just right, the vegetables and potatoes would overcook. With the Hamilton Beach, the meat turns out great and I put the vegetables in the second dish, later in the cooking cycle. Both come out the way the should. Don't settle for a one purpose unit when you can get the Hamilton Beach
A Larger Multi-Purpose Case. I have 4 of these cases.  I like them because they are indeed larger and have extra 'nooks' for putting the extra accessories, foot pedal, manuals, extra books, material and sometimes a small sewing kit for when I take it to class.The size is OK for my smaller White 2000 serger and lots of sewing accessories and material; also good for my Elna 744 serger (larger machine) with pedal and extra feet and manuals.  If all you want is something just your machine's size, then better get the smaller Singer sewing case.  Do some measuring to be sure.  This case is for stand alone machine heads and not the type that needs to be attached with the 2 hinge pegs (for flatbed).  I'm very happy with these cases for the above reasons
Fabulous fabulous cookware!. I love this set.  I purchased mine at Costco's Business Center for just $99 and have cooked a gourmet meal every night this week.  I've seen this set all over the internet ranging in price from about $200 to $600 (!) on cookshop websites....yikes!  I've also seen it compared to All Clad cookware and while All Clad was never a consideration, due to the price, I did want a high quality set of professional cookware and this set delivers.  These are heavy pans with excellent heat distribution, and the clean up is easy.  I hand wash them and use a little Bar Keeper's Friend and a sponge if anything is crusted on.  Even cleaning up a honey and fresh ginger reduction sauce was a breeze.  The handles do indeed stay cool and I love the fact that there are no interior rivets in the pan (holding the handles on) that food could get crusted around.  The lids have a nice tight fit...so much so that it you hang them from a cookware rack you can hang them with the lids on and they seem to defy gravity and don't fall off. :)  If you are a serious cook ready for quality cookware, you will be thrilled with this economical and professional set.
Exceptional Product and Customer Service. Luigi Bormioli has proven to me that they possess the exceptional quality of service that I would like to be able to expect from all vendors.  When my product arrived broken from shipment, amazone.com would not replace it due to the fact that it was past their deadline.  I contacted the Luigi Bormioli company and they were heappy to replace the broken glasses.  When they arrived, however, they were the wrong glasses.  I returned them to the company, along with the broken glasses I had received to be sure they sent the correct glasses.  Again they happily sent new glasses and even included a few extra in case any broke in shipment again.  I would highly recommend these glasses and this company
Excellent fryer. This fryer works great and holds the temperature well.  It is a shallower fryer than some.  Deep enough to handle everything but large game hens or larger food.   Being shallow and wide gives it a significant advantage.  It creates a larger surface area within the basket for food to cook.  This allows for more items to be cooked at once when you need a little space between each item!Immersion heaters do use a bit more oil volume but that added volume also leads to a more stable cooking temperature over time.   As a result, the fryer seems to hold temperature well and cycles back to temperature relatively quickly.1800 watts is a lot of heating power.  The fryer will draw around 15 amps of current!   If you have an older house, you will need to plug it into a circuit that has nothing else connected to it.    If you need to run power from somewhere else in your house -- I prefer to fry outdoors -- you will need a heavy duty extension cord.   Look for a cord of at least 1875 watts power capacity
STAINLESS STEEL CANISTER SETS. I am pleased with all 3 canisters--they will compliment the Stainless Steel refrig/freezer when it arrives
Great glasses. I'm very satisfied with the glasses.  They are sturdy and attractive.  I would recommend them to anyone looking for drinking glasse
Cookware is great!. I bought this cookware for my mom and it is working out well for her.
Perfect. I ordered these sheets for my daughter's dorm room.  They are soft, have great style and fit the dorm mattress great
Nice Towels. Amazon had these on sale so I bought 4 sets, they are just great absorbent and sturd
LOVE IT!. Well, we've had this for about a month now, and it gets daily use.  So far we love it, EXCEPT I really am not getting a good froth.  Other than that, it's easy to use and makes wonderful coffee.  My husband would agree with another reviewer in that he says it's not strong enough.  This is the most expensive coffee machine that I've ever purchased, and am very happy with it and would recommend it.  Loved the Illy pods it came with and will have to get some more!  It makes a really quick cup of espresso!  NO MESS!! This is nice as I am unable to function in the morning without it!
Will Quickly Become Your Favorite. This just gets better with each use. I have had mine for three years now and it is BETTER than when I bought it. This is in contrast with just about every other kitchen item I own. I seasoned it according to directions, and give it a light spray of cooking oil after cleaning with just hot water and "elbow grease." Now that the dangers of Teflon are known, (you can read about it at length on Cooks Illustrated) it's great to cook with something that won't make me sick and, some claim, even improve the nutritional content of food made in it (supposedly cast iron imparts trace amounts of iron to food cooked in it). Note: there are limits as a cook you should know about when it comes to cooking with uncoated cast iron (highly acidic foods can take on an off taste when cooked in cast iron; as well, it takes a long time to get to get to the same heat level compared to a stainless steel pan; as well, cast iron holds heat longer, so you need to adjust times recipes when switching to different heat levels in recipes - i.e. if it says cook for 5 minutes at high then switch to medium, turn it to medium at 2-3 minutes instead). Still,  when it comes time to make a big batch of green chili sauce, a batch of burrito filling, or when the application of even heat is key, or putting a nice sear on meat, nothing beats cast iron. I also have a big cast iron Dutch Oven that I always use for soups & stews.
Super Saver Shipping - A real bargain???. I was advised of a special Amazon sale on this silverware from another website. I was able to click on a link which brought me directly to Amazon's website and product information.   I felt it was a great value, given that the sale was for a complete service for 12, plus some additional serving pieces.  Most available flatware sets are sold with fewer place settings.   I placed the order on 3/18 and elected to have the product shipped for free using the Super Saver shipping option.   The order arrived on 3/31 - 13 days after I placed the order.   The carton was crushed, punctured and ripped and the wooden storage box was smashed in pieces.  I had no intention of using the wooden storage box so I wasn't too upset.  What I find upsetting was the fact that it took 13 days to get this order to me.   Given the condition of the box and the long delivery time, I am not sure that the Super Saver shipping option is a real value.   I have always had good experiences with Amazon products and services but was not happy with this shipment.  I can highly recommend the product but I do not recommend using the Super Saver Shipping option.  It really is no bargain
Sango Nova Blue 6-Cup Pitcher. This is in excellent condition. It is a very beautiful piece I will enjoy it for years to come.  Thanks
Best Ever!. Best Raclette Grill ever!!! It works great and it's nonstick so clean up is super easy! I would recommend it to all of my friends
throw covers. these throws are pretty, washable, and my dogs get on them and they seem pretty durable
life of unit. I loved my hamilton beach unit and when I got use to the small about of noise that did not bother me.  Dusting was way down and now that my unit has stopped working I notice a big big difference in the dust and my allergies.  I have no idea why it stopped working after only having it for 3 years but it did. Anyone else have this problem
It works!. I gave this as a gift for Christmas, and it worked like a charm at dinner.  Not a drop on the table
I didn't want to spend the money!. I'm going to keep this simple.  I read every review that was posted about the Dyson.  I had a hard time spending such a large sum of money on a vacuum.  After much debate I purchased the Dyson Animal and I'm glad I did.  It's worth every penny.  It's very quiet, picks up pet hair and glides along the floor with very little effort.  I now enjoy vacuuming my floors.
Good little sucker. It is nice to buy something and have it works as promised! Actually this is my third. Bought one for my mom. I have had 2 over 11/2 years and they still work great. I bought iy with the intention of vacuuming dog hair. I have a lab that sheds 12 months a year. It works great!
Information about packsges and boxes caused confusion. It's misleading about how many items in a package.  At first, I thought each box had 6 bags (or 6 packages?) so I ordered 3 boxes and expected to have 3 x 6 = 18 new bags (enough to use for 1 year).  But it turned out that each box had 6 packages, each package had 3 new bags, so I had mistakenly ordered 3 boxes x 6 packages x 3 new bags = 54 new bags!!!  May I return some of them for a refund?  Thanks
This is an excellent Air Cleaner. This system is called an Air Cleaner, not an air freshener, so I don't think I would expect it to remove pet odors or any other scents from my home. We have 5 air cleaners throughout our house; one in each of the bedrooms and one in the living room. After only a few months, we checked the black filters, and was amazed at how much dust was removed from our home. Imagine how much dust is blown around in the winter-time, with the dirty vents blowing the dust everywhere. I haven't noticed a change in the odor of my house, but then again, I have Vanilla scented candles and Renuzits around my house, so I really don't want the scent removed. Running the air cleaner during the night bothered my husband while he slept, so we only run ours during the day. My 3 teenage sons sleep through the humming sound, and don't notice it at all. I bought some extra filters on Ebay, so I would never run out.
Great bargain - exactly what I was looking for!!. I wanted to dabble into making some homemade Beef Jerky.. but I didn't want to spend a whole lot of money on a dehydrator because I wasn't sure of the outcome..Well this dehydrator has exceeded all my expectations. It's easy to use.. it's an affordable appliance, and it's economical because I can make better tasting Jerky than I can buy in the store for far less $$$ ... it works FANTASTIC!!The fan at the top of the unit prevents you from having to rotate the trays versus the types that have heating coils at the bottom. This also makes the unit & trays much easier to clean.My experimentation into the Jerky world has been a successful one. I would definately recommend this unit.
Fantastic Chopper. I love my new mezzaluna. Its nice, sharp, super easy to use & clean. The only thing I'd like is a cover to protect the blade...but I dont know if those even exists.
This is the one to get. We've had this one for nine months now and it's shown no signs of wear.We had another cheaper brand where the cups would get chipped when we ground ice, and also within a few months it ceased working altogether.  You'll definitely get more value out of this one.One minor annoyance is it overheats quickly and shuts down - its only good for making two ice-blended mochas before it gets too hot.  But the other brand we owned did the same thing.  So.
Pillowcases. These are 400-Thread-Count pair of pillowcases. I got as many as I could and all different colors and sizes, because I have twin, Queen and King size pillows at my house. I didn't worry about colors (white, wine, plum, light blue and more). It really didn't matter what color case I put on, because with such a variety, it was easy too coordinate. But, nobody cares, because they are so soft and you can change them every day in the heat when everybody is sweaty at night, or for whatever reason it's dirty. They wash and dry just like new every time. Can't sleep better than with a fresh, clean, and soft pillowcase under your head at night.
Great for Pasta, Not so good for Grains. I purchased this hoping it would be a great grain strainer.  It turned out to be an excellent pasta strainer, but the holes in the mesh are too large for grain straining
Great Offers. I look for the reviews and I do make jusdement on if I do want to buy an item you have to offer here. I really like the Gold box offer too.  What a great idea, the price range noted here is high [for me], espically with so many individuals out of a job, just a recommendation
Excellent alternative to shock collars. I have an old beagle who decided in her dotage that she would bark when ever she didn't get her way, she was becoming intolerable, barking at all hours of the night, disturbing everyone around. She is extremely fragile, with a heart condition, and I felt a shock collar could kill her. I will admit I was very skeptical about this spray collar but I was desperate, anyone who has owned a beagle will know that they are difficult at best to train.So  I tried the collar, and I am very happy to report it works, Tallys barking has returned to its normal level,which was infrequent, it happened quickly, within a few days, we followed the directions on the box, which are very important, and had good results. I can't promise this will work for every dog, but it worked well for ours,without resorting to shocks. I don't think you can just hang this collar on your dog and expect it to work, although I do ocassionaly with Tally to refresh her training, I feel it is very important to do the training outlined in the instructions, and you will get results fairly quickly. I am quite satisfied with this product
Works Great - Dollar for Dollar Great Buy. Bought this vacuum because Consumer Reports picked it as one of the 2006 best buys.  Better than Dyson or Rainbow.  This is our second Eureka, but this one is significantly better than the last.  The last was a bagless model, and this one uses bags, and as a result it's much easier to clean.  Bags are quite inexpensive, so it only adds about $10-15 per year (6-9 bags).  Suction is fantastic.  Noise is low.  IT's easy to use.  And I will add that we purchased a "refurbished" model, but we can identify no defects or differences.  Looks perfectly new and runs great.  So the choice is yours:  Dyson for $400+ or this one which is better for $99 ??
Sub-queen sized. We bought this topper to replace a worn out topper of a different brand, that after 2+ years was no longer bouncing back into shape.  This Serta topper is just fine, as comfortable as our last one.  My big complaint is that someone at Serta (though Serta isn't the actual manufacturer) needs to measure a queen sized bed, because this topper falls about an inch short on all 4 sides.  If you place the topper in the included protective cover, it's several inches short on all 4 sides.  I know 1 inch sounds minor, but if you're a stomach sleeper and tall enough where your feet hook off the end of the bed, the topper doesn't protect you feet from the stiff edge of the mattress.  As far as toppers in general, we have found that a huge advantage is the how much they help isolate movement across the bed.  You don't feel your partner moving around nearly as much with a topper (though presumably with a full Tempur bed isolates even more).  Definitely choose a topper with the highest density you can afford, and the thickest you can afford
Amazing Difference. The municipal water where I live has so much chlorine and other things in the water that you can easily smell it in the shower.  Because of that, my skin and hair were just about always dry.  Chlorine is added to municipal water to kill living things such as bacteria and virii, and since we're living things, it tries to kill us too.  Unlike a pool, most people shower every day at least once.In the shower, your skin absorbs this chemical and you inhale the chlorine gas when it steams up.  This is highly toxic to your body.Installation of this filter was a breeze.  I'm absolutely horrible at most do-it-yourself things, but this took me less than five minutes to install, and that includes finding a wrench.After only a short time of using it, my skin is softer, my hair is manageable and soft and easy to comb, I use much less soap and shampoo, and I feel generally better; healthier.I would highly recommend this filter.  The feeling and health benefits far exceed the cost
Finally I found It!. The paper towel holder I've been looking for. I have been searching for one that doesn't come apart when you pull a sheet off of it, wobble or tip over, have threaded ends that take a long time to undo, isn't made of cheap plastic or any of the myriad of other problems that plague modern paper towel dispensers. The only minor improvement that I can think of would be asthetics. I like the chrome but I would like anitiqued bronze or satin nickel better. Still gets 5 stars
Looks really nice, good shape, good volume but a bit heavy. It is a very nice piece, I broke 1 of 2 from a set so I purchased a new one off Amazon.  No complaints except for the weight, slightly too heavy considering it is still fragile like other ceramic serving bowls
Great Cookware. I just purchased these pans and love them. I had Circulon for over 15 years and there is no comparison. These pans are much better for cooking, cleaning, and non-stick ability
I doubt there is a better machine out there!. I have owned several different expresso machines in different price ranges. Hands down, this machine is the best I've ever used.  The machine works exactly as it is supposed to - I use it every day, sometimes a couple times per day and the espresso never changes - it's always delicious, and the steamed milk comes out perfectly.  I've even left the machine on all day a couple of times, and it still does not affect the machine - it keeps working like it's brand new.  The only downside is that it takes about 45 minutes for this machine to heat up.  HOWEVER, there are websites out there that can tell you how to get around this and have your shot of espresso in about 10 minutes.
Metal Cookie Cutter. Wonderful.  Will make my son's gradutation a huge hit. Sturdy construction.Impressive.
Miele's the bomb!. Okay, so it's hard to get excited about things like HEPA filters - or the vacuum cleaners and other devices they are used in.  When my wife concluded her extensive search for a replacement to our old canister vacuum and anointed Miele the winner, I was slightly less enthusiastic than she.  It's a vacuum cleaner.  It's just a tool for keeping things trim.After a very short while I began to understand her admiration for the design and build quality of this particular tool.  The HEPA filters and bags used are no less a part of this than is the vacuum itself.  If you tire of vacuums that are constantly gritty with the dust they stir-up but don't quite capture, get a Miele.  If you distain the smell emanating from your vacuum's exhaust, get a Miele.  If you long for a simple, easy to use and maintain system that even your husband will use, get a Miele.Use genuine Miele bags, and change your HEPA filter as recommended.  The difference in cost is minor, but you will be amazed at the difference in results
I love this bowl!. I love this serving bowl. I used it to store my various fruit when I was single. Now, spending my first holiday with my new husband, I am using it for casseroles, meat dishes and all sorts of uses! I highly recommend it and would buy more if my budget allowed.
Peacock is perfect!. I love this color. It mixes well with my other Fiesta place settings, washes like a dream, does not scratch and the food looks terrific on it
Works like a champ. This unit did a great job of keeping the humidity exactly where I wanted it. I filled it with triple filtered water and did not have the build up problems that I had with the double stage filter.As soon as you turn it on, it starts putting out the moisture. All-in-all it's a great little machine that does what it says it does
Works Well, for a While. I have had this thing for probably 8 years or so. It worked great. A tad noisy, but ground up the seeds well, with a couple choices of how fine a grind you want. Recently, it stopped working. It wines when you try to get it to actually grind, and some of the seeds are coming through. Even when it did work, it was necessary to shake it to get it to really get the job done. I guess in the age of disposability, not so bad for the money
Nice Little Dehumidifier. Used this dehumidifier in my bathroom because it's not very well ventilated.  This unit works well in that space.  Used to have a problem with dampness, but this really has helped control tha
great patio set. I ordered this four piece set and really like it.  The quality seems great and durable.  The color is defitely not white.  It is more of a light tan color, but the price was too good compared to other sets I've seen at Pier 1,ect...  so I won't be retuning it.  Just want you all to know it's not white, but very sturdy.
good for pet hair. I read the reviews before I purchased. I did alot of research including using my Sisters. The other reviews were discouraging but have really liked the Hoover. We have always had Electrolux and I am very supprised at how much better this picks up. We have 2 long hair cats and a golden retriever so we have alot of pet hair.The Hoover is heavy, but with the self propelled you don't notice. When you go to put it away you just lean it back and wheel it in the closet. My only concern is with Hoover when you need repairs you have to take it to one of their locations, which are few. I am hoping that will not be an issue.I have been really amazed at how dirty our carpet must have been since it picks up so much more. It makes our carpet look much newer!
Works well, fits multiple units, limited ability/ lifespan. These filters fit both our models 4251/4271 and HB's TrueAir webpage indicates these filters fit all 3 of their Odor Eliminator models. Our house has a smoker, 4 small dogs and we burn candles. We need to replace filters every 6+ months. The units still work fine after 3 years but, they are small and only plug into out of the way receptacles
Well Worth the money. I read all reviews on the remanufactured GR 4 Griddler by Cuisinart. Yes mine had a few cosmetic blemishes that is to be expected nothing major though, I wont complain I paid 70.00 off the original price. I have used the griller to make flat bread , pancakes, steaks, chicken, sandwiches and veggies. I could not be happier its easy to clean and heats up in a instant. My only complaint is when using the griddle both sides heat up and you don't have the option to only use one side. I love Cuisinart and they never fail to impress me with the workmanship
Classic. No self respecting Asian uses anything but a Zoji rice maker.  As for the new magnetic technology, I'm sure it's fantastic but as kids we used to fight over who got the cruncy browned bottom "skim" on the bowl known as "nudangji"Make sure you take off the removable top and clean the permanent lid
Versatile and easy to set up. Perfect for setting up inside a cabinet.  Not the most decorative looking wine rack, but I like flexibility in configuring the individual pieces to suit your needs
The best knife that I have ever had!. I was given this knife as a birthday gift six months ago. It is absolutely wonderful! Perfectly balanced, sharp, and nice to look at. The fact that it is so well balanced makes it extremely easy to use. Slicing watermelon or cutting sweet potatoes requires hardly any effort any more! All I have to do is let the knife do the work. Chopping vegetables for a tomato sauce is a cinch with this knife. I have a large family and it is not unusual that I have to prepare dinner for 12 to 15 people and this knife has made it easy for me. I intend to get a full set of these knives eventually. In my opinion, there is no comparison to my Sabatier chef's knife
Wow great knife!. This is the knife that most cutlery sets leave out (oh, and the Santoku as well), and I highly recommend getting one.  It really makes deboning so much easier- especially on chickens and turkeys.  I deboned a turkey in no time, especially appreciating the extreme sharpness and flexibility of the blade.I have a mix of Wusthof Classic and Grand Prix knives, but settled on this to 'match' my Classics.  There's no difference between the Pro S and Wusthof Classic in terms of performance, but I preferred the lower price tag and shorter length to its Wusthof analogue
I cant sleep without these sheets!. I got these sheets, and I fell in love with them. I cant sleep without them. When they go on sale with free super saver shipping, I buy a few sets. Every bed in my house has these sheets, pillow cases, and top sheets. If you buy these, prepare to fall in love. These are super soft, and only get softer after each wash
Quartz vs Oil filled. Several weeks ago I purchased a Delonghi 1500w Oil-F[lled Radiator as supplement heat for my woodworking shop which is 24 feet by 28 feet.  When it arrived I took it straight out of the box and plugged it in on high.  It heated up with no off gasses and put out a fair amount of heat.  It didn't make a noticable difference until I put a small fan behind it to help circulate the air which helped condiderably. Since this is a good looking unit I decided to trade it for my old Marvin 1500w which I use in the main part of the house.  I was amazed at the difference between the two.  The 1500w quartz heater was much better at heating up my shop than the 1500w oil filled radiator.  This was confirmed by my wife wanting the return of the quartz heater to the main part of the house.Conclusion 1500w quartz outpreforms 1500w oil-filled by 30%
George, Martha would be Pleased. The George Foreman GR10AWHT Champ Grill is an outstanding unit per my daughter. She uses it primarily when she is not going to be cooking outdoors. Everything cooks up fast and stays moist and warm! She says it cooks to her liking consistently. It is also easy to maintain and clean just like our other unit. She loves it.
Perfect Blinds for the price; Excellent company. For this amazingly-low price, these blinds are perfect for revamping the look of your home. They work flawlessly, are of good construction, and are elegant to see. The company is also a pleasure to deal with. One of our sets came with a cracked part, and they sent out a replacement right away. The only thing to keep in mind is that they are not light-blocking, that is, even when closed, some light does get through. This feature is fine for us. The black color is specifically excellent for shading the light, even when light does get through. The black color also eliminates all glare when the blinds are open, making it perfect for office windows
Well worth the purchase. I purchased this in hopes that I wouldn't have to continually wipe the wine drop sliding down the bottle and prevent wine stains on my white counter top...it works great!  For the price, you can't beat this gadget.  There are alternatives however.  I have seen the round discs that you can curl and insert halfway into the top of the bottle, which creates a thinner edge, preventing the &quot;run down&quot; effect
Best. Knife. Ever. I've been a German knife snob for years.  But this 8-inch chef's knife by Japan's Global is the finest blade I've ever owned.  Period.Maybe it's not as easy to sharpen as a Wustof or a Henckel, but then again, it holds its edge ten times longer.I've spent ten years and hundreds (and hundreds and hundreds!) of dollars collecting German steel.  Global is so good that it has me thinking of starting all over again
Riedel wine glasses/cabernet. This economy priced Riedel cabernet glass is typical of all Riedel glasses.  We use it as an all-purpose, everyday glass.  I have used Riedel glasses for over ten years and am sold on their design and durability
Honeywell HRF11 Honeywell Hepa-type Filter. Product received in a timely manner and meets advertised specifications.  Would purchase again thru amazon
Quality Basic Pressure Cooker. This is a solid, basic stainless pressure cooker, that is quite a bargain at the $41.45 price (or $33 something after the $25 off $125 kitchen purchases).Advantages:*  Easy to use flip pressure regulator for quick release of pressure*  Only has 15 lbs pressure that is adequate for normal pressure cooking*  Has handles on both sides that makes the cooker easy to carry and stable when full.*  Stainless won't interact with food product such as tomatoes.*  8 qt. capacity gives 4 qts of capacity when cooking foaming products such as beans or lentils.*  Easier to clean than some pressure cookers I have used.Disadvantages:*  Only cooks at 15 lbs of pressure, where some recipes call for only 10 lbs and would have to be adjusted.*  Most canning is done at 10 lbs pressure at sealevel and up to 1000 ft elevation*  I respectfully disagree that this cooker is meant for canning.  It could process 3 or 4 pints in a pinch, but a 23 qt pressure cooker is the canning workhorse and will hold 19 pts or 7 qts.  The manual suggests not canning in it, and it doesn't have a canning trivet included.*  It is much lighter weight than older Presto models, so I don't know if it will last as long as the old ones did.Overall, it is a great pressure cooker for most cooking, and is a very good value
Great, but... I needed a saucepan to cook oatmeal in that would let go on the bits that stick to the bottom.  Sounds silly, but I love oatmeal and hate cleaning the pan afterwards.  This cleans up easily and cooks evenly.  I have used it for cooking rice, gravies and other foods that seem to stick and it always cleans up well.  Now, for the lid.  There is a black band on the inside of the lid and it scrubed off one night recently.  I sat down, wrote an email to the company and by the next day, they have a new lid on the way.  They asked only where to send it, nothing else.  I like companies that stand by the product they sell.  So, if you are going to buy from this line, check that black band, it should be between the glass and the metal, not on the inside of the lid.  If you have a problem with the product, ALWAYS notify the manufacturer, they will almost always make it right, like Calphalon did for me
New Fry-guy - pretty pleased.... I've always wanted a deep fryer, and finally decided to take the plunge.  After doing quite a bit of research, I decided on this model - picked one up at Bed, Bath, and Beyond with a 20% coupon.  In my opinion, you generally get what you pay for - so the extra cost vs. competitors wasn't a real concern.I must say, overall, I am quite pleased. While I am new to frying, I found it extraordinarily easy (it is pretty hot though, so be careful).  Only complaint would be that the capacity is a  little on the small side, say if you're cooking entrees for a larger family (for example, you can really only fit 3 (MAYBE 4) pieces of chicken at a time).  But since the chicken needs to cool down anyway, this wasn't such a major issue.  It came out nice, crispy, and golden brown - not too soggy, not too crisp - perfect.I figure if it can handle the chicken, vegetables and smaller portions will be a piece of cake.  Although I've only fried a couple of batches, I am beyond pleased - but I'll let you know if I have any problems...  Great item so far though.
Copper Salt & Pepper Shakers. A beautiful addition to any kitchen; these are much prettier than the photo here; they're lacquered to prevent tarnishing and are nicely weighted (not too heavy, not to light).The brass "S" and "P" are neatly riveted onto the shakers & are a nice color accent ("gold" in color).  My only complaint:  I wish the pepper shaker's holes were just a little larger--it takes some enthusiastic shaking to get an adequate amount of pepper onto food.  Will fix that soon by enlarging the holes myself, but wish this had been done at the factory.  If it weren't for that flaw, I'd give this 5 stars; worth the $
Simply the best... I've had this now for about 6 months or so, and I make smoothies and orange julius imitations from time to time and this baby is a real workhorse!  It's squat, ugly, industrial gray and utilitatian in design and as loud as a mig at takeoff when going full blend, but underneath this blender lies the heart of a beast that will surely never die.  There is no alternative to an all metal drive shaft and linkages, cheap plastic won't last half as long and good luck finding a replacement part when you need one...  Sure the other blenders out there are prettier and come in a kaleidoscope of colors to match any decor but if it's just blending power and reliability you're after then I whole-heartedly reccomend this one
Great Product. We bought this to replace an older Hamilton Beach Griddle.  This is a great product.  Works well, nice size drip pan, washes easily, and the griddle it self is nice and big.  I am 100% satisfied with this produc
Great heavy stockpot. I needed a good stockpot to make pasta sauce and this was it. The stockpot is a good heavy coated gauge and conducts heat very well.The lid is also very heavy and covers the pot nicely. Side handles are strong and durable. The one I ordered is a beautiful blue and goes very good with my kitchen decor. I cant say enough wonderful things about this fine piece of cookware. Well worth the cost, if the 8 quart size is as good I'll order one of those shortly
Very pretty, but be very careful!. I bought this as a gift for a friend.  It's gorgeous and looks really great when assembled...but no assembly directions were included in the box!  She and I had to work together to get the decanter into the metal holder (she pulled the frame while I maneuvered the decanter in place)...and as someone else said in an earlier review, it's NOT ever coming out of that wire frame!
Effective traditional wok. It's a wok, made of cast iron, as simple as that. When you're storing it, I'd recommend not hanging it (or doing it only very carefully), someone managed to knock mine off it's perch and it cracked in half. That's to be expected with cast iron, just keep it in mind
Terrific potato masher. I operate restaurants and often cater to large BBQs and groups...One of my special recipes calls for 30~40# of potatoes in their jackets to be mashed...I've tried all kinds of mashers before finding this one...I can do the ENTIRE flat in just a few short minutes...It's saved me tremendous time and I love it!!!
Great, quick, yummy!. Great pizzelle iron. Large cookie shapes compared to other irons.  It cooks the cookies FAST, so DON'T walk away from it!  I always have family and friends hovering around me, waiting for the batch to be done, so speed is a big plus.I also use nonstick spray, even though it is teflon coated.  If I don't, the dough gets stuck in the tiny pattern grooves and its a pain to scrape out with a toothpick.If you want to mold the cookies (Ice cream cones, pudding bowls, canoli tubes, etc.) you need to do it quickly, as the cookies cool off and harden within seconds of removing them from the iron
Still looking new after all these washes. I've had these sheets in orange for about a year and they've seen the inside of the washing machine quite a bit... but they still look great! Highly recommended
Chicago Metallic Gourmetware Non-Stick 12-Cup Popover Pan. I ordered this item because I had a 6-cup popover pan, but a 12-cup would be more practical when preparing meals for a larger group of people. The item arrived in a really timely manner and the quality of this item is great. This item should last for a very long time based on the quality of material used and how well made it is contructed. I am totally satisfied with the product, I have no complaints what so ever
This Product is OUTSTANDING!!. I give this product a thumbs WAY up.  It is built to stand up to anything with the steel.  It makes the perfect waffle without having to think about how long to put them on for.  It takes the quess work out and does the thinking for you.  I love it.  It is worth the money
Gotta try Ebelskivers!. I inherited an ebelskiver pan from my husband's grandmother.  It's a family tradition (even though they aren't Danish) to make these.  After trying them I realized as a kid I had eaten them at a friends house.Now I own three pans, two are cast iron and one is like this one.  I love all three and the one with the wooden handle certainly does it's job well.  My personal favorite though is a 100 year old cast iron pan I found at an antique store.  Most people tell you they are egg poachers not knowing what they are really for.These are a wonderful tradition to start and will quickly be a family favorite.  We always use apple sauce as the filling but are soon going to try a recipe with ricotta cheese in the batter and a fresh blueberry filling.You can eat them plain, with powdered sugar, with a tart jam (I saw Lingonberry suggested) or butter and syrup.
Great Pillows  for Kids. Loved this pillow.  it is a lot of  fun
So far, so good!. I read alot of reviews on different thermometers and decided on this one.  The probe looks pretty solid, and it works very well so far.  I use it mainly on my gas grill
a cow's assistant. I have been looking for one of these for years every where.Hardware,supermarkets and even walmart doesn't carry it.Call there porchasing agent and enlighten them that the item is availavle.I am 75.
Satisfied 100%. The OXO 2-cup stainless measuring cup is the perfect measuring cup.  It won't crack when you pour boiling water in it.  It is shaped and marked so you can easily look down from the top and see just exactly how much you have put in it.  I admit I didn't quite believe that till I got it.  It is 100% true.  The handle is the typical OXO black insulated material so you don't get burned and it is balanced to make pouring easy.  The "funnel" lip avoids spills.It is truly the perfect measuring cup im my opinion
Heavy Cups, decent cup stand. The cups are heavy and huge. The cup stand is beautiful. The cups are brittle and break easily
Easiest Eggs Ever!. Hard-boiled eggs couldn't be easier in this egg cooker.  You can't miss with this machine.  Just use the measuring cup that comes with it to add water, the amount of water for the number of eggs you are making is conveniently printed on the measuring cup, pierce the large end of the egg, place it in the egg tray, pierced end up, put the cover on and turn the switch.  That's it!  You will hear a tone when they are done so you can't over cook them or make a mistake.  I don't understand reviewers that complain about appliances that beep etc when what you are cooking is done.  The sound the appliance makes enables you to multi task, clean, cook something else, fold laundry, whatever you want to do.  Anyway, after you hear the tone, just remove the cover and lift the egg tray out, run them under cold water and you are done!  Perfect eggs!  And, both the cover and the tray has handles that stay nice and cool so it is safe and easy to remove them.The cleanup is almost too easy, everything except the base is dishwasher safe.  The tiny bit of egg residue on the base can easily be cleaned with some white vinegar.  It will cook 7 eggs at a time but is very compact and easy to store, you can put the measuring cup, trays etc under the domed cover to keep everything together and the cord can be wrapped around the base to keep it tidy.  It is an excellent egg cooker at a great price.  Definitely worth buying!  Highly recommended! A+A+A+
I love this set. I bought this set at $35 in Corning Revere outlet as display unit, figured for cooking ware display unit has no difference than new ones as long as you are not buying it as gift ...It looks beautiful, distributes heats quickly and evenly and best of all, so easy to clean compare to non-stick cookware. My husband was totaly against it when I bought it because he felt stainless steel cookware are not non-stick, so not good for cooking chinese stir-fry and now he is taking it back! Even though it is not non-stick, the food is easily scraped from it during cooking as long as there is a hint of moisture so it will NOT actually stick. It works great for our chinese cooking so far and we actually feel the dish tastes better with it!I like this set much better than my old non-stick cookware
Does exactly what it's supposed to:. I have this in my hot tub and it works great.  In the summer, I'll be permanently installing the probe into the plumbing; for now, it's just weighted down.Here in NY it gets cold and I have had the tub inadvertantly reset itself and go dead. It only takes the push of the reset button, but it has gotten shall we say cool.This unit, coupled with the new weatherstation that shines on the ceiling, it just perfect and it gets excellent range. One glance at the ceiling tells you the outdoor and the hot tub temp.  Love it!!
A great Hit. I ordered this chocolate fountain for my daughter's 16th Birthday party and it was an absolute hit!! I had it on for at least 4 hours and it did just fine. I prepared big bowls of strawberries, pineapple, pretzels and marshmallows and everything was gone by the end of the night - they had a lot of fun with it. I am already looking forward to use it at my next get together. Easy to assemble and to use. A little messy to clean but that would be with any chocolate fountain. The only thing I am not sure of is what to do with the left over chocolate....
to use Over and Over in your toaster oven - the cost per use. is next-to-nothing...i use these to reheat EveryThing in a toaster oven - and to broil a lot of things ---and friends find they use their microwaves A Lot Less for reheating
Perfect for shashimi. Kershaw-Shun makes the best knives I've ever owned, bar none. They come with a razor edge and are easy to re-hone with just a few strokes on the Kershaw-Shun steel (well worth purchasing to accompany this set). All their knives utilize the damascus pattern and perfectly crafted profile slice through darn near anything (food-like anyway) with ease. The scalloped detailing on this one creates air pockets which prevent food from adhering to the sides, creating even better cutting efficiency than their already high level. I can cut perfectly thin, beautiful slices from any fish time after time using this fine knife. The weight and balance are perfect. It is designed for right-handed chefs with a d-shaped handle so if you are a leftie it may not be as comfortable or easy to use
GREAT PRODUCT-BUT HARD TO FIND. Our water is just horrible.  Prior to purchasing this coffee maker and several of the little filters, I would just replace coffee makers every couple of months.  No amount of cleaning would help.  I loved this coffee maker, and have been really upset because I can't find the filters. Glad to find them here!!
Beck's Opinion. I recieved one of these cheese slicers for a wedding gift. I like it so much and use it all the time I ended up getting 2 to give as gifts because I am that confident that people will enjoy and use them. The wire on the cutter is different than other slicers and makes a fantastic tight pull cutting firm and thin slices every time. My children use it more than I do as they make their lunches. The slicer cleans up easy with a wipe off and I have had NO problems with mine after 5 years of daily use
Smellkiller Classic Air Cleanser (smallerversion). We bought this smaller version and the larger one. They both work the same, and are equally effective for use in the recommended room size.As long as we keep water in this item, it works beyond my wishes.  I keep one in a closet, and one in the bathroom.  There is no longer shoe smell, or the occasionally musty basement smell.  Would definitely buy again, and actually of thinking about an upgrade to another version.For the money, this is a GREAT purchase
WORTH THE MONEY!!. I read alot of great reviews about the White Mountain Freezer so i decided to purchase it . I was a little skeptical about it making ice cream in 20 minutes because it takes the cheap ice cream freezers FOREVER to make and it still doesn't turn out that great. I was totally amazed at having 6 quarts of ice cream to eat in JUST 20 MINUTES!!! WOW!! The ice cream freezer is  a little noisy when making the ice cream but worth it.. It definitely has the motor power. I wish i hadn't waited so long to purchase one .I think it is very important to read the directions for first time use.. I used the White Mountain ice cream recipe for 6 quarts and soaked the wood bucket and everything turned out great . The creamest ice cream ever. It was worth every penny of $141.00 that i paid for the freezer!! If you don't have one and you love ice cream this is a great freezer..
Love 'em. I had a lower quality Henckels set before and was happy to upgrade to these.  I like the weight and balance in my hands when using and the classic styling.  I did notice scratches on the handles out of the box, but nothing too bad
It works!. I have to admit I was skeptical after our Newfoundland was recovering from an ACL repair. We just assumed she would limp for the rest of her life. But after a few weeks with 2 tabs a day, she no longer limps.  It has truly made a remarkable difference. We tried switching to another brand (one we could get in bulk so it was cheaper) and her limp returned. No cutting costs here. It's worth every cent
Farberware 15 inch Covered Aluminum Roaster w/rack. This was a very nice surprise! It is a quality product, heavy, and cooks well. We used it on St. Patrick's Day to cook our corned beef and were pleased with the results
Works just like it said. I got this a couple of days ago because my chef's knife was starting to squash tomatoes rather than cut through them. Sharpening both the chef's and a vegetable knife, following the directions, I was pleasantly surprised when they each sliced through the paper towels I was using to dry them off. I finished the sharpening with a steel and am very happy with the results. I haven't done anything to the blades but use the steel after each use since I bought the knives, and am jazzed that this little guy brought my blades back to life.I know there was some negative reviews of the blades, but keeping the blades perpendicular, and not pushing down to hard, I got a good edge. I think if you push down too hard, you put the blade edge flat on the wheel, and grind off the edge, which would make the knife duller. Keep it perpendicular so it puts wheels faces against the blades faces and it will give you what you are looking for. But of course, a professional sharpening from someone who has been doing this type of thing for years would produce an amazing edge - probably for about the same cost as this little baby
excellent. this is a awesome ornament. it looks great and the fish swarm all over it, hiding or feeding in all it's nooks and crannies.this adds character to my fish tank and it's fun to watch the fish around it . i wouldn't recommend it for tanks under 20 gallons though... because of the siz
WONDERFULLY  CUDDLY. The sheet sets I recieved are wonderful they are very warm, which we need in our 20 degree weather. The fabric is soft and durable and have held up wash after wash. They still look and feel brand new. What a deal I recieved for the price and product
The second one works great. I ordered two of these .... one for a friend and one for myself. My first one just died after the first use. Amazon was wonderful about replacing the unit (Fast delivery, no problems with return!) and I've been a happy waffle-maker ever since. This is a great machine
Sweet!. Perfect for fresh/frozen vegetables like brussel sprouts etc., and also rice &  oats for our family of four
GREAT SERVICE, GREAT PRODUCT. VERY HAPPY WITH THE WAY AMAZON HANDLES ORDERS AND THE PROMPTNESS IN GETTING THE ITEM.  THIS PRODUCT WAS EXACTLY WHAT I WANTED AND IS WONDERFUL FOR 2 PEOPLE
fine piece of machinery. Worked slick as a whistle.  A couple of swipes on each wheel, and the job was done.And done well.  Definitely an excellent edge on the knives
pet stroller review. I am very happy with this product. It is easy to use and perfect for it's intended use
After 1 year Works great!. After reading some of the reviews here I had to post and say what a great product this is. I tried several other openers and found them lacking in quality and design. However this one has both! The only knock I would have is that the directions on mounting are somewhat unclear as one gentlemen found out when he went to mount it. You need to make sure that the handle has enough room to operate, you just cant slap it in under your cabinet, it needs to be near the front edge, as close as possible. They also provide spacers to level it off. It has been very sturdy, and without problems. One other thing I did notice is that placing the can in the opener was a little different from what I was used to, I beleive this is because the way the can openr is able to hold the can, (so you don't have to) as it opens the can, which I thought was cool because you can start the can and get your bowl or whatever and come back and there is your open can hanging there. I have not tried this with anything large though, mostly soup and veggie cans. Besides for the price, this is a deal
OK. Agree with pours to fast. you must take it easy when pouring or alot will come out. Disagree with hard to fill. They could not be easier to fill the top comes right off unlike others that must be filled from the bottom. Very stylish and I like having a top to put over them when they are in the cupboard. This insures that no moisture or dust can get into the salt and pepper. For the price its not a bad deal
Good overall. They work.  Simple and effective - people with arthritis may have trouble using them easily, however.Only real beef I have with them is that they aren't exactly attractive.  I wouldn't want a bottle of wine sitting out on display with one of these in it
Classic style with insulation!. The linen color looks great and the workmanship is good. Just throw these low cost window coverings on your favorite rod and you've got a good looking, energy saving, privacy providing solution. You've seen tab-top curtains like this everywhere - pottery barn, etc. But, did you know the others are nearly worthless in terms of keeping out drafts or blocking hot sun in the summer!  The 80"x84" will probably fit most standard windows and reach the floor, but too bad they don't make them in a greater variety of lengths and widths
Pots and Pans!. I bought this set for a fried as a requested wedding gift.  As he used to be a chef I think he knew what he wanted for his own blessed home.  Buy a set and start being hospitable and entertaining folk.  You never know you might just entertain some Angels! (Hebrews 13 verse 2; The Bible
So much fun to open a bottle of wine!. I ordered this wine opener after seeing a friend use a similar opener.  Thing was, hers was $100 but came in a fancy wooden box.  This one has less of the extra packaging but works just the same.  Fantastic value and very easy to use.  Never again have to worry about a split cork or a snapped screw
Practical and Useful Griddle. This griddle was an inexpensive purchase well worth the price for those wishing to cook on a portable griddle.  It has a convenient grease trap that works well.  It heats uniformly, and after cooking the griddle is easy to clean.
Attractive as well as functional. I used this pot for sauces as well as melting butter and it is perfect for both. The size allows me to keep the pot on the stove with other pots and pans. It keeps liquids warm without being on direct heat. It has weight and this keeps it balanced and spill proof. Lastly, it is bright and attractive, I've used it several times and it looks brand new after each washing
I Wish I'd Bought Feliway A Long Time Ago... To the Feliway product description information above, I would also add, "Aids in calming cats...who manage stressful chronic health conditions."My 4yr. old neutered male cat manages several chronic health conditions, which at times create seemingly unrelated behavioral issues, when flare ups occur that jangle his nerves.  When his IBD is not well controlled, my otherwise angelic cat becomes stressed out & does deadly things - chewing through power cords, consuming inedible objects, eating plants untouched for years, climbing to & jumping/falling from extremely high places aggravating his arthritis, & more.  When he's not feeling well, acting-out is his way of externalizing his bad nerves & telling me, "I don't feel well, help me".So I bought a Feliway Diffuser for him for his birthday a few weeks ago, & the change in my cat's behavior was noticeable within the first few hours after plugging it in.  Initially, I noticed a personality change - sort of a mellowing effect, reflecting a more leveled out & increased general sense of well-being.  I see less lethargy, & more interest in social interaction, his environment, & play.  It's a subtle overall field effect, but his happiness & joy somehow seem happier.  I've noticed I've had an easier time with giving him his regular medications & brushing his teeth.  It's a synthetic feline facial pheromone, but I call it "the airborne feline prozac"...  And without putting more chemicals into his system that don't belong in the body, & their problematic side effects.  My cat seems to appreciate the general change in the overall atmosphere of his home, & occasionally, he even sleeps underneath the diffuser.The benefits my cat experiences also pass on to me - because if he is less stressed & upset, & doing fewer life threatening things in reaction to his nerves - then I'm less stressed out as well.  I'd rather buy him Feliway, than spend money on veterinary visits & additional medication to deal with new problems he creates when he's stressed.  And there have been a lot of them.Feliway contains an odorless oil by human standards, & it does not upset my cat's severe asthma or allergies, nor my own more moderate conditions.  In fact, I am wondering that if he's less stressed out psychologically - & in turn physiologically - if there might even be less asthma & less digestive upset due to a reduction in the cycle of internalized stress.  And if it improves his overall quality of life, I'd much rather buy him peace instead of more doctors...I live in a small 1 person unit, & 1 diffuser does seem to cover the entire place.  I unplug ours when the window is open, & plug it back in when it's closed, while I sleep or am away, & any time I think he might benefit from it.  The plastic bottle can be unscrewed from the plug-in unit & recapped to preserve it until your next use.  This may help to extend the 6 week life span recommended in the packaging information, we'll find out.  I would also add that the diffuser gets warm, but not hot to the touch, & certaintly not hot enough to burn a hand or singe a whisker or fur.  I have handled the diffuser many times during use, & I have no fear of allowing my cat to be directly near it.The only negative aspect of this product so far as I can determine is how much you'll want to kick yourself for waiting to buy it for long as you did...  As a pet store employee recently told me, "It is one of the few behavior mod products for cats on the market that actually does work."  While there is no substitute for building & maintaining a solid, trusting relationship with your pet - or for seeking competent veterinary care - Feliway does seem like it could be a great adjunct to it.Feliway gets 2 Thumbs & Paws Up from kitty & me.  =^..^
Panasonic Canister Vacuum  Bagless. This Vacuum is really a great vacuum for tile floors and is bagless and light weight and easy to carry. I have a cleaning business and my customers really like them also
Review of  550 count sheets. I just love my new sheets, and I like getting then at such a low price
Open it all Center. I just love my new multi tasking opener. I have arthritis and it was difficult to open jars and this has been a life saver
These are not the WSJ glasses. I inadvertently ordered these to replace the glasses recommended by the Wall Street Journal.  These are not the glasses.  The recommended glasses are the Spiegelau Vino Grande Burgundy Wine Glasses. These are slightly smaller, with a less broad bottom.Still, I'm sure they're wonderful...just not what was in the Journal
Does what it says. This was exactly what I needed.  I like that it expands to fit any size cabinet
Beautiful whisk!. After spending several months comparing the WMF and the Rosle whisk, I went ahead and bought the Rosle.  Yes, it is much more expensive than the WMF.  The whisk works fine.  The Rosle is much more substantial, aesthetic pleasing, better workmanship and higher in quality although both are made of 18/10 stainless steel.  I love the Rosle's hanging ring, it is just GORGEOUS! Since I spend a lot of time cooking and entertaining friends, I'm willing to invest in great quality kitchen tools
Good workout. i have been using six second abs for a month. i can see my stomach getting flatter. so i wouldnt believe the commericals that say it took them a week to get a six pack but if you want a flatter stomach then this will help overtime
Nice mug. Nice mug.  However, if you have arthritis the lid is not the easiest to work with
Bodum Vacumm Coffee pot. Excellent Coffee!!!!  There are tricks to its use, but who hasn't found that with anything foreign.  There little extra effort is something you do for the labor of great tasting cup of coffee.
Almost the Greatest!. I have NEVER had a blender that could make a great smoothie.  Always chunks of frozen fruit, blocks of ice, but if I leave this easy to use off-on machine on long enough, it about gets it done.  It a beautiful color, easy to clean, no leaking (yet) and hopefully the blade rotor on the underside will hold up -- I've had this part go on 100% of blenders.  I'll know next year
No Problems. I have had no problems with this vaccuum.  I had a Fantom for 6 years that just burnt out.  I also had no problems with that except that emptying the dirt was much messier.  This vaccuum has no mess when emptying.  Great new system.  Chose because it was the only vacuum that has the hose in the handle just like my old Fantom did (the new Fantoms  don't).  This is such a "great" feature.  For convenience and it is out of the way!  Love the on board tools and extra long stretch hose which will stretch to the top of my drapes and to the ceiling.  Only improvements I would make are: "Low Reach Vacuum" is misleading as it is only an attachment which is available with all the other models?
Really good product. I got this at the local Sharper Image store.  After using my laptop for several weeks, I decided it would be a wise decision to seek out something to keep my lap from getting too hot from the laptop and even more importanatly to stabilize it on my lap.  It does an excellent job of doing both and was well worth the pricetag.  As a plus, it raised the laptop up a few more inches and increased the surface area that my wrists rest on which has made using my laptop even more enjoyable when sitting on the couch.  The removable mouse platform was a good idea but does not work amazingly wells with a full size mouse as it is a bit on the small sise and your mouse will definately go over the edge.  It may work better with a mini, notebook mouse.
Very Impressed. I recieved this as a Christmas present, and have been using it for an assortment of things. It works great--I've been making smoothies with it and reducing ice to snow. I've used a KitchenAid with 750 watts before, and it didn't work half as well.As for whether or not the plastic parts are made well--Many things will break if you drop it--Don't drop it!People have been complaining about a smell. I haven't noticed anything, but a burning smell is pretty standard in new motors--they really do just need a break in period. Use it for a while and it'll go away
It's my favorite pot in the kitchen!. This is by far the most used pot in my kitchen.  It is excellent quality and just the right size for all jobs.  Clean up is so easy.  Be sure to hand wash
Saved our new house!. We recently moved into our newly-built house. With a parade of contractors still coming in and out and the stress of moving, the youngest of our two cats began spraying in the room in which their litter box resides. We bought both the Feliway spray and the room plugin. We sprayed the litter box room and used the plugin out in the room he spends most of his time in.Now both boys had also begun to hiss at each other and not spend any time together. With the use of the spray and plugin, not only did Duncan stop spraying, but he and Yenta now play and sleep together again. Also, both boys are now very affectionate.Please note -- if you're buying the product to stop spraying, be sure to get ALL the smell out of the affected areas. We used Anti-Icky-Poo spray to clean and remove the urine.All of these products were god-sends and have saved our new home
Nice and Tall. Pretty nice and works well.  The attachemnts come off easily and folds down for storage
Great product in reasonable price. I'm a Riedel fan because I used to work for wines business so I had chance to test different glasses for free, and Riedel offer the best quality along with the price factor. I have Sommelier Bordeaux glasses (real great for collection wines but it's a pain to hand wash it by myself with great care next morning) but Vinum series are the best for daily use. I don't mind that litte logo at all so it's not a problem to me (as long as it's my favour brand names). But caution: Riedel suffering quality control problem and it's happened few years ago, I know it because I used to check the shipment piece by piece when it arrived at my shops. My first shipment was no exception, it's came with 3 defected glasses, 1 with critical defect (Borken edge) and 2 with major defects (Bubbles mark at the bodies) Hey, it's 50% and unacceptable from such a famous manufacturer! The logistics from Amazon save the problem, the second shipment arrived 2 days later (Amazing!) and all glasses are free from defects (Hurray!). You got to be serious in drinking to appreciate what Reidel's quality make your fine champagne shine. Don't buy this if you expect these glasses will make your cheap sparkling wines taste better (although it helps a little), it will definitely disappoint you. Remember these glasses are suppose to pair with fine champagne
Useful and tough.  Made a believer out of me!. I broke my old dust bin scooping snow off my car in a wet easter storm.  yes, snow!  It was a regular, nothing special dust bin.  I got this as a replacement, and then bought another one for my snow issues.  It lays flat and I've never had to fight with it to sweep the dust into the bin.  It just works the first time, every time.  It is strong, easy to hold, easy to store and yes... it shovels snow off car hoods like nobody's business
foil cutter that hasn't broken. This was my third foil cutter in one month.  The other two were flimsy but cost about the same.  They each broke in about two weeks.  I have had this one for five months and it isn't broken yet
Very nice addition. The Emile Henry Provencal butter dish is a very nice addition to our assembly of red accessories in our kitchen.I would hope that the original order of his Creamer and Sugar are equally as nice.They have been on order for a long time now, and were due to ship between 1-22 and 2-5 on order no. 105-7264094 8156428.Since it's 2-1 maybe you could expedite these to us.
Cat scratch reliever. These are great especially when circum-hugged with the orbital ball distraction. I have found, however, that a grass weave doormat provides equal distraction but is unfortunately 10X in cost
singer. I have always owned singer machines.  this one is a very good machine for the money
IMPORTANT: Get stainless version - Otherwise: Best pot I've ever owned!. I just got mine in the mail the other day. A little research and word-of-mouth told me it made great coffee, and guess what?  It does! The first pot we brewed (after running some plain water through it once) was the best pot of drip coffee I've ever made at home. We took the pot out as soon as it stopped brewing as suggested by the other reviwes. The coffee was just a little too hot to drink black immediately and stayed warm and fresh for 3 or 4 hours.  We were also able to pour from a full caraf without spilling anything. We tried the automatic timer, and it worked flawlessly.  The smell of coffee woke me up before the alarm.One important note: if you are concerned about some of the reviews where people said the caraf broke, don't worry.  If you get the "Stainless" version (select "Stainless" as the color) it comes with an all-stainless-unbreakable caraf that has no glass liner.  It's a few dollars more, but it's a very nice unit. We ordered it from Amazon thru "finejewelry_4u" and they included a free gold filter that helped offset the extra cost.A couple of minor notes: The threaded cap to the caraf takes a bit of getting used to if you have unsteady hands.  The unit is also taller than your average coffee pot (or at least our previous pot), so we have to pull it out from under our cabinet to pour the water in.  Otherwise, no complaints here, thus far.
Great shelf - SIMPLE to put together - under 15 minutes. My husband and I purchased this shelf as a place to put my rather large collection of cookbooks.  We received the shelf within days of placing our order.  Upon opening, it took me maybe 10-15 minutes to take it from completely packaged to set up.  We liked it so much after a month, we purchased a second one.  We had the same positive experience with the second one.  The shelf is attractive as well as sturdy and affordable !
Fish lovers response. Tried it almost emmediately after receiving it (had out-of-town guest) frying fish.  Did such a great job, our guest bought one also.  We all agreed it was best fish ever.  Also ordered large jumbo basket and like it also.  We've used it several times and have found nothing to complain about
Nova Brown Spoon Rest. This spoon rest is a great compliment to the rest of the Nova Brown dishes.  It is a very different style - the picture doesn't do it justice - true hand made pottery
Immediate results!. My grandma's 10 year old Yorkie just would never shut up.  He barked at our cat, at our parrot, and anything that moved really.  We bought this collar, and it worked perfectly and immediately.  One bark and it sprayed, and he would go running off...and stop barking!  I felt kinda bad for him, but his reaction was hilarious.  I couldn't stop laughing at him, poor thing.  However, he did learn that if the collar wasn't on, he wasn't going to get sprayed, so he would bark
Wonderful, beautiful, and durable cookware!. This set is really nice.  It warms up super fast and retains heat longer due to the cast iron.  It looks wonderful hanging in my kitchen too!! The pots have been used heavily and still no chips.  Cleans up super easy with soap and water (I have never tried the dishwasher). It is a heavy set, but the bestest of quality
Surprisingly, it is as advertised. Joe-South CarolinaI purchased this unit for our house to make juices,smoothies etc. for the family.Being an engineer, I am immediately skeptical of EVERY product on an infomercial but decided to order this one ONLY because of the sentence in the comercial where Jack states that "if it is made by man- don't eat it".With that said, I was expecting something "cheap" and junk and was pleasantly surprised.So far, mine has had almost daily marathon usage and been washed, steam cleaned and put thru the dishwasher in excess of 100 times now.The unit is very well made, and really does make a lot of juice.There ARE some "things" the prospective purchaser does need to know.This unit has several safety interlocks on it- you MUST assemble it correctly and aligned or it will NOT power up or the cutter will bind.you need to clean the cutter with a toothbrush because water does not always get all the pulp from the small holes( if they clog, it will simply pulverize the object and not juice it)Do NOT put over-ripe fruit or banannas in it( see above-it is in the manual- but I didnt read it until after I did it)Lastly, you MUST start the unit and let it come to speed before inserting any fruit- this normal because any high RPM low voltage motor sacrifices torque for RPM'
Great purchase!. This product not only makes a great cup of coffee it looks great too!I bought it for a gift but, now I think I will buy one for myself
Zelco Rubberneck Clip Light. Very nice and handy product, I whish the light was little bit more and brighter
Perfect all-around serving dish!. This dish is my favorite serving piece in my fiestaware! I already have it in seafoam. It is the perfect size, for Thanksgiving-size side dishes, everyday main courses, chips, rolls, or even desserts. I especially like the shape, it fits into tight spaces on the table. And, the price is right, compare and you'll see it's the best bargain in fiestaware! I bought this for my daughter who just moved out of the house, started her off with a small collection of Rose, her favorite color
Nice Quality, Good Value. I've been cooking with this set for a couple of months now, so I can't speak to the long-term durability, but I have been impressed with the easy clean-up and ease of use.  It is heavier than I enticipated, which makes it a little less user friendly for me, but may be an indication of higher quality.  I bought this set to replace a "Duncan Hines" stainless steel set that I had owned since 1970!  That one stood the test of time in my book, but handles had deteriorated and were not such that could be repaired or replaced easily.  They held up well, cooked well and clean-up was not too bad, but this new set definitely beats the old for non-stick and clean-up
I love this little moka pot. I think this is the neatest little thing.  It was smaller than I had expected, but this was my first moka pot, and so I was not sure what to expect.  I usually use it twice a day.  I have a Mr. Coffee cappuccino machine that I really like, but my husband  and I seem to prefer the cappuccinos made with this.  It makes about 4-6 ounces of very strong italian coffee that is a perfect base for our cappuccinos or lattes.  I don't get any of that crema people talk about, but then this is not a $500 machine either.  I think it is perfect for the price.  For our cappuccinos, I use 2 oz. of the espresso, 4 oz. of steamed milk from the microwave, and 1 T. sugar.  I also add whipped topping and froth made from my Bonjour frother.  I think they are comparable to the cappuccinos you get at coffee houses and much cheaper.  It is also easy to clean.  I just rinse with hot water and wipe out any residue with a paper towel.  I would recommend this
Not so bad!. My carafe just broke too -- but it took me 3 years to do it.  I banged it against my porcelain sink all the time without incident, but this time was just too much apparently.  I do not find it that hard to clean this carafe nor to replace the lid.  What I DO have a problem with is the fact that the replacement isn't being stocked at the store where I bought the maker because --- they are onto different models now of course!  However I can find the filters locally, which is good.  Hopefully Krups got a hint from some of the older reviews -- looks like most of the bad ones were early on in this model's life
Very acccurate. Wasn't sure what to expect for the price, but it works great! I individually portion out my snacks now, and it works perfect for that
Just lovely... The flowers not only arrived in good time, they were also so lovely.  My friend, who loves roses, was very impressed.  Definitely a great purchase
Great idea!. My cat Bella normally gobbles her food down in seconds and is very lazy, sleeping all the time and ignoring her toys. She has been like this since I adopted her at a local shelter. I have had a terrible time getting her to be more active. This toy actually works though as she is very food motivated. I put some of her dinner (dry food) in the box and it took her 30 minutes to finish. Best of all it made her hop around to get her food out.
Get what you pay for. This is exactly what you would expect for $6.95 . . The lamp shade part is plastic so don't expect glass . . works just fine, actually quite nicely with a three-way bulb. I would give this deal a B+.  Some assembly required
Great Filter!. This filter works very well if you like strong coffee. A thin film of oil from the beans will end up in your coffee, and it lets through more richness than a paper filter. It also lasts a long time, and you won't have to purchase paper filters, which probably helps the environment over the long-run. Ours seem to last quite a while (a year or more?) and you can also put it in the dishwasher, which is a good idea to remove some of the residue. (Oily residue build-up in both the filter and coffee maker will cause your coffee to be bitter.) All in all, we are very happy with these filters and will continue purchasing them again and again
bath pillow. Using this in the tub is heaven, but drying it out is next to impossible! The  hooks and attachments should be on the other end in my opinion. The shape is perfect
Wonderful Patio Set. Bought this set about 1 month ago.  It was shipped amazingly quickly.  Spent about 3 -4 hours total putting it together.  If you have any experience with DIY/or knock-down furniture, it's not hard.  Make sure to line everything up and have a friend help...it's definitely a two-person job for the big pieces.  You might have to get an addition grip for a couple of the pieces, but it's really easy.  The set looks great and is very comfortable.  I don't know how it will weather over the summer as far as keeping colors, etc., but in comparison to the prices on other sets, it's a great buy.Sheila/Santa Rosa, Californi
gotta love it!. My 30 year old GE blender/food processor combo broke a blade on the blender part and I could not get the part so I had to toss the blender container, leaving it as a stand-alone food processor.After debating on buying another countertop appliance, which probably would not be as durable as something made 30 years ago, I decided to give this blender a try. I've always liked KitchenAid products, and this one is no acception.I was surprised at the power of this blender! The best part for me is it's easy to clean and takes up so little kitchen real estate. Making soups and hummus was a breeze. Whisking up egg whites was so much less painful than dragging out the mixmaster...just give yourself a big enough bowl or they will be all over the kitchen. The small food processing container is just the right size for 1 or 2 people. The variable speed lets me control how coarse my chopping is too. I did find that turning the entire apparatus upside down and sideways or shaking it helped in chopping everything uniformly...but it only took a couple of seconds.I would have given this blender a solid 5 stars, but making smoothies with ice was not perfect, although once I got the technique down (moving the blender up and down and and around a lot to "attack" the ice) it was ok. It took more than a few seconds. If you drink a lot of ice blended drinks or smoothies, this job is done more efficiently on a good conventional blender. If you only will use it occasionally for this purpose, the KitchenAid will do fine. Maybe KitchenAid could come up with a special blade or container/blade combo for ice blending, I'm sure a lot of people would buy it, I know I would.All in all, I don't regret my purchase at all. It's a versatile and compact appliance that will be with me for years to come
Blue Ridge Comforter Feedback. This was a HUGE deal on a king size down comforter. I have always wanted one but didn't want to spend so much for fear I wouldn't like them.  However, this one is of great quality and we LOVE it!!  Great service, great price, great product. Thanks
HC-14 FILTERS. Fits like a glove and works like a champ. No chasing availability from store to storeThank You Amazo
Good filter (they have been tested!). The 10-stage filter was easy to install -- I purchased with the under the counter adapter -- and seems to work well (only had for 1 month). Addressing other comments: 1) The lid was not tight enough when I purchased and I had to tighten by hand. All filter manufacturers have this problem and you should always tighten the lid/filter assembly before installation. 2) They are tested/certified and they will send you an email copy of their testing with Truesdale Labs (unfortunately they do not use NSF International so you don't get the nice sticker on the package saying they are "certified"). However they have exceeded NSF standards according to the report: they test new filters and filters after 1525 gallons of tap water. They test for NSF standard 53 (health -- cyst removal), lead, chloroform, and lindane. They did not respond to my online question and were not available the first two times I called, but I did finally get through and was emailed the lab test reports.  3) As with any plastic plumbing fitting... use lots of teflon tape if you don't want leaks.  4) Almost all other filters require filter replacements every 6 months and chlorine removal is the first thing to go bad... but this is mostly a taste concern and not a health concern. If you get 4 months on the filter that's about what you would have gotten with e.g. Culligan too if you are really senstive to taste. Good product and great price!
Beautiful and Easy to assemble. These are nice storage bins and great for little girls. I got both my daughters one and it holds a lot of stuff. The only reason I gave it a 4 instead of higher is because they are not sturdy. It is fine for my older daughter but my toddler could pull it over on herself. Overall I am happy with the bins and it was easy to put together
5 ***** +  EXCELLENT, easy to clean, QUALITY pan. This is THE pan!  Fry an egg!  Superb.  I've been using mine for quite awhile, so I can honestly say I love it!  The honeymoon period is over and it's still going strong.  Cleans up lickety split.  (HINT:  Use a kitchen brush to sweep out the pan after soaking in water a few minutes.)  Don't let the price keep you from these wonderful, quality pans.  I love it and I'd buy a whole set if I could.  (I've been cooking for over 30 years.)   5 STARS + is my rating
Almost perfect!. I like this poacher alot.  I have three hungry men in the house so I went with the 6 egg poacher instead of the 4 egg option.  The pan is good quality 18/10 stainless steel... It has not bent or warped since I've owned it (about 1 yr)which alot of cheap pans do.  It has a nice glass lid that's also heavy duty...which enables you to watch your eggs cooking.  The handles on both the lid and pan itself are sturdy and easy to grip.  The cups that hold the eggs are good quality...non stick...with no sign of peeling or scratching.  My one and only beef with this poacher is the method used to attach the small handles to each egg cup is not the best.  One had to be replaced after the first use.  My husband changed the screw on it ..and now it's the way it should have been.  In all fairness...I haven't had to change screws on any of the other 5 cups yet...but if they come loose...we'll know what to do.So ...because that one issue I give this product 4 instead of 5 stars...but I still highly recommend it...and wouldn't hesitate to buy it again...or as a gift for someone else
great set!!!. I bought a set like this one 25 years ago and still in good condition, recently I bought two more sets for my two youngest daughters
Great, easy to use French Press. I use this press almost every day at work.  It certainly is not three cup by American standards, but this three cup is perfect for my thermo mug I put my coffee in after it has steeped.  I had read some reviews that there were some issues, but I haven't seen any of them.  The measuring cup that comes with it is perfect for the right strength I like, I heat the water for about 2 mins 15 seconds, let it steep for 4 or 5 minutes, and then put it back in the cup.  No grounds and lots of flavor.  At first, I didn't think I liked it but that was because it was very different from what I'm used to.  I like it a lot now; much more flavor.  One caveat for those that like boiling hot coffee, you'll need to put it back in the microwave (in your original cup of course).  I don't have to because I can't drink it really hot.  It is just right for me.  I'm very glad I got this.  It's better than the instant I was drinking and certainly better than the vending machine.  Also, much less than the premium convenience coffee.
Great for tea drinkers. Just bought this pot.  It is amazing.  I'm going to use it at work where I have to go down stairs all the time to boil water.  I can fill this on Monday and it should give me on-demand hot water for three to four days right in my office.  It makes it easier to drink more tea.This hot pot is pure Japanese.  Everything has been cleverly thought out.  It is well contructed and it works great.  The panorama water level indicator is very cool.  Don't worry about the non-stick coating, it's safe.  There's a slight learning curve to using the pot, but it becomes intuitive very quickly.  This pot is meant to be left on continuously, but you can shut it down for seven hours with the timer feature.This is a great item with Japanese quality and inovation throughout.  I highly recommend it
Job well done. My husband and I drink friut smoothies almost daily, so I was looking for a blender that can withstand daily use.  We've been through 2 previous blenders and the magic bullet, but the Waring Professional Blender is great.It gets the job done. It crushes the ice cubes and blends well in only a few seconds. I love having only 2 speeds, who needs to liquefy or puree anyway? I also like having the stainless steel container, no glass to break. So far I'm pleased with my purchase
Problem with the reconditioned. I bought one of these from Williams-Sonoma and love it.  So when I bought a second house and saw it practically half-price here, I bought the reconditioned one.  It brewed just fine for about a week, then it stopped.  Amazon is replacing it.  I hope it doesn't have the same problem because when it works, it makes great coffee
Super quiet!. I have all hard floors and lots of pet hair.  This machine does the job...and it's quiet too!  It is light, manuvers easily.  Wish it had a longer cord but that is it's only short-coming. Love it
By far the best splatter screen I've seen. This thing is exactly what I was looking for.  Sturdy and durable (doesnt bend) with an ultra fine mesh screen.  I think this is the 13 inch size (use for 12 inch skillets).  It may seem that it is easy to find a splatter screen, but most of the ones out there are crap so people end up breaking them or not using them.  I was looking for a good one for months, and this is the best out of the dozen or so that I looked at (including the ridiculous $50 All Clad model).  Although not absolutely necessary for me, I like the added feet so that you can set this down without making a mess.
Big Ol' Platter. I love this platter. We always have a crowd over and I love its versatility. It is huge and is great on a Thanksgiving table.I have the persimmon, it is a great orange-y color. Goes with a ton of color schemes from spring to fall! Storage is a pain but it's worth! It serves everything from ribs on the grill to a kids birthday party with cupcakes overflowing! Buy one, you'll use the heck out of it
Old Country Roses Vase...very pretty. I love my little vase. This is an etched glass vase that appears to be clear glass at first sight, but as you look at it you  can see that it has a light pearlescent coloring to it, which makes it very pretty. It is 5-1/2" tall and measures 2-1/2" across the base and 3" across the top. It is very nice for a small arrangement of flowers
Excellent!!. very good rice cooker. The steam function is very useful for such a lazy student like me. I can cook the rice and steam my food at the same time.I used it for almost a month but still working functionally.Highly recommended if you dun wanna pay too much for a useful rice cooker
works great for leathers, backpacking and not just on nesco. I have a ronco dehydrator and at first didn't think these fit.  However, after pushing on them a bit, they fit great and work like a charm!  I've made excellent apple leather out of applesauce and have dried spaghetti sauce to use for dinner on an overnight backpacking trip
Like cra##. Im all done with dunkin donuts, Panera Bread, Starbucks, etc, etc.....  This thing makes the BEST coffee on the planet, I am soooo addicted.  I never leave the house.. what an evil evil machine.  The other side of that is you will need pry this unit from my cold dead hand
Nice knife... easy to handle and great in my kitchen.  If I could only have one knife it would be a Santoku.  This knife is what I would refer to as middle of the road in weight and quality, but still nice. I've used it for over a year and am looking to get it resharpened.  I will be upgrading to a better one soon and leave this one for onions only.  Onions really dull a knife quickly
MULTIPLE USE BOWL. THIS 2 QT BOWL HAS MANY USES . I USE IT FOR MIXING , SERVING AND BAKING.  IT IS WONDERFUL FOR MACARONI AND CHEESE , ALSO HAVE DONE  COBBLERS .   I HAVE 6 DIFFERENT COLORS . ONCE YOU GET ONE YOU WILL HAVE TO  GET ANOTHER AND ANOTHER
Great Spatula; Huge Glitch. I read about these on Kevin Kelly's Cool Tools Site (kevinkelly.com) and I bought two for work. I work as a cook at a resort, and like them very much, but I had one break within a week. Moving a cream cheese mixture in a processor bowl, the spatula had been pushed down into the bowl, bending it's blade at a 90 degree angle. It broke at the top of the metal bar contained inside the handle.I emailed Chef'n explaining what happened, and they quickly argeed to replace it. So if you do break one, don't throw it away. If you buy one, you may want to shy away from ultra-thick mixtures, and bending it at severe angles. It's still a Five Star piece of equipment for gravies, sauces, omelets and the like, but not for everything.
Perfect Peeler. I love cooking, but really hate the inevitable chores, such as peeling. This peeler, however, made peeling almost fun. It makes peeling so incredbly easy that I do not mind peeling at all! I enjoy reaching for it everytime. It's absolutely perfect. I know it's very expensive, but it's very durable and worth every penny
Easy to make delicious iced tea!. The pitcher is good quality and the instructions are very easy to follow. You really couldn't fail if you tried! I'd highly recommend it
Great pizza cutter!. Cuisinart makes great products and that's why I decided to buy this one. It's sharp and the plastic cover is really nice, as well
Exceptional Product and Customer Service. Luigi Bormioli has proven to me that they possess the exceptional quality of service that I would like to be able to expect from all vendors.  When my product arrived broken from shipment, amazone.com would not replace it due to the fact that it was past their deadline.  I contacted the Luigi Bormioli company and they were heappy to replace the broken glasses.  When they arrived, however, they were the wrong glasses.  I returned them to the company, along with the broken glasses I had received to be sure they sent the correct glasses.  Again they happily sent new glasses and even included a few extra in case any broke in shipment again.  I would highly recommend these glasses and this company
Swiss Diamond Cookware. I really love these pans.  I bought mine about a couple months ago and have used them every day since I received them.  They still look brand new.  Believe me, I have owned several different kinds of non-stick cookware and none of them compare to these pans.  These are very durable and from what I have seen so far, they look like they will be in good shape for a long time to come.  I highly recommend these pans if you are looking for something that will last........
Nice lamps. Shades are a little dark, but otherwise, very nice quality lamps delivered quickly
I don't buy any other brand of spatula. I have several Oxo spatulas - they don't warp, bend, peel, discolor or melt - even if used to stir things in a hot pan.  So far, none of them have broken, and I have had several of them for a few years.  Great quality
Just what I was looking for. I internet shopped for a week, reading consumer reports and customer reviews of just about every blender made. I decided on this one based on my research and I am glad I did. I make my husband fruit and juice smoothies almost every day after work and with this machine it is a fast, easy job. Ice and frozen fruit are blended into the drink very quickly.It is a little loud but it is worth the noise to have 500 watts of power. I also like the fact the base is heavy cast metal, the pitcher is thick, solid glass with a tight fitting lid and the blade is stainless. I like the easy to use control knob and the fact it has 2, yes just 2 speeds. I find most machines with 12 to 20 little buttons are fairly useless and all those speeds rarely used, they also take up more counter space because the bases have to be bigger for all the buttons.The fact that the Hamilton Beach comes in 6 colors is just icing on the cake and the Moroccan Red is gorgeous.
Easy, Sturdy and Beautiful!. I've put together two of these, I use them as night stands. They are easy to put together. The come with instrucions and extra screws. I suggest using a POWER DRILL though to screw them together because the pre-drilled holes for the drawer are a snug fit. Unlike some other reviewers that said they "hammered" theirs together and were wobbely, mine is VERY STURDY. About 30 minutes total
Pet Gear Happy Trails Stroller. I absolutely love this stroller. We have carriers, body slings, the wheelies(roll luggage type from Target), and strollers. Our 3 Yorkies are our children, and we like to make sure they are with us, and comfortable, and happy. Although the other things do work, they can become inconvenient, but the stroller is fantastic. We have the blue, and the larger pink. Our babies go everywhere with us, including restaurants with outdoor seating. If you are reading this to help decide if you should purchase it, I definitely suggest YES. I have not come across any problems what so ever, except one of my babies is a chewer, and she chewed through the mesh around the zipper, but I just sewed it up with a very thick black thread, and keep my eyes on her. My babies love these too, and if we even go near the strollers, they all come running, and try to jump in them. If I put them by the sofas, they will just get inside them, and lay down. This is a GREAT stroller.
Magnificent aroma. This is a very beautiful flower which has wonderful aroma. I am very satisfied with this purchase and highly recommend it to all people who value charming plants. It would make a great gift as well
Multi-function pan. I got this because I saw Rachel use it on her food network show.  I watched her show occasionally and I like her and some of her ideas although I am not a devoted follower.I use this pan to make meat sauce for spaghetti, to brown chicken, for my mom's shrimp Creole, to stir fry, to saut vegetables, fry chicken wings, pan fry cornbread and to make two grilled cheese sandwiches when both my boys are hungry and can't wait.This pan does it all.  The center stays hotter so you can cook food in the center and move it to the ends to keep it warm.  The shape also makes it easier to handle.  I cook on a gas cook top with 5 burners and the oval shape is easier to maneuver when using all the burners and having handles of both sides makes moving the pan easy even when it is full.It also cleans up easily as you would expect of a non-stick pan; there are two rivets inside the pan where the handle attaches.  The rivets are not non-stick if you know that food will touch the rivets I suggest spraying the rivets with oil before cooking this will make clean up easier.This is a great heavy duty pot and the glass top is nice so you can see how the food is cooking without taking the top off and altering the cooking temperature.  I also like the look of these Rachel Ray pots, her other line has handles the color of safety orange that remind you of construction cones I am not sure why anyone would think that looks attractive in a kitchen.  I also purchased the 8-quart Oval Pasta pot and the lids are inter-changeable, which is great if you are cooking something that requires a taller lid.The price on this pot went up and down; as high as $99.00 and as low as $65.00.  A friend who is a longtime Amazon shopper suggested putting it in my cart and waiting until it hit a good price to purchase it I did, I got it at a good price and I am happy.Quality pan, easy to clean and looks nice (no safety cone orange) this is a great choice
When 6 is just right. I really like the six quart stock pot. The size is just right for making soup for 1 or 2 people or cooking spagetti. I also found that the stainless steel construction is durable and the extra aluminum plate on the bottom distributes the heat well. It is a very good item
Excellent Quality. I received them yesterday and they are wonderful.  Very thick and good quality.  These are a winner
A Chinese-Styled Wok with French Characteristics. Le Creuset made a decent effort in making a cast iron Chinese-styled wok.  It looks like a Chinese wok, and it is made of iron, but essentially it is not Chinese.The wok is much thicker than a Chinese iron wok, and therefore takes much longer time to warm up. Some American users praised the wok by saying it does not need much fire, yet the essence of Chinese stir-frying is cooking through large fire: one heats a thin Chinese carbon iron wok with large fire, puts in vegetable or animal oil, and then does the entire stir frying in less than a few minutes.Still, I liked the wok after purchasing it. The Chinese food here in the US usually is not really Chinese food in essence, but people like it. Why should I be so critial to a French cast iron wok which looks like a Chinese wok?
Excellent value. This is a great pan & easy to wash.  You can practically wipe it clean with a dry paper towel.  It is extremely durable.  I have about twenty-five pieces of All-Clad LTD in my collection.  This is my first piece of non-stick to add to my collection.  My husband is a chef-instructor and he LOVES these pans. I would take All-Clad's advice and only preheat pan to medium heat.  It is a quality piece and distributes heat fast and thoroughly. The pan only cost 49.99 with free shipping thru Amazon.  What a DEAL.  Other's had it priced between $50 - $120 plus shipping.  Also shipping only took about five days when they said it would take 10 - 14 days.
Better oven than toaster. Big and stylish with neat digital controls, it heats up well and cooks food evenly but is painfully SLOW. If you want toast in a hurry look elsewhere. Still, for $59 at Costco it's a bargain
Simplicity at it's finiest. This is my first Electric Griddle ever purchased.  I cannot believe just how nicely everything works!  I've cooked BBQ chicken, crepes, pancakes, steaks, burgers, hotdogs and grilled cheese!  It's very large, so that I can cook for everyone at the same time!I did read some of the other reviews and people stated that it was hard to clean the grease trough.  This has not been the case for me.  Perhaps it is harder to clean once grease is completely cooled, and hard.  Besides, the only time it runs to the grease trough is when you're cooking really fatty foods like hamburgers or steaks.The cool touch sides work great, I have a 3 year old that likes to help out mommy, so I don't have to worry so much when I am busy cooking dinner, if she reaches up and I don't see her and she touches the sides, it won't burn her.The heating element works great, the food cooks evenly.  Pancakes & crepes come out looking like culinary art.I love this versitile piece of cooking wear, it's simple to use, easy to store, sturdy, easy to clean, and a very reasonable price!
First order. This was my first experience dealing on line with Amazon, I was very pleased with the fast service I got with my small order. I know that when the next time comes I will have no second thoughts in placing a order
Nova Brown Spoon Rest. This spoon rest is a great compliment to the rest of the Nova Brown dishes.  It is a very different style - the picture doesn't do it justice - true hand made pottery
Very effective and a must have in any house. BACKGROUND: I had a 5 stage water filtration system in my previous apartment which could put any bottled water to shame :) Unfortunately I had to move to a different country and decided not to lug it around. I didn't expect this product to come close to it but I was pleasantly surprised.PROS: Effective in the sense that it took away the metalic taste in the water and my humidifier is not clogging up as frequently.CONS: NoneNOTE:1. It doesn't have a water softner - which is expected considering the size of the product.2. The filters can handle 40 gallons of purification on the average - this works out to a month or less of filtration which is OK considering the fact that we do all our cooking and refill the humidifier with this.3. Depending upon how fast you consume water it can become tiresome to keep refilling the container. Each cycle would take approximately 15-20 minutes depending upon how long the filter has been in use
Cup is exquisite and perfectly balanced in saucer. I have this cup and am very satisfied with it.  The design is elegant and lovely to say the least.  I enjoy it very much.
Sweet!. This piece is beautiful!  The picture doesn't do it justice.  It is a very nice size, especially if you don't like a huge strainer.  This also doubles as a fruit caddy for countertop or table.  The first thing my daughter did when we got this was to put it on her head as a hat, she thought it so pretty.  Nice price, nice piece, and a wonderful addition to your Abundance collection.  Love it
Quick and easy for an affordable price. I just bought this for my cat and it definitely keeps the mess and odor to a minimum. It cuts the cleaning time in half from 8-10 minutes of dumping the litter or sifting through it with a scoop, and spraying the box down- down to only 2 minutes. It's just overall so much better than any of the other litter boxes/litter maid products I've seen. And the price is reasonable.I wish I had this for my previous cats I've owned
Elite Japanese Steel. After doing much research on top quality cutlery, I decided to go with this Bunmei 195mm Deba. This knife is by far the coolest knife I have used. One word of caution: knives produced by Yoshikin, such as this one, are EXTREMELY SHARP! I am not a professional chef, but I do often enjoy preparing sushi, and this knife is the perfect tool to do so. I am a big guy and have large hands, so it is very hard to find a comfortable knife. This knife is perfectly suited for large hands without having to worry about it slipping. Also, I wanted something that I could use to rapidly chop veggies without my knuckles hitting the counter, this provides enough clearance between the handle and the blade to accommodate me (which is why I chose this model over the yanagi sashimi). The blade is magnificent, you have never seen such a finely engineered piece of japanese steel. It is very unique to use a knife that is sharpened on only one side, unlike western knifes that are sharpened on both sides. This gives one the opportunity to slice meat, fish and veggies very thin and precisely. A cool bit of trivia about these knives, is that they are the same knives that the character Hattori Hanzo used to make sushi for the bride in the movie Kill Bill Vol. 1. ;
Whimsy, Fun and Lots of Color. I have collected all of Le Creuset's fruit and vegetable shaped cast iron enameled casseroles. They are beautiful to display on a table or on a kitchen counter and very practical in cooking great casseroles. The color that they can add to a kitchen brightens every vist there. The exterior and interior enamel coating is very durable and easy to clean. I have cooked a multitude of dishes in these casseroles and have found them to be excellent in heat conduction and preventing "hot spots".The comments of guests served from these casseroles is always positive and never fails to bring a smile to my face.There is a drawback to these whimsical cookers and that is the rim of both the top and bottom of the casseroles. There is no enamel on these rims and they can rust if not dried immediately after hand washing. They are dishwasher safe but I do recommend that you hand wash and dry immediately. I also recommend that you let them sit out for an hour or so to air dry before storing them.When wet this casserole can be very slippery and the handles on the bottom and top help in preventing dropping them.Finally, closely inspect your casserole when it arrives. My first garlic casserole had a two inch crack in the enamel. Amazon.com immediately sent a replacement to me and had the defective item picked up at my home at no charge. I commend them for standing behind the products they sell
Love My Krups!. We love the Krups machine becuase it makes both types of coffee. It's extremely easy to use, I've had no issues with it. Only real complaint is the cost to replace the espresso carafe. I also wish the coffee door where the coffee filter goes was removable for easy cleaning. Other than that we love ours! Buying one for my daughter
great stemware. I've been using this glass for years now ... I agree it's one of the best all around for enjoying a myriad of wine types ..
Not bad for a little scale. Well I used it in my restaurant and yes it was okay not the best of the best but for 11 bucks it was good enough to measure basic not exact amounts so if you need something for appoximate amounts I say go for it.  not bad for the price I recommend it but also will say it will not take to much abuse its made of plastic.
the best gadget ever!. I bought one of these to keep at our bar and filled it with peanuts and it has been a huge hit! Our daughter has just been assigned the chore of feeding the cat twice a day so we are getting another for the cat food because she can measure out food easily and she thinks it's fun. I keep thinking of more and more uses for this so I might have to get the double version next instead of the single. Try it, you'll like it!
Best timer. I find this timer very easy to use. I'm not a rocket scientist.I have never been disappointed with Kitchen Aid. I don't understand why it has gotten bad reviews. I think some people should stick with a sun dial
You get what you pay for. Yes it is expensive and very similar to the standard wood racks but it is very sturdy and it doesn't blacken with mold/mildew
Still enjoying this machine after one year. We got this machine around this time last year and for the most part we've been pretty happy with it.  It has its good points and its bad points like just anything I've read about out there.  Overall it makes good enough not great espresso, looks great on the counter and makes my wife and myself happy that we own it.The good:It's a beautiful looking machine that goes very nicely with our kitchen decor and our stainless appliances.  It cleans very easy I usually just wipe it down and it still looks new.  It's extremely easy to use once you find the right grind and tamping pressure.  It makes good tasting espresso which to be honest we've discovered has more to do with the beans than the machine.  It took patience, experimenting with the grind and tamp and several different bags of beans to find the right balance.  Once we did it sometimes comes out better than what I've had out at the well-known megachain.  One of my favorite features is the huge water reservoir that loads from the front.  If I had to pour water in the back (which you can do also) I'd have to lug this thing out from underneath the cabinets and that would be a real pain.The bad:The puck remaining after brewing is soupy and drippy not nice and dry.  So, if you have any distance to the trash can you could end up with a trail of coffee drippings behind you.  Then you've really got to bang it on the side to get the gunk out or use a spoon.  The frother does a so-so job with making bubbles.  You won't get the fine bubbles and fluffy foam that you would get from cappuccino out but you get steamed milk and you do get foam.  You just have to experiment with the technique.  I've also found, and this could very well just be my technique but worth mentioning, that the espresso is inconsistent.  Most of the time it's good but every once in a while it's not.  It does seem like it draws the shot much too quickly but I haven't found a way to get it to come out slower.  When I've tried a finer grind or harder tamp it just doesn't come out at all.The ugly:It just doesn't work with pods.  I bought some Illy pods and the machine just doesn't have enough pressure to push through the puck.  I thought it would be nice to try something time-saving for when I am in a rush maybe even take some espresso on the way out the door to work.  Very dissapointing.  Likely the grind is too fine for the machine.  In my experimenting with grind I have found you have to grind it a bit more course than expected.The bottom-line:As happy as we've been I probably would not get this machine again if something happened to it.  My next machine will probably be a Rancilio Silvia or Gaggia Classic because I want the boiler, I want the Italian build, I want the dry puck and I want the better frother.  To me it's worth the extra $50-100 upgrade.  Hopefully though nothing will happen and it will keep on chugging along making good but not great espresso.  We enjoy it and that's what counts in the end.  When I get the craving I can satisfy it and it's a fun toy to play with.Rating:Three-and-half stars (rounded up to 4 because 3.5 is not a choice).  It loses one star for all the bad points and .5 for the one ugly point.
Best bang for you buck. I purchased this as a Christmas gift because (a) I'm a techie geek, and (b) I wanted to do something "thoughtful" for my girlfriend... Well after my initial discouraging search of digital frames on the web, I came across this beaut... It has EVERYTHING a techie-and a non techie girlfriend- will need.... Digital camera card reader, USB thumb drive reader, and USB computer cable! It's the ONLY digital frame that has all of them for this price.  Moving the pictures to the on-board memory is as simple as clicking one button: "Copy this picture"The quality is superb, and I am EXTREMELY happy with this frame.. and I think you will too :
I'm in love with this washing machine!!!!. I've had other portable washers in the past with larger capacities and was skeptical about buying this one. On the plus side, the smaller size does fit well in my kitchen and leave me plenty of work room. On the negative size, there isn't one. I read many of the reviews here before deciding on buying this model. So many people were very happy with it, the price was right, and it beats hand-washing in the sink. Now, I see why so many others were happy. It washes very well, has a nice selection of wash cycles to choose from, and the spin cycle looks like something out of NASA's astronaut training camp! I've never seen anything go so fast, and yet the machine is very quiet. It was very simple to install and begin using quickly upon arrival. No more laundromat either, and I never thought I'd have so much fun doing laundry
Good and Useful. Good solution for getting rather unattractive knives and knife block off the kitchen counter.  I don't do clutter -- this works well
Great product. This works great! just like advertised. It is much quicker than the others, nothing bad to say, it does what it is made for!!!
Holy Cow! What a difference. I just used my tenderizer for the first time last night on some pork chops. What a difference a little pounding makes! The meat was so soft and juicy. The pounding &quot;fluffed&quot; the meat and seemed to help it retain its juices. I can't wait to try it on some steak and lamb chops
Great product. I love all my calphalon pots, pans, and bakeware.  Best set I have every owned or used.  Even heat, easy clean up, I have never made reductions as easily as I have in these pots & pans.The fact that you can get these on special with great pricing puts it over the top.  I paid $24.99 for this when I bought a few other pieces.  Got free shipping & $25.00 off the order
so many display possibilities. I have used the largest one in a 18" high and 12" high tank and in both applications this ornament looks great.  I now have it in my 10gal guppy breeding tank that includes some dwarf crayfish and Thai crabs.  I lay it down horizontally, and the shellfish love crawling in and around this item, while the guppy's love to swim over around and through its branches.  every time I clean my tank, I turn and lay this ornament down in a different position to give my tank inhabitants a whole new terrain to explore.  if a leg breaks off it's easy to super-glue it back on and continue to use it immersed.  over long periods of abrasion against a particular area, the white from the plaster resin will show through the natural textured paint job, but the whole item is light and gray enough for the white not to be a distraction.  the top is mostly hollow with 2 side openings, and one opening under between the branches.  the bottom foot has only one branch open with an oval mouth cave going in the hollow of that foot and continuing through to the top.  all openings are at least 1.5" across and may be used to insert an air-stone or LED light to further enhance it's display potential.  careful when removing this item from your tank to shake it around in your water and to take an inventory of your fish as it's easy for them to still be hiding inside this ornament.  the surface texture is pitted enough so you can tied Taxiphyllum to the surface, and over time as it grows, will stay attached on it's own.  Anubias will also root nicely over the indentations along the thicker branches of this item
grapefruit spoon. the spoon is fantastic, shaped for extreemly efficient segmenting.  The handle could be a little wider to get a secure hold on it.
Better than Dyson. I purchased a Dyson before I bought this vaccum. The Dyson was alright, but not really worth the money. Luckily for me, I could return it to get my 500 dollars back. My husband and I serached for a little less than a week for just a regular vaccum. Let me tell you that when we got this home and vaccumed the SAME FLOORS that we vaccumed with the Dyson a week before...IT PICK UP TONS!!!! It was so gross...and I couldn't believe that with all the hype about a Dyson, that all of that mess was left behind. I would recommend this vaccum over Dyson anytime. It really works great! I wouldn't have believed it could work better than Dyson if I hadn't have seen it first hand, but it really does. So think about what you can buy with the 300 dollars left over from NOT buying the Dyson.
Very Stylish!. Out toaster of over 10 years died last weekend and while we were shopping at Target we saw this "retro" looking toaster and fell in love with the look..Now we weren't sure how this toaster was going to operate but we were somewhat familiar with the Oster reputation and decided to take the plunge..Well let me tell you..not only does this toaster look cool but it can certainly toast up a storm and beautifully too!  There are preset buttons on the front of the toaster that allows you to make perfect toast or bagels every time!  In the past we used to toast out bagels in our toaster oven which was kind of cumbersome but with this toaster the bagels come out perfectly every time!!  The toaster looks great in the kitchen..takes up hardly any space and has that cool "retro" feel to it..It comes in red, copper and brushed chrome..we ended up getting the red one.  What a deal!  So if you're in need of a new toaster you can't lose with this gem
They're fun for adults too. I bought these molds for my Crystal Light drinks so that I could have a more nutritious dessert option. The molds are quite long so you get a very nice sized popsicle for your money. The plastic is a bit on the thin side so the popsicles were a bit hard to get out as they were hard and the plastic is pliable. Make sure to really mix your liquid as it can settle in the very bottom, impossible to get back out, and the taste will go with it. I have fun using these and they were reasonably priced
great coffee pot. for this item being refurbished you would never tell it works perfectly, easy to use and clean. Would recommend people try this coffee po
Chops, minces, slices like a dream, incredibly sharp. I do regret not buying the granton edge model, since the food does stick to the blade when mincing. I found that a wood cutting board works better than a cutting mat with such a sharp knife and less food seemed to stick to the blade.I have not figured out the technique of thin slicing thick objects like a potato. The shape of the knife is different than a chef's knife and I decided not to use the rocking motion on potatoes, rather just draw the knife through.There is much to learn.Also, there was a $25 discount on $125 eligible merchandise, which reduced the cost.
It's big and pink. It is a quality toaster, no doubt about it. I suppose the pink color is a bonus. I scored this here on Amazon
pretty perfect. I really bought this set because of it's measurements. It fits perfectly into the space in her closet so when the door is closed the toys are hidden. When it's open the colors coordinate perfectly with her room. It gives her more floor space than a toy box. The colors are more pastel than the picture represents, which I was hoping. I bought it to match the glitter butterfly set. It is very cute and my daughter, 3, loves it. It was a sinch to assemble
Mugs are great. I prefer a mug over a tea cup so the 4 piece place setting was the way to go for me.  I also have the Java mugs that are just that little bit bigger with the handle longer so you can slip a couple fingers in and hug your mug.  Fiestaware is durable, sturdy, and long lasting. The design is clean and simple.  The colors can be combined in endless combinations to suit your every mood. The Sunflower is a bit to yellow for me but I mix it with the other colors and it adds a ray of sunshine to the darkest day.  The color is the reason I didn't give this 5 stars
Five years and still cutting.... We've had this knife set for five years and it works great.  We use the Henckels 8" chef and 6" utility knives to cut meat and vegetables on a daily basis.  The knives cut easily through everything from meat to melons to tomatoes (just keep them sharp).  One of the great things about these knives is that you can sharpen them time and time again.  Another great thing is that they are well balanced and the handles never come loose.  We would buy this set again in a heartbeat.  Every few years we add another Henckels 4 star open stock knife to our set because they work so well.
Copco travel Mug. This is the way to go if you like a big cup of coffee. Don't leave home without it!!  Would have given it 5 stars if the mouth opening had a closure on it
The best cheese slicer. For evenly sliced cheese, this is the easiest to use cheese slicer I've ever used. Its only drawback occurs when the cutting wire break, which it eventually does, because the only place I know of to get them is directly from a source in Germany. I wish Amazon would carry replacement wires as well as carry this cheese slicer again
Good value and powerful. I purchased this unit just over a month ago. It arrived in less than a week. I've had no problems with it yet. It is truly all metal except for the splash guard/ingredient chute. To address some other reviews that had me concerned. The head doesn't slap around. That is a warranty issue for her. It does walk with big stiff dough recipes such as a two loaf all wheat. Simple physics, considering size and weight, tells you at medium to high speeds it will. Kinda lets you know it is a powerful electronic speed controlled mixer. I can easily steady the base for the few seconds to finish mixing. All other mixing jobs are done with ease. I, personally, like the tilt head. All stand mixers will require side scraping with some recipes, even the expensive KitchenAids. Although I made a five bar cheesecake yesterday and as I was watching the eggs, dropped in at the side one at a time, they were all fully captured and mixed in. I usually scrape once at the beginning and it spins into a dough ball at the end anyway. There is a dimple at the bottom of the bowl to help pick up added flour during the mix. Speaking of KitchenAid, have you read the reviews of those "attachments"? Besides being expensive they say all of them suck. It seems you can buy better and cheaper items to do the same thing taking up the same amount of space.So far I've made 4 loaves of baguettes, 4 loaves of wheat, 2 loaves of sourdough, numerous cakes, batches of cookies, and of course a large cheesecake since I've had it with no problems. (Now you can see why I needed a strong stand mixer! My church loves me now too!) The key is to read the instructions more than once to ensure you understand how to operate this model. It has some cool recipes in there too! And yes, it is very easy to clean as well.If you want a mixer to crank out mega-loaves of all wheat bread daily, (commercial), then this is not it. If you want to make great bread, dishes and pastries for your family then this can't be beat at this price range with this much power. After all, as one consumer already stated, this is a "Consumer Reports best buy". I've had a Sunbeam Heritage, (like the one shown on the Cookin In Brooklyn show), and contrary to popular belief there is NOT a motor under the bottom pedestal. It's great for everything else but gluttonous bread dough's. A white loaf every once in a while, maybe. But, I wanted to be more artisan and organic with my breads so I upgraded.Note: the short time I've had it is the only reason I've given it 4 stars. For me, longevity counts as one star.Hobby Baker
Very Huggable. Just as portrayed; can't stop hugging and squeezing this wonderful heart.  My  college age kids really enjoy having them in their dorm rooms
Calypso 2.2 Quart Pink Teakettle. Perfect match for my kitchen and the other "pink" things I have
Great choice in Thermal Carafes. I bought this carafe for our office, at an engineering firm (with very picky people).  It works excellently.  The swivel base is nice, but not a big deal to me.  The push button open/closed lid is outstanding.  (I haven't had it long enough to see if it will start sticking.  I have no problem with the idea of having to clean it periodically.)As to temperature retention, you pour hot coffee in in the morning, you get hot coffee out in the afternoon.  I have noticed that the ability to retain temperature is a function of the "fullness" of the container; two cups of coffee will not stay as hot as a full pot.  If you want specifics, I would estimate heat losses for a full pot of liquid to be around 2 degrees per hour.  For example, if you pour in 170F coffee, you'll get it out at 150F ten (10) hours later.  (Testing a series of these carafe's temperature retention abilities would be an outstanding elementary or middle school science fair project!)  I would expect 1/2 of a pot of coffee to lose about 3 degrees per hour and 1/4 pot to lose about 5.  I doubt you'll find anything better than this.The only thing I cannot attest to is the longevity of this item.  It's obvious that you can't drop it (we engineers do like "virtually indestructable"), the "sticky button" issue has been documented (I'll have to wait and see) and I also wonder about the handle's attachment to the rest of it. (I think this could be retightened, if necessary, but that may be challenging).  Bottom line:  If you need a thermal carafe, stop reading and buy the d*mn thing
Fiesta Persimmon Medium Canister, 2 Quarts. I love it.The lid doesn't always close enough to hid the white rubber seal.Other than that it is great
Super Duper. PetSafe batteries are the best.  Of course they are the only ones that work in the dog collar but they are still very good
Weekend BBQ Warrior. I bought mine in Germany back on 2002, it its top of the line in pressure cookers. Can cook the hardest venison or lamb in just a twist.  My wife loves it, easy of everything and safe to use. Its top mounted gage is the most easy to use. I recommend this cooker to everyone
a fantastic pot. good capacity, never gets burnt on the bottom, easy to handle, and you can even see the food you're cooking through the glass lid. overall a fantastic pot
Nordic Ware Sunflower Pan. The Nordic Ware Sunflower pan is just what I wanted.  It came in perfect condition and in a very timely fashion.  Thank you
How did I live without this?. WOW, what a great addition to my kitchen. It stays hot forever!  Easy to brew..don't place on flame.  You have to preheat water in another traditional kettle for brewing.  You want to fill with hot water prior to use to "prime" the kettle or "prep" it for brewing (dump out the first fill of hot water prior to adding the tea).  Then add tea in the screen and pour hot water over the loose leaf tea or bag to brew. Brew for specified time and then serve!  Porcelin inside that must be cleaned immediately after use.  You should not leave tea in overnight as this may damage the inside coating.  Easy clean fun to use and great for conversation!  I invite almost everyone to enjoy tea with me if they have time:
Greatest .... pizza cutter.... ever!. My wife and I received this as part of a set for our wedding and this is truly the best pizza cutter we have ever seen or used. Slices through pizza with ease. DiGiorno and Freschetta are no match for this baby! Usually one pass is all you need to cut clean through any pizza.When you pick it up you notice how heavy and well built it feels and when you cut with it, the motion is incredibly smooth
Yes it really is indestructible!. This is the first and only toy that has so far managed to withstand the ravages of "Diilbert" who is our 90+ lbs Bullmastif cross, who LOVES to chew. A first class toy
chefs choice krum kake express. the krumkake express is very good and it easy to us
great bedside lamp. I love this lamp,  purchased two of them for my bedroom, and the 40 watt minimum candelabra (required) bulbs really create the perfect mild light for the bedside. The only thing i don't like it the switch is on the cord and not the lamp itself. I purchased a 3-way touch dimmer to plug it into, which converts it into a 3 way touch lamp, now i love it even more! FYI... this lamp's picture is a bit deceiving it really is half moon shape and not completely round
Calphalon Commercial Hard-Anodized cookware. Easy to clean, but it cannot be placed in a dishwasher.  Also keep a hot pad near by when using as the lid gets extremely hot.  Bottom is hard to keep clean.  Food does cook very nicely
GIVES YOU A PHENOMENAL ESPRESSO IF YOU HANDLE CORRECTLY. Two months ago I bought the X1 from the new serie "X1 by appointment" at the online store azone.ch. Discount price about 500 USD including a box of 18 E.S.E pods from AMICI. The inventor of the machine Francesco Illy is a "pope" of the coffee industry. He founded the "Francis Francis" Company in Switzerland. His father and grandfather are the founder of the "ILLY" coffee brand. A name for sophisticated taste of coffee. Francesco Illy started to launch his own brand "AMICI". There are actually 4 different E.S.E. pods available. My favourites are the "Espresso" (silver box with red stripe) and "Ristretto" (..with black stripe). Please check amici.ch for more information. So, that's a little bit about history and now my review: When I read the negative postings I wonder why there are some problems when using the machine or why the coffee gives some people only average joy. Here my suggestions for a real espresso experience:Rule 1: Strictly use the E.S.E. pods....the one from AMICI or LAVAZZA I can suggest. Not try to use non-E.S.E. pods. They will not fit perfectly.Rule 2: Buy some high quality espresso cups. If the porcelain is robust and thick it can keep and lead the warmth much better.Rule 3: Always use pre-heatened cup. Place them on top of the coffee machine. I never turn off the machine. If you switched of the machine, wait about 20 minutes before preparing coffee.And important: Pour one espresso cup of water before inserting any pod. This guarantees, that the cup gets his temperature and that the machine gets its operation temperature.Rule 4: Keep your machine clean. After every use clean the pad-holder. Put it in the machine (be sure there are no pods inside) and simply pour water for about 10 seconds trough it.Rule 5: For the ones who experienced damages, I think, they didn't threat it correctly! After using the steam YOU MUST SWITCH BACK to the espresso mode and activate the toggle switch for espresso. Simply pour water about 20 seconds. Now the boiler will not overheat and protects the machine. If you do not follow that rule your machine could be damaged seriously!Final commentary: Those people who wants to compare the X1 with any one from Braun for about 99 USD and think the taste is the same, I must only say, that they have no concept of good coffee taste. The Francis Francis is nothing for people who confuse real espresso flavor with the over-sweeted plastic or paper taste of any Mc Donalds or Dunkin' Donuts sewage.The first time I have seen the X1 I knew, soon or less I will purchase it. The unmistakable design didn't relinquish myself anymore. Every day walking to the kitchen, the Francis Francis X1 smiles at me. A machine to take into one's heart.Marcel Dubach, ZURIC
Perfect Popcorn!. I love this popper!  I use it every day to make a healthy snack without oil.  My husband pops his in some peanut oil and it works great either way.  Buy this popper and save money over the crummy microwave bag popcorn with all of the chemicals
excellent inexpensive stemware. I've been using Spiegelau wine glasses for several years, and they are excellent. The bordeaux glass is great for bordeaux or any merlot or cabernet sauvignon based wine. These glasses are designed to enhance the bouquet of those types of wine. (They're also not bad for Rhones, though I prefer the Reidel Vinum syrah glass.)If you drink a lot of burgundy, or pinot noir, or Italian Piedmont wines (barolo, barbaresco, langhe), I'd suggest Spiegelau's burgundy glass. If your preference is zinfandel or chianti, you're a bit out of luck with Spiegelau however. Their chianti glass isn't very good. Try the Riedel vinum chianti glass for these wines; you'll be knocked out by the way it focuses the bouquet.Some reviewers have complained about breakage. I've seldom broken a glass, but it does occasionally happen during washing. My method is to clear the sink, run the water as hot as possible, put a bit of dishsoap in each glass. I then use a special ultra soft brush (which I got at a local wine shop for about $6) to clean the glass, removing fingerprints and especially the gunk around the rim. Then rinse thoroughly with very hot water. Invert on cloth. After about half an hour, with the glasses almost dry, you can wipe them off with paper towels (which don't leave any lint behind) and put them away.The main thing is never to lay them down in the sink, and wash one glass at a time. Just do the wine glasses and pay attention to what you're doing. Don't try to stick your hand inside the bowl when drying; just use the paper towels.Finally, even though these glasses are supposed to be dishwasher safe, I don't know why anybody who loves wine would put stemware in a dishwasher. Dishwashers always leave a film, and eventually their abrasive detergents will put microscopic scratches on the glasses, which lose their clarity as a consequence
Great coffee and easy to use. This is a very nice coffeemaker for anyone wanting a 4-5 cup maker. It is east to use, no clocks to set, nothing to program, just add water, filter and coffee and press one botton. The coffee tastes great, better than my old vacuum style maker. It is easy to clean and looks good, uses #2 filters or cut down #4's
Works amazing!!. I had a broken pelvis & tailbone 8 years ago and I can not sit longer then 25 minutes without shooting pains through my legs, pelvis and back.I got a job 5 months ago where I have to sit all day and this seat is my life saver! I am able to sit for hours and not have the pains I had :
old seamstress, new machine. I am so pleased so far...I have had a chance to mend clothes, medium and light weight.  I have tried out all the decorative stitches, and look forward, on Spring break to much more.  It worked consistently, and well, with very even performance.  It operated more loudly than expected, however, I am sure to get used to it, as the machine works so well.  It works better than wxpected, as the price was so reasonable.
Great little sucker. Gave my large clumsy Dirt Devil away to replace it with this small powerful easy to manipulate vacuum. I have wooden floors and needed something to quickly use when the bunnies gathered around the computer equipment and other small area items. If I had a carpetted home, Id probably need a real vacuum, but this one is perfect for me in my small apartment. The large vacuum was a deterent because it required energy to drag out of the closet etc. This vac is powerful
It really works!. This rack came with my brand new All Clad roasting pan.  I was hesitent at first because the majority of the ones I see are rather poorly made and look like they will collapse while the turkey is cooking, not to mention a royal pain to clean up.  This rack is so sturdy!  It is one piece so you don't have to worry about it collapsing, also the non stick on it is truly wonderful, it cleaned right up in no time.  I will now faithfully use this rack
Better than the Anolon 12-inch stir fry pan. My wife and I were shopping for a stir fry pan to complement our cookware and we were deciding between this pan and the Anolon Classic 12-Inch Nonstick Stir Fry with Lid (Amazon ASIN B00004S8DT, currently for $34.99).We first ordered the Anolon pan because of its lower price ($34.99) and positive reviews. The pan however arrived with a few scratches. In addition, the pan seemed to be thinner and lighter than our other same sized cookware. We returned this pan immediately and ordered this KitchenAid pan.The KitchenAid pan arrived in perfect shape. It is obviously thicker than the Anolon one, and its handle feels more balanced. We personally feel it much worth the extra 15 dollars.As a postscript, the box for the Anolon pan we received appeared to be opened before. And it appeared to be out of stock on Amazon for a few days right after we've ordered ours. So the one we received could be one of the last remaining ones which in turn may be returned by others. This might explain the bad packaging and the scrathes. Anyway the KitchenAid pan still beats it in terms of material solidity and balance
cuisinart toaster. A little disappointing. We have several Cuisinart products including a food processor that we've had for umpteen years and still works like new. We also have 4 Cuisinart pans or skillets with the same comment. The toaster toasts but not a lot better than the cheapo toaster that we replaced. We've only used it a few times so maybe it will be better once we get used to it
Great Microwave. I absolutely love this microwave,the only thing is that you may spend an extra minute microwaving a plate of food but overall it's good value for mone
Stainless mixing bowl. I love this mixing bowl. It is sturdy enough to last forever. It is large enough to mix up a nice big salad or baking mix. Clean up is a breeze. I bought it to replace a plastic bowl that was scratched and stained and looked horrible
Dogs love this toy. My lab was mesmerized by the noise this toy makes - it sounds just like a real duck.  It quickly became her favorite toy and she carries it everwhere.  Unfortunatley the 'quacker' didn't survive the washing machine, so we've ordered her a new one for Christmas.
Does the job. Well made. Useful size and weight, although it could be just a little larger in diameter. This thing gets really hot and holds that heat for awhile, as you would expect with cast iron. However, it would have been nice if designers had provided some insulating material around the top of the metal supports for the wood handle. Really need a glove when using this to avoid coming in contact with the very hot metal handle supports
Use for casseroles, cakes, or roasting. Le Creuset manufactures porcelain enameled cast iron cooking vessels as well as other quality products. The enameled cookware is cast from molten iron formed in sand moulds which are used only once. For this reason, one pan may look like another, but each is unique in its own way.Cast iron is a highly efficient material which absorbs and distributes heat efficiently. For this reason, it is recommended to use on low to medium heat. There are a few exceptions like boiling water where cooking on high heat is appropriate and okay. Otherwise, cooking with high heat may cause food to stick, discolor the enamel coating, or cook the food unevenly. Remove cast iron from the heat and it does not cool off quickly. This helps your food stay warm while serving. Beware; iron tends to be heavy so these cooking vessels tend to be heavy as well.Cast iron is an effective material for cooking so why cover it with enamel? Iron tends to rust; iron oxide (rust) doesn't add any complimentary flavors to your food. If your cast iron cooking vessel was not enameled, you would have to season and maintain it. Adding the porcelain enamel not only looks good, but has multiple benefits. The enamel, being a solid coating, is one of the most hygienic surfaces to cook on, does not stain, absorb odors, retain flavors, and is easy to clean. The enamel can be damaged, so limit cooking tools to plastic or wood.The benefits of cooking with Le Creuset cast iron are many, but lets get down to the roasting pan specifically. This pan holds 5 1/4 quarts of food, measures 9 3/4 x 14 x 3 inches internally, and weighs 10.2 pounds. 5 1/4 quarts will typically feed 8 - 10 people when it comes to casseroles, so consider your recipes when determining the size you need. Except for roasts, the roasting pan tends to do best if at least 3/4 full. Any less and you may overwhelm your food with heat evenly dispersed in the pot.I find that the cast iron adds a crispy texture to food that may be desirable with a dish like mac-n-cheese, while not so desirable for other dishes. Add the Le Creuset 9 x 11 1/2 inch roasting rack for roasting chickens and pork loins keeping them out of the grease. Some other possibilities for this pan include casseroles, pork chops covered with cornbread dressing, dinner rolls, baked squash, lasagna, scalloped potatoes, cobblers, pineapple upside down cake, or bread pudding. The possibilities almost seem endless to your imagination.One feature that people tend to complain about is the cost. The cost does seem steep compared to other pans made from other materials. Heck, cast iron doesn't seem like it should be expensive when comparing to that old cast iron pan past generations have used for cornbread and camping. However the manufacturing process requires making a mould for each and every pan produced. They then go through the enameling process before shipping these heavy pans. If you take what goes into making and distributing these high quality cast iron products, the cost tends to make sense. Then consider that this pan will easily last a lifetime when taken care of.PROS:Extremely versatileEfficient absorption and distribution of heatHygienic enamel cooking surfaceDoes not stain, absorb odors, or retain flavorsEasy to clean when not abused or misusedCan be transferred from stove top to the oven to the tableCan easily last a lifetimeCONS:Its heavy, as cast iron tends to be weighing in at about 10.2 pounds
Great Processor. This food processor is the most powerful and quietest that I have ever used. I am very impressed with the material the bowl and lid are made of. The ones I have been using for the last 15 years have not been comparable in the least
Steam Press Stand. Received as quoted, works great, shelf could be better made fall off easily
Best machine in this price range. I've been using this machine for a good month now, and I'm very happy with it. While I'm no stranger to espresso, having spent many dollars at my local coffee houses, this is my first home espresso machine.It only took me a few attempts to get decent espresso, and not much  more to get the hang of steaming / frothing the milk (not sure about the frother attachment, it does ok, but I'm sure purists would tell me to replace the wand with a high end one).If you want real espresso, you can't find a better starter machine. Most of the cheaper models are "steam" machines, resulting in strong coffee that reminds you of espresso, but not real espresso. This one is solidly built, has a brass grouphead and portafilter, and a strong pump. The boiler is aluminum, but this can be an advantage as it heats fairly quickly. I usually turn it on before I take a shower, and it is nicely heated up when I return. If you don't like waiting, after about 5 minutes you can pull a couple blank shots through, which should ensure everything is heated well enough to make an espresso.One safety comment, be very careful with the metal drip tray when cleaning it. When unpacking my machine there was a lot of adhesive goo on the drip tray so I went to the sink to scrub it off. As it turns out, the edges on the tray are rather sharp and I cut my finger on it. Since then I've been a bit more careful with it and haven't had any issues, but normally all it takes is a quick rinse of the tray and plastic tub underneath it to get it  fairly clean
Best Oven Mitts Ever. I looked at a lot of silicone mitts but chose these because of the ring to hang them, the magnet inside them and the comfy lining.  I haven't washed them yet, so it remains to be seen how the lining holds up to being laundered.  Also I wanted blue to match my kitchen.  I love these mitts and have gotten rid of all my other mitts.  I did get two of these because one is never enough
very decent glasses. My wife is the wine drinker in the house, and she tells me she is very happy with these glasses. They are stylish and are made of a good-quality glass. They clean up beautifully in the dishwasher, by the way, a hugh plus for us. I can recommend these without hesitation
EASY HARD-BOILED EGGS. Hard boiling eggs is now easy!1. Put water in up to mark2. Add eight eggs3. Push button4. Wait twenty minutesEggs are perfectly hard-boiled and the shells come off easily too
great product. I used the product making christmas pizzelles. There were no problems with sticking. The press heated up very quickl
great coffee filter. this filter works great and I love that it is reusable. Doesnt clog no matter how fine the grin
A beautiful piece!. I received this as a gift for my Bridal Shower and used it as a cake topper on my wedding day. After my wedding I placed it in a nook with a frame from the same Lenox collection (containing photos from our wedding day) and it now serves as a beautiful display piece. I love it so much that when a friend placed it on her registry, I didn't hesitate to buy it from Amazon for her.
Plushest towels ever!. I was pleasantly surprised by the quality of these towels. They're long enough to wrap me twice and so thick and absorbent. I recommend these towels to any one who wants to experience the best quality ever
Stemware that *endures.*. The only stemware that has survived my abusive, bustling house. Fearlessly used daily for all things potable. Having bounced and rolled regularly on my hardwood floors they show light but increasing scratch marks. They have not clouded.
Feliway. It apparently works, but not completely. The price is good in comparison with prices in pet shops. However, I think it is very expensive for the contain of the product
wonderful. These mini loaf pans are very good quality and honestly, they bake my breads just as well (if not better) than my expenisve set of Caphalon mini pans. Really!  I could not believe the price that Amazon is selling them for.  I figured there must be some sort of hitch.  But no, it's just a really fine deal. I would suggest even purchasing 2 sets if you do not currently own any mini loaf pans.  Most recipes I make are a perfect fit for 5 mini loaf pans (even though the recipe says 4 - I don't like my breads to rise very much over the top).  And at this price - 2 sets is still inexpensive! I very much recommend these
Lost and Found. We got this for our incoming lost and found. We process a extreme amount of lost and found and we needed something that could be in customer view for holding today's products (previously we used milk crates). This has worked out quite well for us. The drawers could slide a bit better, or be more removable. But overall we really like it!
I'm lucky they sell these... I was about to buy a whole new dirt devil hand vac because the belt on it broke, but luckily I found these and they work great
Excellent value  ~   Excellent Blender. I too was a bit skeptical about this item being "refurbished".When I recieved the blender it was nicely packaged. I opened the package and was expecting minor flaws on blender.But was pleasantly surprised to find no minor flaws. The blender was just like new! You will not find this brand of blender anywhere cheaper!Great deal.....
fast warming heater. It's quick to heat up and heat is intense, perfect for small room/office.  However, the temperature control doesn't work very well so it can get very hot and dry
West Bend Crockpot 4 Qt. This is a GREAT Crock Pot and works Fabulous! It's just perfect for a family of two (2). The stone crock is a super cobalt blue color, therefore making cleaning up very easy. A definite Winner.
At Thanksgiving. At our holiday dinner the coffeemaker was the topic of conversation because it looks cool and made great coffee. I would recommend it
My dog LOVES this ball!. Give my dog Shana a soft toy and in 30 seconds it will be shredded, unrecognisable, and spread from one end of the house to the other.  Give her a tennis ball, and 2 minutes later it is gone.I bought Shana a Kong Stuff a Ball with the hopes that it would last her more than a day. 7 months later, the ball is still intact, and is her favorite toy!When I fill the ball with the special peanut stuff that I bought with it, it keeps her quiet for hours while she tries to lick it out. I have started filling the ball with treats, which she enjoys getting out. We also use this ball to play fetch with, and it is so durable.I can't believe it has lasted as long as it has. It still looks new, and has only a few minor teeth mark indents which is hard to believe!  Although the ball seems expensive, it is worth it because it will last 100 times longer than anything else.If you have a pet that loves to chew, the Kong Stuff a Ball is for you!!! (how poetic
Works well. Cuts very easily. However, it's not easy to get that last half centimeter due to the shape of the part holding the wire. Not really a big deal, and a common problem to this style cheese slicer (only style I've never had this problem with is the paper-cutter-style cheese slicer...the one with the board and the hinged slicer)
Good chair, great price. I bought 2 of these for my home office. They are comfortable solid chairs. They are a little on the firm side but I am pleased with the construction. Amazon rocks
My Dog loves it!. I realize that this bed is meant for cats, but I have a rat-terrier puppy who weighs about 7 pounds right now. She loves to be cuddled up in things, under pillows & blankets etc. I saw this bed and new she'd love it.As soon as I put it on the floor she started investigating. Within a few minutes she was inside, playing with the dangling cat toy.  There's enough space in it that should be able to use the bed for quite a while.She prefers this bed to the couch, which is just fine with me.
Soft and Cozy for Winter. The softness of these covers takes you to new levels of comforting warmth. We put the duvet cover on the bed just when the weather started to turn slightly colder. The preshrunk cotton has been brushed to maximum softness unlike anything I've ever felt in a sheet. The quality seems superior for the price. Once you buy the comforter/duvet cover, you may find yourself dreaming about pillowcases and sheets to match.The Wamsutta Flannel sheets are velvety in a heavyweight flannel that is brushed on both sides for comfort. You will adore the soft cozy feel. Even my husband complains if I put any other sheets on the bed. My cats think they are in heaven as they sink their paws into the soft fabric and duvet. They normally won't walk on other duvet covers, but this one really appeals to them. I love the duvet covers because making the bed could not be easier.~The Rebecca Review
You'll Never Have Another Pizza Delivered!. The results are simply stunning! Using the very same recipe and ingredients I always use, I have made pizza as good as the best I have ever eaten. The crust is actually crunchy, and chewy. It produces perfect, pizzaria-style crust. Now on to baking bread. Do spring for a pizza peel, you'll need it to get the assembled pizza on and off the stone
BETTER THAN SLICED BREAD!. After mixing your dough and letting it rise the first time, this basket helps shape the dough into a perfect loaf, with an interesting pattern on the crust.  My first loaf with this basket turned out perfectly.  It is  much easier than hand shaping a loaf, and much more rustic/natural than  using a loaf pan.  The natural coils shape and decorate the loaf the  old-fashioned way. When it's done rising, carefully remove it from the  basket and care fully put it on a pre-heated bread stone in the oven.  The  loaves look and taste great
Great Item!. I love these cupcake savers!  I froze some cupcakes from my wedding 2 months ago and it kept them fresh!  I also gave some away to guests to take home their cupcakes and I got nothing but RAVES!  It's a cute item, handy, helpful, and I adore them!
This trash can is no garbage!. Excellent, sturdy, practical kitchen trash can! The profile is slim and tall, can be tucked into a narrow space, fits the 13-gallon trash bags nicely. The step-on, flip-up lid always works. The black matte finish doesn't show fingerprints and wipes clean easily with just a wet sponge. Also, I like how the mouth is nice and wide for oversized trash, and that the top lid concaves up, away from the garbage, so even if I overstuff my bag, the lid doesn't get dirty. My only complaint is that the large product sticker on the front of the can didn't come off easily and sticky-free; I needed to use olive oil to remove some of the paper and adhesive. Otherwise, another top Oxo Good Grips product.
small but nice. ice bucket is smaller than i expected.  otherwise, a very good product
Great!. I received the dinnerware set for my wedding.  I purchased this bowl to add to our set.  This was the cheapest place I could find the bowl
Would highly recommend this product. I have used this glassware everday for over 10 years and due to it's age, it was beginning to show some wear. I purchased (2) sets to replace some glasses that had chipped or broken over the last several years, as well as to store in case any others became damaged. This was the reason for my purchase.The glass is heavy and thick, therefore they last much longer than normal department store glassware. I absolutely love them
It's a filter, what more can I say. These work pretty well but are sensitive to maintenance. If you dont clean the fountain as often as you should, they get a little scummy looking and can be hard to clean. That's why they are replaceable though and my 2 feline friends really like the cool running water
Replacement Filter for Holmes 3500. Best price around $9.99.  This filter does not have the aluminum on the outside.  The aliuminum collects a lot of stuff.  I have used many other brands, and this one works best.  It has a seperate outside filter, much like the foam on car air cleaners.  I think this helps a lo
Great Deal!. I'm not a sheet expert but this seems to be a wonderful deal.  Quality is top notch, colors are great, and reversibility is a very nice feature, just use what looks best or mix it up for a change.  Excellent price
Like sleeping on a cloud!. The sheets were soft right out of the package. We bought the sage green king size. The color is nice and the pockets are extra deep. I have a pillow top and there is more than enough room to keep the sheets in place. I highly recommend these sheets and will be purchasing more for myself in the near future
Filters. Best price I have ever seen for this product, and free shipping to boot!
Fantastic!. I thought this looked like a nice pan - so I thought I would give it a try.  WOW - It cooks and cleans up like a dream.  I ordered another one for myself - and one for my friend
Media Storage Review. This is the best all-around media storage cabinet i have owned in over 25 years of storing media.  It's outside design is great.  The shelving design inside is flexible so you may use it to hold CDs, DVDs, Videos, including those "non-standard sized special edition sets" if you like.  It's durable.  I've bought six of these and placed two in 3 of the rooms in my house, each of which have different furniture/spacing availability and I've found that these are the right overall size for all of my conditions.
Excellent Performance & Value, cord a little short. We decided to get this vacuum instead of a central vac system for our 3200 sq ft home.  The logic was that you would still need to lug around a hose and wand with the central vac, plus we already owned an upright Dyson.  Our plan was to use the Miele for the main level (100% hardwoods with oriental rugs) and the Dyson for the upstairs (50% hardwoods, 50% wall-to-wall carpet). Now, a year later, we're glad we bought this Miele.  It works extremely well on the hardwoods and with a simple flip of the switch on the attachment, very good on the rugs.  The variable motor speed was something I never thought we needed but is extremely useful.  On high, it's on par with the Dyson but the sound level is so much less.  The Dyson now reminds me of the shop vac in the garage.  Another huge plus is the size and weight.  It's so easy to take out and do a quick touch ups that using it daily, if needed, doesn't become a chore.A few negatives.  #1 The self winding cord is surprisingly short.  I need to plug it into 4 outlets to do the entire 1st level (1400 sq ft).  With the Dyson, I just need to plug it in twice.  I guess the engineers could figure out how to make the cord longer and still self-retract reliably [shrug].#2 The accessory wands attach to the wand which gets in the way when you vacuum under furniture, plus become added weight.  I'd rather it attach to the canister somehow. So, we just leave the attachments in the closet.#3 The canister has 2 wand holders. One on the side of the canister for when you store it upright in a closet and another one for when you need to rest it temporarily so you don't have to place the wand on the floor.  This is a nice touch, but because this holder is in the back of the unit, it obstructs the power cord path when winding or unwinding.  So in the course of vacuuming, I still need to place the wand on the floor twice.  That's just a silly (oversight) design.#4  The 2 buttons (power & cord rewind) on the canister are hard to shut off with your foot consistently because they are contoured with the canister's body lines.  Sometimes you get it on the first try, other times nothing happens, or if you really catch it on the edge, the canister ends up moving away from you.  Again, a little silly given how flawless other things were designed.All in all, a very very good design.  I just wish I had 5 minutes with the design team.
Finally A Fountain My Cat Will Drink From!. After trying every higher-priced fountain out there, I decided to try this one.  I had never seen it before.  My older cat who refused to drink out of a bowl, only out of the faucet, immediately started licking the water from the dome.  Sometimes, he forgets and jumps on the cabinet by the faucet.  I just place him by the fountain, and there he goes.  It's very easy to use and clean.  I love this fountain
TOOLS. Even though the machine doesn't come with a lot of attachments -- it is universal design allowing for a cost-effective product that can use your old tools!!  A great idea.This model is discontinued -- 3920 comes with a dustbrush and anti-bacterial filter of some sort.You can, however, find a better price online.
Good Value @ 1/3 the price of All Clad. I'm not a professional just a daily user but have used the original Calphalon, Calphalon Essentials (Target) and some Calphalon Pro series pans. The Simply Calphalon appears to me to be the most successful as it 1) cooks evenly at medium to medium high heat; 2) cleans up very easily (exception is eggs as usual) and, for the most part 3) can be cleaned in the dishwasher without ruining the good looks or the cooking surfaces. None of the anodized I used in the past survived intact an unplanned trip through the dishwasher when someone helped out with the dishes after a dinner party. And, for the price, you can buy 3 sets of Simply Calphalon before getting into All-Clad territory. I know it's not exactly "apples to apples" but for the kind of day to day cooking I do it's a best buy
I would buy it again when it's on sale. I bought this when it was on sale for $20.I wish i had bought more of it.  We have refrigerator full of ethnic food with alot of garlic and other spices in them, and it does stink up the box.I'm finding that about 80% of the stench(?) is gone - which is no small feat, considering the intensity of the smell that was present before.However, i'm only giving it 4 stars because of the price.  For $20, i would give it 5 stars and would buy some more.  For $36, i'm a little hesitant to pull the trigger.  But that's just me
Nice. I really like these plates.  I bought the crocks as well and have no issues with them.  THe go together really nicely if you are serving soup and salad for dinner guests.  I love the colors and I am happy with my purchase.  The price was attractive as well
This is definetly for the Movie or CD collector. Everthing was in this cabinet when i got it. But in all this was the best Find for storing all my DVDs. Holds alot and saves on space in my room. I'm definetly proud of this Cabinet
Funny gift to give :). It's soft and medium-sized.  Didn't pay too much for them so didn't feel too bad when friends would come over and ask if they could take one. Now I don't have any left, but they're an interseting little soft "stuffed animal" kind of thing.  No real practical purpose probably - and I heard it's a horror if it ever opens/spills its contents.  And it's kind of funny - the thing itself is soft - but it comes in a huge box with TONS of air pillows (when you order it from amazon at least).  So if you're moving and need packing material, then here's a 2-for-1 special.
Dishes great. I really like  our new dishes. They are true to the picture displayed.The 4 stars are for the mugs. 16oz mugs are just to large and heavy for eveyday use. Hot drinks cool before you have a chance to finish them. I also wish they were made out of corelle instead of stoneware.
Wonderful item. No more water rings - what more could you want?  Keeps drinks cold for hours
an elegant piece:the french platter. i love mikasa for its elegance in designs,extreme durability and affordable prices.this beautiful white platter is a perfect example.it is big enough to display turkey ,whole chicken or ham with vegetables sprinkled all over.at the same time it is medium weight and can be carried around easily.itis easily washable and can be directly put in an oven as well.in short not only are its utilities manifold but it is an elegant addition for our house
Parrothead Pottery. This was an EXCELLENT addition to my friend's parrothead kitchen. The colors are bright and add a touch of PARTY to the room
Simply one of the best there is for coffee purists... This percolator makes the best tasting coffee we've ever had.We've been through many pots including professional makers designed for hotels and altho an old fashioned stove top pot makes good coffee, it takes too long and it's not as wonderful as what comes out of this maker.  we use it everyday at least once or twice, and it's held up for quite awhile.  There is one snafu, you MUST load the basket very carefully, because if you don't grounds find their way into the center tube and wind up in the brew.  My husband is always getting grounds in the coffee, but it still tastes fabulous!  I've had to replace the lid, that's been my only complaint. The knob is plastic, but after roughly 1500 pots of coffee, I can't gripe too loudly, because the pot has outlasted every other pot we've ever owned!  ...Not to mention that if you truly love REAL coffee (not the drip crapola) this is the only pot there is
Nice looking and really does the job it's supposed to do. The chrome look of this unit is quite nice and really does look like chrome (doesn't look cheap like some other metallic plastics), matching chrome fixtures nicely.  But the important part is that this filter really does its job.  You'll find at Pur's website that the Pur Ulitmate is NSF certified to effectively filter 28 contaminants listed in NSF Standard 53, whereas some competing products, including a popular disposable model that doesn't use cartridges, claim certification for less than a third of those.  I'm sure there are truly comparable filters out there, but check the specs before you buy.  Flow rate seems reasonable to me.  I can fill up my 12-cup coffee carafe in under a minute, and I don't mind taking a couple of extra seconds for the peace of mind that I'm drinking cleaner, safer water.  After all, I won't be needing it for washing dishes or taking a shower.It's very easy to install, and it seems more durable than an older generation Pur faucet-mount filter I had that developed leaks after a while.  This one has been working for almost a year with no leakage at all
So useful!. This bowl is shallow enough to serve from and deep enough to really load it up.  I use mine constantly, and didn't think I would when I bought it.  We reach for this ahead of all the other bowls and platters I own.  I love my Fiestaware, you can't go wrong with these durable and colorful dishes
Wonderful!!!. Wonderful set... also got the 12QT stockpot with this free... so very slickdeal :)Great nonstick coating, but you really must hand wash... but that is ok!!
Lives up to its promise. This is a quality item and a bargain. Arrived in perfect conditionand the enamel is smooth throughout. It is quite heavy at 17 lbswhich is good for a dutch oven. The handles and top do get very hot- but for the oven metal seems like the best choice.Basting spikes are little bumps on the inside lid, they do thetrick to circulate the liquid and my potroast was tender, even the top.Looking forward to many fine meals - stews and chowders, chickens,fish and chips and much more
Clean carpets, but leaky with upholstery attachments. The Hoover F5914-900 is my first steam cleaner. It got my carpets cleaner than the model I rented from Giant, and even got out some spots that had been in the carpet for years. I did have problems when I tried to use the attachments. Water leaked out under the steam cleaner while the attachments were connected - might be user error. I will have to look for better hook-up instructions
The usual wonderful Le Creuset quality, but HEAVIER than most. A great pan, as usual with Le Creuset, but VERY HEAVY.  Our household is used to  Le Creuset  (the 7-quart round is probably our most-used size), but this 5-quart and it's lid are deemed extraordinarily heavy.  We use it, and we're glad to have it, but wouldn't recommend it for weaklings
comp desk. I received damaged ,had to spend quite awhile on phone  and get a supervisor on line to receive any level of satisfaction. I was told it was up to me to return to a ups store. I veiw this as a major inconveience. they should make the shipper responsible for in transit damage. I still have not received the return label i have called amazon three times, i just might be keeping damaged desk , i won't call agai
I love my new Fiestaware!. These are great dishes.  I've had no problems.  I'm collecting a place setting in each color and they look fabulous. Do try to see the dishes in person so you'll know what the colors really look like, as computer monitors can be off in their presentation of colors.  These are nice and can be everyday, but still used proudly when you have special occasions.  The vivid colors make everyday meals more energetic and cheery.  We love our "rainbow dishes"! Coffee cups are a little small compare to most modern mugs, but they are still fine.  The bowls are a perfect size :
great easy to install. it was great and easy to install.  enough shelves for my stuffs. well it met my expectation
Beautiful, efficient, high-quality coffee maker. I was in the market for a new coffeemaker with a stainless steel thermal carafe. I read lots of online reviews and looked in person at the DeLonghi DCM485, the Krups FMF5 (both 10 cups), and the Cuisinart DTC-975 (12 cup). Each had mixed reviews. I ended up bringing home the DeLonghi and the Krups. Visually, there is no comparison.  The Krups looked like my grandma's Buick when parked next to the elegant Ferrari-like DeLonghi. But, would the DeLonghi brew good coffee? Would I have problems identified by other reviewers, like a badly-pouring carafe or spillover in brewing?Simply put, the DeLonghi lives up to its visual promise. It brews an extremely good cup of coffee.  If you read the manual and line up the "fin" on the lid to the correct pouring location, no seepage when pouring.   (I actually did it wrong before reading the manual; it was so drippy that I almost didn't keep it.) I've not had a problem with spillover during brewing, but to date have only brewed 6 cups max.Other fabulous features of the DeLonghi:*The removable water tank, which can be taken directly to the tap for filling and *can be removed for cleaning*. The tank even fits nicely in the built-in water dispenser in the refrigerator door - coincidence, or just smart design? (I have not noticed any plastic-y taste, either.)*The removable filter basket - ditto for cleaning.*The carafe has a wide mouth for easy, reach-in cleaning. (I have larger hands, and couldn't get my hand inside the Krups carafe.) The carafe keeps coffee at a decent drinking temperature for a good 6 hours. Not just-brewed hot, but decent - good performance for any thermal device, most of which, in my experience, lose a similar amount of heat over time.*The entire body exterior is stainless steel - very little cheesey black plastic to interfere with its appearance.*Easy to program, easy to use, and the water level indicator works just fine.On the downside, it's a tall critter, so measure your counter-to-cabinet clearance if you want to place it under your kitchen cabinets.This is a high-quality, well-designed machine, especially when compared side-by-side with the Krups, which just seemed flimsy in comparison - more plastic than stainless steel, a poorly-secured filter basket that seemed like it would fall off at the slightest bump, no removable water tank, a weird & less sturdy carafe lid, and seemingly less sturdy handle.If you're looking for this type of coffeemaker, I highly recommend buying the DeLonghi.  It's comparably priced in its class and offers powerful performance in an elegant package.  I couldn't be happier with it.
I needed this!. Finally, a pan that makes it easy to bake! No more messing up the first piece of cheesecake or brownies, trying to get them out of the pan. The sides of this pan just pop off and leave you with access to cut from all sides. The non-stick finish cleans up in seconds. It bakes evenly, also. I would definitely recommend this to anyone who likes to bake
Cool Pillowcases. I would never purchase these at their regular prices but this was indeed a treat
Great Pillows  for Kids. Loved this pillow.  it is a lot of  fun
Amazing cat toy!. This toy is incredible.  We have two cats, one a little chubby who loves to play and another a little skinny who is terrible at playing and is sometimes scared off by how aggressive his brother can be.  With the Cat Charmer, they play together, taking turns going crazy.  This toy gets the cat who needs more exercise running all over the house; the cat who can't play seems to have rediscovered how.  I also love that the toy is simple enough that it is not going to be destroyed within 15 minutes and that it is soft enough that getting accidentally bonked on the head with it doesn't end play time for the kitties
Great tasting. This is very easy to use, and it makes everything very easy to clean, so you wouldn't think it taste so great being a pod, But it works great taste great and creates a nice little cream, The machine I am using is a Gaggia 97001 Coffee Deluxe Espresso Machine with Automatic Milk Frother, Silver, if you like strong espresso you will love this.
Finally amazon is selling these!. For the longest third party stores were selling the Sango Black "accessories." The shipping would be more than the item so I always opted out. And in the dept. stores, they would be out or just not have them. So I found myself stuck.  Now amazon is selling them with free super saver shipping--PERFECT! Thanks for allowing me to add to my Sango Nova Black set
One of the best knives I've ever owned. I've been a long time J.A. Henckels user and love there knives, but my Shun classic has quickly made it's way to the most used knife in my bag.When I first got this knife I was afraid to use it in the day to day world of my job because of it's good looks, but unlike most knives that just rely on there good looks for the selling point, this knife is a true work horse. The handle did feel a little strange at first but once you get used to it, you understand why it was made that way.  As a Chef, I recomend this knife to any santoku lover, it was well worth the price.
perfect size. Spoons were a nice weight and perfect size for use with espresso cups.  Style with satin finish was perfect.  May double as a pretty baby spoon too
Someday a Collectible. Le Creuset has a good reputation,and no wonder.I purchased the 2qt. White Pitcher because it stored hot andcold beverages.With the Holiday's coming up,I realized I was short of pitchers.The pitcher came well wrapped,and it was even more lovelythan the picture display.It is sitting now on my Dining Room table filled with browndried Fall foliage,against a colorful autumn tablecloth.Everyone who comes in the door,raves at the beauty of the object.Besides being useful,it makes an attactive centerpiece.With it's simple pure lines  it appeals to every every decor.Modern,Country,Traditional etc
Great, but not as good as the 5-Star. I had these knives for a year or so and really enjoyed them.  Then I was given the 5-star knives for Chistmas and fell in love.  The handles are better on the 5-star and they're a little heavier than these knives giving you the feeling that your really holding something sturdy.  My advice is to go with the 5-star line instead of these.  Sure they're more expensive, but you'll thank yourself in the long run.
Broken?. The glasses are very nice glasses, but two of them arived with the stems snapped
Effective, economical HEPA filter. I have purchased several Honeywell air cleaners recently for my family (children, parents and brother's household) and have been very pleased with their performance and and engineering.  I was looking for an air cleaner for my daughter's room and was given an older model by friends who had used it briefly before buying an Ionic Breeze instead due to the noise level- the only reason I didn't rate it 5 stars.  While that machine is a Sears labelled appliance, it is identical to a small Honeywell.  It has effectively reduced her symptoms, and the noise hasbn't been disagreeable on lower settings with any of the machines.  Using the higher settings an hour or so before bedtime and reducing the fan speed to low during the night produces a 'white nboise" that I find soothing.Replacement filters (permanent) arte readily availabvle and economical (under $15.00 at Amazon).  Other Honeywell air cleaners we have purchased differ in that they have no ionizer (not recommended by medical authorities- i am myself a family physician) and in their capacity.  All of the machines I have bought are the round hassock-shaped ones and this is an imiportant design feature in that these models use either og two sizes of replacement permanent filters as above.  Larger models may use up to three stacked filters in place of the original and expensive non-permanent filter.  All use a cut-to charcoal-containing pre-filter which may be vacuumed periodically and used for substantially longer than the packaging indicated (at least 6 months).  The HEPA filters may be vacuumed as well, a simple maintenance task.The filter that comes with a filter that is NOT permanent but is instead a "long-life" singlre filter with a recommended replacement interval of five years.  It does not have a "permanent filter".one of the big pluses for these machines is the excellent 5-year warranty.  No machine in this price range except a few Hunter models offer a 5-year warranty, and Hunter permanent filters are far more expensive and hard-to find.  I have noted some complaints about warranty service in other reviews of Honeywell products, but nonetheless it is still a very good value.I ofund some of my machines in the local Goodwill for $10 or so- check it out!.  On new machines, I really couldn't beat the Amazon deals substantially and ordered one of these and another odel for family.  My brother was so impressed he went out and bought 2 other machines (regrettably, not Honeywell) for his fairly severe allergy problems.  t wouldn't count on these machines to eliminate strong odors vcompletely but they do make a difference.I would add a final note about my experience with central air conditioner filters.  A NMERV of 8-10 is sufficient to remove almost all common allergens.  Higher filtration requires larger surface area to prevent excessive air obstruction.  We bought a filter some time ago that we couldn't use for that very reason.  The most economical is the Lysol brand filter available in Lowes stores.Removing bacteria from the air is unimportant- "air sdanitizer" are a waste of money.  Airborne bacteria rarely survive long and DO NOT cause odors in and of themselves- they must be in a nutrient rich medium and actively growing to cause odors.  As for mold, remember that removing moisture is the answer to that problem.  A relative humidity of 40 % or less will take care of mold and mildew very nicely.  So, use your AC, dehumidifier, or pipe wrench as needed to control moisture problems.  As for vacuums, they all work- IF YOU USE THEM!  A central system that exhausts to the outdoors or a garage area that can be aired is a great option.  bagless vacuums, water trap vacuums, etc really don't make much difference in air quality.  We find that using simple bedlinens in the children's rooms which can be tossed in the dryer for 10 minutes are useful ways to control dust mites and remove some of their allergens.  Stuffed animal toys can also be given a spin for the same reasion.Sorry if I get carried away, but I have always felt a duty to teach my opatients to take care of themselves.  I hope this has been helpful.  The Honeywell air cleaners are a great way for allergy sufferers to take control of their symptoms in part.
multi purpose pan is great. This came to me just in time to solve several cooking applications that have been bothering me since the Holidays.  As a lasagna pan it is the perfect depth to make a stellar presentation.  As a roasting pan it works well and holds a small turkey or two 3 lb. chickens.  It's also good for a large casserole for a pot luck.  The pan looks good from oven to table.  Yes - it is heavy to work with because of the cast iron, but I'm really glad to add this to my pantry.
super. This rack is sturdy &amp; just perfect turkey dinners will be so much easier. I also purchased the pan to go with the rack
Wonderful VERY thick, large, towels. I've had these towels for almost 2 years now. I love them so much compared to my old towels that I bought another seat for my guest.There very thick compared to the cheap conventional towels. Probably 2 to 3 times there thickness. The Bath towel itself is oversized compared to competitors. My only problem with these towels is when I put them in the dryer, because of them being so thick, they take longer to dry. Thats not unexpected though when you have thick clothing for example.My only problem with my new (black) set is I noticed they take more washes and uses to break in, my old set didn't seem to take as long to break in. Then again, that was almost two years ago I tried to break them (my white towels) in. This new set I bought almost a year ago, and lint is still shedding from them. I don't use the black set as much though, I've probably only used it 5 - 10 washes worth. It may be because of the colors though, the newer set is black, and the older set is white, possibly the dye?Whatever you do, DO NOT put fabric softner in with your towels, you'll ruin them over time because the absorbancy level will decrease with time. I found this out when I bought a different set of towels, probably why I've destroyed my other towels, but none compare in thickness and absorbancy as these.I can tell you personally, I have hair thats down to my waist, very full and thick, my hairs probably 2 1/2 to 3 feet long, and I can leave my hair in this towel for 45 mins, and it won't be soaking wet. Of course it'll be wet, but it won't feel so damp that you want to throw it in the dryer because your hands are getting wet from touching your towel. This includes drying my body off after a shower and using that same towel for my hair!I honestly suggest anyone give these towels a shot, even though you pay a hefty price for them, you'll immediately see the difference in what you buy for towels in this price range.And no, no one paid me to put this here, I'm dead serious, I love these towels, and I hope to pass this great info along to other people
Good, Cheap, with one  small reservation. My only reservation is for safety sake, it would probably be better to get the version that is wireless, because when you fill this in the sink you must be very careful not to get the electrical prong that connects to the cord wet.
DeLonghi Percolator review. I ordered this for my husband because he is very picky about his coffee.  He loves the percolator
Good quality - can be hard to put together. I have 3 of my 4 chairs put together, but after a few weeks still cannot get the screws in the seatback of the last chair.  The seat cushions do not have pre-drilled holes, so you can end up with all the seat cushions on differently.  I am happy with the 3 chairs that are put together, but I now have one unusable chair
AIRPOT OKAY. The airpot works great if you are making a lot of coffee. I wanted to keep four cups hot for the day. When I get home from work, the coffee is warm, but not as hot as I would like. However, a 12 cup pot of coffee keeps hot all day long
1st-class cookware. Tri-ply cookware is a necessity if you own a gas stove.Thick bottoms and thin sides (as in the "Simply Calphalon" line, for example) will work fine on an electric stove, but a gas stove will heat the sides enough to scorch your food in a circle above the base, and sometimes all the way up to the lid.Fully-clad tri-ply cookware heats evenly from rim to rim, so you do not get scorching on a gas stove. (Personally, I think they cook better on electric stoves, too.)Calphalon copper cookware has enough copper to make a noticeable difference in how evenly the pan heats. The pan thickness overall is  2.8mm, and the outside copper layer is 0.8mm -- a respectable thickness. Others may claim that this copper outer layer "doesn't really" matter, but it *does* matter. The pans made with copper tri-ply simply heat faster and more evenly than the equivalent  pan in stainless tri-ply. However, well-made stainless tri-ply pans are very, very good, and nothing to scoff at. (The ease of cleanup for stainless is nice, too.)Calphalon tri-ply pans are in the same performance league as All-clad. I've used both, and the thickness overall, balance, design, handle and lids of the Calphalon pans are excellent, fully All-clad level quality. Check out the price difference for yourself.These pans are designed for more experienced cooks. You need to know how to preheat a pan for proper cooking, but when used with good technique, a stainless-lined saut pan will stick very little -- and in most cases, when you saut, you do want at least a *little* sticking, so you get some caramelized fond from your food for deglazing and sauce reductions. For soups, sauces and more liquid-based cooking, the stainless lining works like a charm.This particular pan is a good size for many cooking needs -- big enough to cook for up to four people, but not unwieldy. It's deep enough to add a whole bottle of wine for braising (with room to spare) but shallow enough to use a spatula without contortions. Rounded corners can be deglazed with a whisk.All in all, the entire Calphalon Tri-ply line exhibits an intelligent, traditional design, with thoroughly modern "stay-cool" handles (very comfortable and well-balanced) and flared pouring rims.If you are torn between a copper tri-ply pan and a VERY EXPENSIVE  stainless-lined solid copper 2.5mm pan (like Mauviel, Bourgeat or Falk) here's a quick way to help you decide: go to an upscale kitchen store and handle one of those fancy French solid copper pans. They weigh a TON -- they're at least twice as heavy as tri-ply. And they cost at least twice as much. (They give you great bragging rights, though...)As always, watch for sales, and also for bogus mark-up/mark-down pricing (very common here.) The Calphalon company website clearly shows the legitimate suggested retail price.
Nice features - low price. This is a great little fryer. It cooks enough for 2 servings at a time, do not overload. It has a nice list of features. The basket is very handy, the temperature guage and ready light work well and the lid with vents and a filter help reduce the grease smell in your house. Some foods with a lot of moisture will not fry well with the lid closed and even with the lid closed you will not eliminate the odor completely. I set this up on my stove when I use it so that I'm able to use the exhaust fan as well and then I am able to eliminate all of the smell. It cleans up nicely and I'm able to store the oil in it between uses for weeks.The previous reviews clearly were not using as this is intended. I suspect they were overfilling with oil/food/both
Great value!. I bought this set for three times for serving 12 people!  I also bought a lot of the additional to the set for my whole kitchen. Great investment!  I love the feel of these dishes.  Very nice smooth feel but all the bowls look slightly different, the slight inconsistancys make you feel like you have a set of hand-made set!
No other bottle opener compares. This is a great bottle opener because it is deceivingly heavy and sturdy and I actually prefer non-twist off beer bottles now simply so I can use my trusty bottle opener.  I plan on buying more to give as gifts because it makes a perfect accessory to a house-warming gift
love it. It's even more than I expected. It's strong and holds all of my pans, including the cast iron one. Compared to all the others I've seen, it isbetter and less expensive.
Best griddle you will ever own!. In 1970 I was given a set of Presto waterless cookware along with a pancake griddle.  At that time they didn't have non-stick griddles.  Through the years the handles broke, but the grill fit over my stainless steel sink, so no problem.  In 1999 I figured it was time to replace it with a new one.  I really loved it because it never stuck and once again I could rely on it.  In 2002 I started a Pancake Breakfast to raise money for our club.  It started with my Presto grill and soon I added a second one.  Over the next 18 months we raised $3,500 with those two grills, serving pancakes, french toast, bacon, etc.  My 3rd grill is still going strong and puts out our Sunday breakfasts at home.  It is so refreshing to be able to depend upon the quality of an appliance these days.  Thank you Presto
great kitchen tool. found this to be very useful... I make cheesecakes often &amp; once they're chilled, I had a problem finding something large enough to accomodate a 10&quot; cheesecake to another plate.... VOILA!!!!! this works wonderful...
Soft as Butter. I have never had a blanket as soft as this.  Everyone should have one.  I am slowly buying one for everyone in my family.  This would be a Great Gift
Great product for all sponge needs - esp. the George. This is a great product. Cleaning the grill used to take at least 5 minutes, now it is about 1 minute. I cook about 5-10 meals a week on my George Foreman Grill and these sponges make cleaning it a breeze. I also use the sponges on pots, pans, dishes - and have found them to be excellent for those uses as well. They last as long as a regular sponge and when they start to show their wear, I use them in the bathroom.
chrome is better!!. chrome is better!! REAL CHROME!!! If color doesn't matter for you, white is also good. Drink tastes the best! I brought for $18.48 including shipping with two filters for the white Pur Ultimate Faucet Mounted Horizontal Filtration System and $20.49 is for the chrome one. It was a BIG sale! Chrome is way better!!Try it!!!thanks
Basically, My Farvorite Popper. I rarely write reviews, but after reading some of the bad press this popper is receiving, I felt it was my duty.  First let me say that I used to be a big fan of the Whirley Pop Popper.  It was great, easy to use, clean, etc.  However, after a while, it started to look "beat up" and sometimes popcorn would stick.  I then decided to purchase the teflon coated model.  This was horrible, as the teflon came off, I believe, on the second use.  So, I was feeling pretty defeated, when I came upon this model by "Back to Basics."  I decided to give it a chance and I truly feel that was a great decision.  This item is study and well constructed.  Many reviewers have noted that the temperature should be set at medium to medium high and I think this is important.  But, always be flexible and see what works on your stove.  Mine is a ceramic cooktop and medium high works very well for me.  I take mine apart completley for cleaning and just pop it back together for the next usage.  Sometimes it is a bit tight, but it isn't that big a deal for me.  Always use fresh popcorn and be sure to dump out the pan immediately after it is done cooking or the steam will turn it to mush!  If you are in doubt, I hope you will take my advice and give this a try.  Enjoy
Great Oven Mitts. These are the best oven mitts I've ever had.  They provide excellent heat protection AND still allow you a GOOD grip. In fact the grip these give is one of the best features of all.  I don't know how I lived without them.  They're easy to wash off too should you accidently spill something or touch something with them. Hightly recommended!
Raclette Grill Tefal: great!. We received the raclette just on time.It is just a great raclette grill. Not only you can grill cheese, but also vegetables, shrimps, tofu etc on the top plate. Of course the top plate is working well too to keep your baked potatoes warm in a bowl.Well, the raclette is working well, it's easy to clean and pretty light to carry. Easy to store in its box as well.We just had to buy small spatulas to "slide" the melted cheese from the small skillets as you do not want to scratch them since there are T-Fal.And hey, people we have invited so far for a Raclette Party have been delighted!!
Good Refrigerator. I compared this one with many other compact refrigerators before purchasing.  I think it is the best one in its size and price range.  Others did not have the small but efficient freezer compartment nor the variable temperature control which I set at around the halfway mark which seems to be the perfect setting.  The max setting comes close to freezing things on the top shelf.  I have it under my desk in my private office.  Our building has vending machines with mostly junk food and sodas.  Now I have healthy carrot sticks, yogurt and fruit juices anytime I feel like having a small snack as well as a place to store my lunch.  The freezer compartment holds an ice tray and is large enough for an additional one or two ice cream cups or other small frozen items.  The only negative point is the noise when the compressor comes on.  Being a compact refrigerator, it does turn off and on more often than the larger ones.  I may be more sensitive to it because I am in a very quiet office.  Overall I am very satisfied with this refrigerator
Presto 18-Quart Cooker/Canner. Bought this for my husband who cans deer meat.  The 18 Quart size is perfect and is very easy to use.  Amazon offered it at a great price and it arrived super fast. We highly recommend this Cooker/Canner
never wash a litter box again. It takes an  extra minute to put on the box but you will never again be washing or worse, dripping cat pee out of the box each time you change the litter and liner. Absolutely claw proof. Absorbs odor and liquid. Will last about 2 plus weeks with three cats. More expensive but worth it
Retro Cool. I bought this stool for my daughter to use in her 6th grade classroom.  It serves as both a step stool for retrieving needed materials on top shelves in the classroom, and a place to once in a while sit in front of the students.  She loves it!  Lori thinks it's the coolest (and it is!) addition to a classroom, and the bright red color makes it a happy fixture in the room.  So while this is  very servicable item, it also looks retro cool to the students.  Sharon Perkins, Cordele, G
If you are considering buying any other canner......... send me the money and I'll throw it away for you.  I received my Grandmother's when she passed away and have more that pleased with it.  I can't add anything the other reviews other that mine is over 30 year old it is in perfect shape.  I've been told that my Grandmother sent 1000's of cans through this in her day and I intend to do the same.  The company's web site is very good if you need replacement parts but I doubt you'll ever need them.  I had my local Ag extension agent test my gauge (the original) and it is still accurate enough for canning.  This is the only part that should ever really need replacing since it does not have a seal.  I am fortunate enough to have the old school Instruction and Recipes book (list price 60) that has canning recipes that I have not been able to find anywhere else.  Buy this and pass it on to your grandchildren!!
black leather excecutive chair. I made an awesome desicion when i bought this chair from amazon. I recieved it faster than what i thought and the chair is what i thought it would be
Great replacement filters. Great replacement filters, good value (3 pack).  Hamilton Beach should, however, package them flat (not folded), so they can be installed properly on top of the main filter
best coffee grinder. easy yo use, plenty of power, large burrs, best grinder i have ever owne
MultiCat Hungle Gym. The cat's enjoy it alot.  It was easy to put together and they really like it
Hepa Filter. Great product works as expected.  I have had this HEPA filter in my bedroom for 2 years now and it works great
Coffee Grinder Extraordinaire. I've had this for about a month now - Great!  It doesn't bog down with dark roasts or flavored roasts like my old machine.  And the grind!  Boy, is it uniform!  Very little static with the glass container.  No muss, no fuss.  About the only negative I can think of is: a couple of beans don't make it all the way into the grinding mechanism.  The little brush that comes with it gets most of them, but the design allows a couple to get hung up (no big deal).  I love this thing.  It's all whole beans for me from now on
better than the Mr. Coffee Tea Maker. I have owned two Mr. Coffee Tea Makers and they worked well but the pitchers always crack.  This one is much better because the tea does not run down the side and crack the plastic pitcher.  It drips in the middle so the heat won't hurt the container.  I have only used it a few times but it works good.  The only reason I didn't give it five stars was due to the size of the pitcher.  It is a little small and the lid has a whole in the top so if it were to sit in the refrigerator for a couple of days the tea might pick up the taste or smell of other things
Good Trash Can - Lousy Sticker. I just bought this trash can to replace an old one. It was easy to assemble and works really well. The only complaint I have is that it is IMPOSSIBLE to remove the sticker. Unfortunately, they put the huge sticker right on the front of the trash can. Bottom line: Nice product, lousy sticker
Awesome!!!. I decided it was time to have some decent cookware.  I had a Circulon wok, and I loved the high/low nonstick, so I decided to go with Circulon.  So far I'm very satisfied.  I've been using the set for two weeks now, and it is easy to clean, very non-stick, and works great.  I love the glass lids on the pots and the silicone handles help with grip.  I'm no gourmet cook, but the set seems great to me.  A great value (I bought it for $99 plus shipping)!!!  Easily the best non-stick cookware I've owned.
Awesome for dorms, tea drinkers. This kettle is amazing.  It's simple -- you plug it in and flip the switch (a light turns on to let you know it's working).It heats very quickly, &lt;5 minutes for a full kettle of boiling water and if you only want a cup or two for tea, it heats in about 3.For students in dorms, you can use it for oatmeal, soup, tea.  Automatically cuts off after boiling for a minute, so no worries about fire hazards.  Great product, I use it every day.
Joyce Chen Unlimited Scissor,red. I discovered these scissors several years ago and they are wonderful. They will go from cutting a chicken bone to cutting fine paper for a gift. I am buying more for my children and friends
refills. No complaints other than the price. These have an extra lining to reduce chances of kitty surprises soaking through. :
Beautiful TV Stand, but arrived with a large scratch on top. I bought this from target along with a few other Hudson pieces.  It looks great and seems to be very sturdy - was very easy to put together with the help of a friend and electric screwdriver.  My only problem was when it arrived it had a Large scratch across the entire top piece. Normally I would return, but too much of a hassle and I really do like the TV stand.  I have a 42' TV so it covers most of it anyway.  Would highly recommend - hopefully  it will not arrive with scratches.    Also, shipment was VERY fast received it the next day!
Absolutely love it!. I bought a silk comforter to keep at my parents' house, as I sweated too much with a down comforter... but still wanted the softness and comfort of flannel. This duvet cover is PERFECT! I love the star design, too. Just an absolute gem. I wish it was available in queen, so I could have one at my own home. ;)
Great if your fish are looking for a snack!. Not to be bought if you want to hatch ALOT of baby brine shrimp... but great if you want to hatch an occasional snack for your fish or to have around if the power goes out.Nifty, easy to use product
Awesome - makes my cat young again. My cat was really hurting.  Took her to the vet and after Xrays they said that she had Arthritis, they put her  on these pills.  I found them through Amazon at a much cheaper rate and a trip to the vet to pick them up is now advoided.  My cat takes them daily when she is in a flare and then every other day.  She has been on them for about a year now and I notice a big change in her ability to move pain freee.  She seems to be running and jumping and playing much more now.  My 10 year old cat is like a kitten again!
Hot coffee many hours later, no burned taste. Very impressed. Good tasting coffee that stays steaming hot 8 hours later. We bring the carafe and Sunday newspaper to the upstairs master bedroom and enjoy coffee and crosswords for hours. No problems with spills from misaligned baskets and carafes. Also looks great in the new kitchen
Works as advertised. I purchased this item and promptly used it to form a loaf of bread which I baked.  It worked well as advertised and I am pleased with the purchase
A Serviceable Tool. It's hard to rhapsodize about a laundry hamper. However, the Whitney does all that's claimed. It's sturdy enough to last a long while, yet light enough to move about with ease. The wheels roll well on any indoor surface. (I haven't used it outdoors.) The canvas bag is commodious and durable. It does well all the things it's designed for. And that's as close to rhapsodizing as I'm going to  come over a laundry hamper. Recommended
Whitney Design 5503 3 Pack Magic Storage Cube. These containers are great for toys and shelf storage.  I ordered two sets and use them all around the house.  They are durable and my 5 year old likes to carry his toys around in them.  Highly recommended.
Kitchenaid food processor. It is everything I thought the food processor would be its quiet, chops well. Has two bowls large and small for different size chops and multi blades. Very easy to clean up
calphalon pan. I am so over nonstick--even Calphalons.  I have been gradually replacing all my nonstick with uncoated cookware.  This Saucepan really rocks.  I use it all the time.  I don't have to worry about scratching it, and I really haven't had much trouble with clean up.
Fabulous not-too-mini pans. I've always enjoyed making smaller cakes and loaves of bread.  They're good for portion control, they're nice as gifts, they're easier to store, and they're cute.The problem is that you get all of your pans filled, and then you open the oven door, and place the first pan (make sure it doesn't get stuck between the wires).  Now for the second pan... and the third... and did you notice that your pre-heated oven is no longer so pre-heated?Having the small pans connected to each other solves this problem entirely.  You have one (or two) objects to stick in the oven.  None of them will get wedged funny between the oven rack wires.  They don't slide around the way a cookie sheet filled with mini loaf pans always does.  It's so simple.I also like the size of this particular pan.  It's not as dinky as some of the others.  One of these feeds two people nicely.  And it doesn't rust, or have a cheap non-stick coating to flake off.  All in all, this is the best mini-loaf pan solution I've ever used.
Almost Perfect. Look.  I suck at using a normal iron.  But, after reading some reviews decided to try a press out to decrease my dependence on Dry Cleaners.The results are pretty good.  As I have gotten better using it the results have gotten better.  Plus, there are some fabrics and materials that iron much easier than others.  I just did a couple of long-sleeve dress shirts and the results were good.  Not perfect, but good.As others have said, I wish it were bigger and wish the top plate opened higher and with the back hinge was farther back to give me more room to work with.  But, once you understand the right method of doing it the back hinge isn't really a big deal.  More height clearance would be nice, though.It won't be too long before it pays for itself.  And, now I have no excuses when it comes to wearing clothes that are wrinkled!  Plus, I'm pressing my golf shirts which typically didn't look that good after being washed, but were too expensive to get dry cleaned...I also just ironed an undershirt just for fun.  Now THAT was an easy shirt to iron.  :
Love it!. I purchased the 5.5 qt. LeCreuset oven after recommendations from Cooking Light, Cooks Illustrated and reading others' reviews.  I only wish that I would have purchased this great product sooner! I have been inspired to cook more and try new recipes.  I have also purchased the 2 qt size based on another suggestion, along with the cookbook "Glorious One Pot Meals" by Elizabeth Yarnell. She has lots of yummy recipes all designed around using the 2 qt size- for 2 servings.Although the oven is heavy and somewhat difficult to handle at times, I would definitely recommend this to anyone who values quality cookware.
Drinkwell water fountain a hit!. Our cat loves the Drinkwell fountain, so much so, we had to get the Drinkwell resevoir to add to it, so we had a good supply of water on hand at all times
better than the 99 cent basters by far. this is a big improvement over the cheaper basters I have always bought.I store the tips inside the tube when I am not using it
These are GREAT pans... puhhlleeez. Polished stainless steel is NEVER going to look brand new after use - at least not the pans' interior.  It will discolor and scratch a little bit but the fact is that this is the best cookware out there bar none; I love these pans just as much as my All Clad. Although the All Clad handles stay a little cooler I believe the Kitchenaid is of higher quality, better balanced.  It is WAAAAYYY better than any supermarket brand.  The lids are deeper draw lids than All Clad.  These are GREAT pans in both the stainless and hard anodized versions.  I love 'em
a pleasant surprise. I was prepared for something flimsy ... but this product is fairly sturdy, considering it is nothing more than a giant screened bowl (two actually). The extensions work well, the cushioned arms are good stuff. Well made. It's nice when a product exceeds your expectations
$12 makes me think of ice skating pairs. Don't drop her!The deluxe Polder ironing board would be dangerous without some kind of restraint.  Two over the door hooks won't work with this board.  The pieces were easy to put together. The hook plus deluxe ironing board were not too long for my door's length
FARBERWARE 9X9 SQUARE CAKE PAN. I JUST BAKED AN APPLE PIE WITH IT. EXCELLENT HEAT CONDUCTING & SUPER EASY FOOD RELEASE! THE PIE CRUST IS SO CRISPY & NICELY BROWNED. COMPARED TO CALPHALON COMMERCIAL GRADE, FARBERWARE PERFORMS THE SAME, OR EVEN BETTER IN FOOD RELEASE (DUE TO THE SILICON COATING), BUT WITH ONLY LESS THAN HALF OF THE PRICE! GO GET ONE ALREADY
nice and sturdy. Very pleased with the overall product.  Easy to put together, nice and sturdy, plenty of desktop space and has a convenient little drawer for odds and ends. Only a few tiny drawbacks; there were a couple of small nicks and gauges in the wood and the little knobs that are to be inserted in to the screw holes we too big, they kept falling out. Still, it a great product and I am very satisfied!
Spectacular. This is a kitchen item I wouldn't want to be without, it gets constant use.  Never used a cooking device that I could brown, steam and cook in such a short time with better results than a slow cooker, microwave or the oven.  From Asparagus to Pot Roasts and Soups it never fails.Best purchase I've made in years.  The real plus about it is the removable non-stick liner, makes cleanup a snap
wow, what can I say. I loved these knives right out of the box.  They came sharp and feel great.  I was finally moving out of the parent's house and needed some knives.  With the free block and steel from Amazon you can't go wrong.  I looked at all the sets for weeks and in the end decided that I would rather just buy what I needed, instead of settling for what came in the sets.  I have found that I am rarely happy with prepackaged sets of anything.  Therefore, this was a good starting point to which I added a bread knife and plan to add pieces if I need them (I doubt I will, but I may just fill the block :).  I bought these sight unseen from Amazon and could not be happier
Great mitts!. These oven mitts are great and I really like the fact that there is a super strong magnet making them easy to have handy on the side of the fridge.  They are also long enough so that I don't burn myself once again on my convection oven that has the heating element just inside the front door.  Only reason I gave these a 4 instead of a 5 star rating is because of the fact that they are quite large and bulky.  that being said they work great and I never feel the heat coming through them.
Great spoons. These spoons are great. I love the size and they do not stai
Clear up confusion... An earlier reviewer has inadvertently posted incorrect information. The item she/he refers to is Farberware #52112 which is a squarish crisper "chip tray".  The item being sold here on THIS Amazon page is Farberware #52113 which is indeed a ROUND 13" Pizza Crisper. Both items and the complete Farberware line can be viewed on the Farberware website farberwarecookware.co
nice material. These pillow cases are great, nice color, nice material.  When washed and dried they come out nice and smooth.  I would liked for them to be a little bit longer, but the quality is great
good water glasses. I bought these to go with my Riedel Vinum wine glasses because the Vinum water glass is just too small to be useful.  These are just right for a water glass, nice big bowl and a short stem.  They have the same cut edge as the Vinum glasses, and you really wouldn't know that they're not crystal by looking at these and the Vinum side-by-side.  Note: the box they come in isn't very strong, and the glasses can break in shipping.  Amazon replaced my broken glasses with no questions
Hello, Kitty. My kitty loved these mice.  She really got into chasing them around.  The first day I got them, I dumped the whole box of 60 onto the floor and she had a blast.  Unfortunatly, she was "stoned" for two days.  I've done my best to keep my kitty away from cat nip, and I had no idea these were treated!  Now, I'm not upset about this by any means.  We all had a good laugh, and most people think I'm silly for being against cat nip anyways.  However, I wish I would have been aware of the fact they were treated.  No matter, my cat loves them."Oh no, my kitty's addicted?  I'm a bad mommy.""No, Kaleigh.  You're the best mommy ever.
Sturdy Spatula. Sturdy well made spatula. Perfect for use in 12in to 16in woks.  For the price you just can't go wrong
Good little vacuum for light work. I got this vacuum as an alternative to using a "dust-buster" on my kitchen floors everyday. I have 4 large black dogs and white kitchen floors! I got tired of bending over to dust-bust, but I didn't want to get a huge vacuum that I had to drag out daily to clean the hair up. This vacuum is a great alternative. It is light-weight, plugs in so it doesn't have to be charged, so it works as long as you need it to, and it does a great job on hard floors. It does decent on carpet, but I still use my regular vacuum for the carpet areas. I love this thing. It is awesome on pet hair, dirt, you name it. Although it doesn't get anything that is wet, but for the money, you can wipe up the water before you vacuum!! :) Overall this is a great buy for someone who frequently has to vacuum hard floors in a quick and easy way. Hope that helps
Best flatware ever!. This is the best flatware I have ever purchased.  It is HEAVY and large.  There is a distinct difference in size between salad and regular folks and the soup spoons are outsized (it is hard to tell from the pictures).  I have had $120 sets of Oneida and the Wallace has them beat.  We have very hard water and after a month of diswashering, their luster has not dulled.  I would recommend these to ANYONE although Amazon's "original" price of $210 is a tad inflated - even Macy's regular price is $110
The Best fan ever. This is our third Patton fan. We have one for the upstairs and a small one that we move around. ONE of these fans is more than enough to push a very large volume of air through the house. They are very well made and run forever
Love it. I love my bowls- I have lots of these pieces and really like them a lot. Amazon was great-shipped way before expected and customer service was great.
no oil, no mess, great popcorn in no time!. I've had my popper about 10 years rightn now, and this thing still works great. Pops most kernals, a bit sensative at first. Once you get to know your microwave with this, works well everytime. I had this in my dorm room and it saved me a bundle not having to buy bags of popcorn. Highly recommended.
Perfect fit under a Senseo Coffeemaker. I like a big mug of coffee, and the Senseo coffee maker just does not have that much room under the spout. My tall mugs don't fit, but these do perfectly. Just a note for fellow Senseo lovers
Nice Pan. This perforated Pizza Pan crisps crusts and makes a wonderful pizza. Clean up is easy. Just scrub with soap and water, rinse ands dry. So far nothing has gotten stuck in the holes
Delonghi for the long haul. i bought this for its retro look and asthetic chrome gleam, but was i surprised to find it works wonderfully. i have had for 6 years, with no problems. it still toasts my bread and bagels evenly, and even cooks toaster hashbrowns. this is a top notch toaster, and still looks like new.
Hanging shoe bag. This item is exactly what I was looking for.  Lightweight, durable and doesn't take up too much room.  A great little item!!
Good All-In-One. This machine works pretty good.  The person that reviewed this machine and has five kids to wash for bought the WRONG machine.  This is not a heavy duty large family machine.  Anyone would think this machine could handle the laundry of five people in two loads needs expand their horizons and look at high capacity washers.  This machine is for couples and singles in apartments not the Waltons and certainly not the Brady Bunch.  For the price you could have bought two maytag washers and two dryers and did your laundry in the four hours you say one load.  I know someone that will buy your machine for under $300 if your interested
Great product!. I have been using this shower filter for almost a year.  Within 2 weeks of using it, I noticed a difference in my skin and hair.  My only complaint is that the filter needed to be replaced after six months instead of one year
ONE OF A KIND PAN. Pan is much larger than expected but happy with it anyway.  In fact when I ordered it the price was double this amount so recently ordered 2 more
Great!. I received these for my wedding.  Unfortunately we cracked one of the bowls.  I love the colors of the bowls and other items.  I had to buy this one to replace our cracked bowl.  This was the cheapest place I could find single items for this dinnerware set
top notch coffee glasses. Well made, very light weight. Great for using with a mug warmer, your drink will stay nice and hot. Better than any ceramic coffee mugs
Great for gourmet sauces!. Will no allow a sauce burn, handles heat as you want it to. Cleans up in a snap!
Good basic fryer!!. This is an excellent basic fryer, and longstanding excellent track record from a company you can trust.  This cooks enough to feed several people, and it does it evenly, and relatively fast.  Sure, it's no health food, but it is nice for a change of pace once in a while.  Does great with fish, shrimp, french fries, chicken strips, ect...  Only down side is that unlike newer units, this does not have a lid that closes while cooking, which would prevent the occasional splash.  Great unit, you should like it also.
Just the casserole I was looking for. I wanted a covered casserole that was good for steaming vegetables in the microwave and baking hot dishes the oven.  I have the 6 qt covered casserole and a variety baking dishes by Emile Henry and love them.  All my Emile Henry products bake evenly and are easy to clean.  I always start with Emile Henry when looking for ceramic bakeware to add to my collection
Perfect Skillet. Ignore the other review for this item.  Ben K clearly doesn't know the difference between a pot and a cast iron skillet.  This Lodge enamel cast iron skillet has a traditional cast iron finish.  It has a consistent permanent enamel bonded exterior and is of typical Lodge high quality iron with the signature Lodge double handle found on all of their skillets.Ben K clearly wants an enamel coated pot and not a traditional Southern black iron skillet.  Further he incorrectly spells the name of the only other major manufacturer of enameled skillets and cookware; It is "Le Creuset".  What he is actually looking for is one of Le Creuset's enameled iron pots not an enameled iron skillet.I hate it when the ratings of quality cookware are slagged by novice cooks who don't know their elbow from their poophole.  Both Le Creuset and Lodge make very high quality enameled skillets except that Lodge's are considerably cheaper and Lodge's are manufactured here in the United States.  Purchase either of these fine companies' skillets and enjoy
Nice accessory piece. This is a very nice addition to compliment the set of Pistoulet dinnerware.  The colors are vibrant yet subtle and very well crafted
Love the purifier, car ones are worthless. Love the purifier. I have a 1000 sq ft townhouse, so use this one downstairs. (bought this exact one elsewhere, but didn't get 2) - it's a great price if I didn't already have one.. I bought one for $100.  I know when it's time to clean it, because it makes a static noise, almost like a bug zapper.. but not that loud.The car ionizer is useless to me. First off, when you plug it in, this annoying blue light comes on, and you can't turn it off. At night, it's really distracting while you're driving, and I didn't see a difference in my SUV. My vent air freshener works better than that thing
Firm and Plump!. This pillow is very plump and firm. You will need to find a larger pillowcase for it because stuffing it into a standard case makes it feel too firm. That being said, I love this pillow and will purchase more
Rival Deep Fryer. I like the fact that it is dishwasher safe (all parts except for the heating element). Storing oil in the fryer is an option but if you prefer, you can empty the oil pan into a bottle and wash the pan in the dishwasher too. No more stinky, rancid crumbs in the bottom to deal with.  I also like the thermostat and timer
Does the job!. I bought this fan on the recommendation of a friend.At the end of a hot day, the temperature inside of my apartment is higher than outside.; this fan takes care of removing the hot air and bringing in cool air from the outside.It barely fit the width of my window, but extender can be purchase afterwards if that`s a problem. Very easy to install and operate, there is a thermostat so the fan turns on when the temperature gets too high.Perfect for smaller rooms.Also the price is definitely right.
it's ok. As others have mentioned before, it doesn't hold that many dvd's so I too would probably have to get another one to fit our collection.  It's smaller than what I thought but it does look nice
Wonder cloth. The MysticMaid is best microfiber cloth on market - does everything including glass ceramic stovetop
SO SOFT. THE COLOR IS MUCH PRETTIER THAN I HAD THOUGHT AND THEY ARE SO SOFT TOO
Breathtakingly beautiful!. If you love fine china and you are a Teacup collector, this set is worth the investment of $20.  It's beautiful!  The pictures just DO NOT do it justice!  I will definitely be back to purchase other sets from Royal Albert
Great Sheets!. Nice, big, soft sheets. Cal King size was very generous - fits well after washing. The color was a little different than the picture, but it's a nice rich pea green so I didn't care. Post-wash wrinkles are not as bad as some other high thread-count sheets I've purchased.
sleek and easy to clean. This scale is beautiful, low profile, easy to use and easy to clean. Its everything I needed for a good price
good swivel/small seat. The chairs look great and seem well constructed - I am keeping them - but I wish the seat was larger... had a bigger diameter
Quality and function, exceptional. We wanted a gate that was low enough to step over and that would not mark or damage cabinets or woodwork.   We were extremely pleased with finish of product, ease of assemble and it's functionality.   Wood is solid and appears to be cherry, nice metal spindles and rubber feet.
Deni 3200 Meat Grinder. I love this product!  We use it mainly for grinding chicken breasts.  I find it very easy to use and extremely easy to clean up
Great Quality and Value. I bought the first set because they seemed well priced compared to the terrycloth style we usually use. They are of high quality, good color and do hold their shape. I have to remember not to use a dryer sheet so they have increased absorbtion rate. Very pleased.
Awesome!. First let me say that this product arrived to my home faster then I expected, especially since it was right before Christmas.  The product itself is great.  I had just purchased a new, very expensive wooden cutting board and I wanted to be sure to protect it.  Someone at the store where I bought the board suggested that I get a "food grade mineral oil".  I really had no idea about this type of product but once I started searching the web for info, I found that it is the best thing to use to keep your wooden boards like new for years.  I was unable to locate any of this oil at the stores that I go to normally so I turned to my tried and true friend, Amazon.com  Sure enough, they had this product.  Once I began using it, I could tell right away what a difference it made in how my new cutting board looked.  I typically use my board every day and have been using the oil once a week.  The board has stayed "fresh" looking with no lasting cut marks and no water damage after wash ups
Great size. This is a great size for ice cream, salsa, etc.  The shamrock is a beautiful color
Shun Chinese Chef's (NOT CLEAVER) Knife. Certainly not a cleaver, the edge geometry of this piece of very fine cutlery dictates its use for effortless precision chopping, slicing, and mincing -- rather than wedging through bone. Owing to its combination of solid heft and a ridiculously keen edge, it's the perfect tool for making nearly translucent slices of harder fruits and vegetables without being overkill for just mincing a little garlic (and its just slightly curved edge permits adequate rocking for the job without compromising too much area that squarely hits the cutting board). Its Rockwell hardness rating of 61 (in comparison to 57 for highend European blades such as Henckels and Wusthof) ensures a long lasting edge while also enabling it to be beveled to a sharp angle (16.5 degrees rather than the usual 22). I hone mine with a Shun steel once a once a week as a sharp knife makes for a safe one. This is the most reached-after cooking instrument in my kitchen (as one can crush garlic and scoop cuttings with its sides, use the front/bottom corner similarly to a pizza roller, and tenderize meats with its back edge). Nevertheless, it is not suitable for paring, filleting large fish, cutting roasts, slicing bread, or cutting through bone. For these tasks, Shun makes fine parers, Suisin crafts a stunning yanagiba, Forschner produces great, economical carving and bread knives, and Global sells a very good meat cleaver
Adequate Filter Replacement. I've used these for years, and its getting harder and harder to find these, except for at Amazon.All you have to do is find your model on the template, cut it, put it in place and secure it with the velcro.
Glad I didn't have to buy a new fountain. We have had our Drinkwell Fountain for over 5 years.  My husband put the reservoir in the dishwasher and it warped.  We thought we would have to buy a whole new fountain since that was all we could find in the stores.  We tried to use the fountain without the reservoir, but it seemed to run out of water CONSTANTLY.  The new reservoir is wonderful
Great pot!. This pot is everything I expected it to be. It's beautiful and works great. I knew to expect it to be heavy (and it is) but since that was about the only con between it and a pot that cost about $100 more in the Cooks Illustrated equipment test, I decided to save the money, and I'm happy with my purchase
best little tool ever. This little vacuum does everything above the floor and also hard flooring surfaces without tiring me out and with great results. I'm very glad I sent for it.
I love it!. This is a great juicer.  I have to admit it's my first, but I did a lot of research to find just the right one.  I was most concerned with clean up time and low RPM to keep the enzymes from over heating.  This one is slow rpm, and very easy to clean up.  The juice is not warmed too much.  Vegetables juice beautifully.  The pulp comes out nice and dry.  Fruit does well too.  I did blueberrys, they came out rather pulpy and mushy, but still got juice out of them.  I really like this juicer a lot!  I'd recommend it.  It has a nice chrome look as well
Coat  Rack. For the price this coat rack is sleek, heavy duty, and asthetically pleasing.  I am glad that I purchased it
The everything storage container!. I have five of these units, and I absolutely LOVE them!  I use some in my son's room for toy storage (we put picture labels on the front to help him keep his toys organized), I have them in the top of my closet to hold sheets and comforters, and I even use them for my scrapbook supply storage!  These are very versatile for any type of storage, and very convenient.  You can stack them 2 drawers high to go under a table, or 8 drawers high to take up less floor space.  I stack them 3 high for my son's toys, which is the perfect hight for him to reach all the drawers himself and safely pull them out or put them away.  I love the handles on both sides, great for carrying my projects around with me, then hiding them back away when I'm done.  If you are even considering these for storage I would definately reccomend it!  I don't know how we lived without them
Worked like a champ. I used to live in a quiet neighborhood with three yappy Australian Shepherds, one of them next door, and two more on the other side of it (so they were two doors down from me).  I was skeptical, but the dog were driving us nuts.  I installed a Bark Free (before the Super model was released), and the dogs quickly learned to shut up.  It was remarkable.  They would still bark once or twice if they got super-excited, but it stopped nearly 100% of their bored "I wish someone would let me exercise" barking.  I only considered using the Ultrasonic mode.My only other word of advice is that a competitive product, the Dog Silencer Pro, is a worthless piece of garbage, and even in "Ultrasonic" mode, it produces a piercing screech heard by everyone, including humans.  Avoid that one at all costs
best tortilla maker ever made. I've own my tortilla maker for 4 yrs now and it still works greatcomming from a large family we always have many family gatherings and the tortilla maker is always a hit. we love the taste of fresh flour tortilla and the process it quick and easy i'ts nice not have to work so had to make delicious tortilla i would recommend this product to everyone, it has my life much happier.
Wow - this product is fantastic!. I thought I'd give this a try for my yappy chihuahua mix.  I did not want to try a shock collar, but I was concerned that this collar would be too large for her (she's only 8 lbs).  Although it looks a little large, she doesn't appear uncomfortable at all.  And WOW did this work!  The spray stopped each barking episode on the first bark - immediately.  After the first 2-3 days,  she is barking less in general and doesn't have to wear the collar all that often.  It's been 5 days, and I don't think she will need to wear it forever.  This product has been a total lifesaver, and my dog is happy too.
I love this electric kettle. Easy to use and heats quickly.  I use it for a group tea once a week and it is fast and easy.  Everyone loves it
Wusthof Culinar Cheese Knife Set. Superb cutlery.  I can't think of a task re: cheese that it can't take care of.  Costly? Yes, but of the highest quality, razor sharp, very useful, and aesthetically pleasing to look at.  Some things in life must go beyond mere utilitarianism, and this is one of them.  You can get the same results for much less money, but they won't look like these tools
Slow heat-up, but great results. I've had this about 4 months now, and it's a great press. Better, in my opinion, than the le cruset version (which is smaller and has a too-small press).The downside to this one (and probably any cast iron panini press) is that it takes at least 5 min to heat up. I've only had good luck getting the press hot enough to toast with once I've let it heat for even more than that.Definitely spray some cooking spray on it the first few times you use it. Otherwise, bread sticks like crazy to both sides.I'd recommend this pan
Amateur Barista!. From the first time I used this machine, I've made delicious, rich cappucinos!  My first pump driven machine.  The pods included are really quite good, and I have tried other brands since.  I enjoy grinding my own, but the pods are so much less messy.  I recommend this
Great Buy - very functional!. Delivery of the product was very fast.  In addition, the coat rack is very simple to put together and sturdy and best of all it looks great
Great Little Mini Chef's knife. Can't say enough about this bitty slicer. Perfect transition between the 8" Chef's Knife and the 6" Utility Knife. Perfect when you want the control of an 8" Chef's knife but don't need the heft of a full Chef's knife. Perfect for smaller hands. Ultra Sharp so be careful. Beautiful and classic finish. Highly Recommended
Great Dinnerware. It's Fiesta, what else can I say, its a party in a box
Great Gift Item. This turned out to be a great gift for my son's teacher. It came excellently packed, and is beautifully painted. I expected it to be bigger, but that was just magical thinking. It is exactly the size advertised
This is our first food processer. This is our first food processor. Did a lot of looking before making this purchase. It's easy to use and clean.  Made Salsa with our garden fresh tomatoes the day it arrived.  Makes slicing a breeze.  Great price from Amazon!  No complaints of any kind
Love This Machine. I just love this little machine. It is not complicated at all!!It really made machine embroidery fun and addicting and I haven't even used the Disney desgins yet. It's a very light weight machine and stores away easily. I have had mine for probably about 3 years now and never had a problem with it. Your sewing area is only 4x4 but you really can do tons of projects in that size hoop.You don't have to purchase expensive embroidery machines because this is a great value! Of course you will still need to purchase the PED Basic software and card reader to get your designs from your computer to your machine.
Handy.....not Heavy!. Love my hamper....fits in the space I have for it perfectly.  So easy to grab and carry to the washer
crystal review. Excellent crystal.  Very classy yet versatile.  Quick shipping and Amazon was great to work with
Surprisingly sturdy... Which is what one of my concerns were when I purchased the set on Overstock & paid twenty dollars more than they are listed here. Still I like the way food cooks evenly. All of the glass lids fit snugly. The pan that is used for "frying" which I don't do much of does show heat discoloration inside bottom of it after my husband fried strips of chicken. The other pans have no discoloration even though I have boiled water (to cook rice)(which turned out perfect & didn't stick)& it looks like new. Clean up is easy. No need to scrub.I bought the set about four months ago & so far I am pleased with the the look, the feel, the durability & something I totally unexpected is that the stainless steel handles stay cool to the touch!The glass lids have a small hole in them for the steam escape route which is perfect. The handle of the lids also stay cool.I grew up cooking with cast iron & stainless steel only. As an adult, I too fell for the "silverstone" cookware. T-FAL was some of the worst silverstone cookware I ever had the displeasure of cooking with. A gift from my dear Dad, I never told him...he was convinced it was great cookware...and now of course we are told it's unhealthy to cook with silverstone.  I threw it all out & decided to go back to all stainless steel & cast iron.I will continue to revamp all of my kitchen wares & gadgets with stainless steel for durability, longevity, & oh yes...I think it is good looking.Thinking about purchasing a second set for my expanding family...from Amazon.com this time!
Factory-Reconditioned KitchenAid Mixer. Although I have only used the mixer a total of 7 times since my purchase I am pleased with its performance.  A friend who visited at Thanksgiving said hers is much quieter and that mine sounds like it has a loose bearing.  Oh well. All I know is that it works for me.  I am pleased with my purchase
Great Press. I have been using coffee press methods for decades.  This particular press is a real value at its price.  I have been nothing but happy with it.  The travel cup which comes with it is fantastic for gourmets on the go.  My only complaint, but not enough to lower my rating, is that a trivit of some kind should have been provided for the glass bottom
great for tall women. I am 5'10", with hands to match.  Knives with the traditional handle are just too small and my hands cramp up if I have to use them for a while.  The handles on these are thick and solid and ergonomically curved.  Great for a woman with larger hands or your average guy.  Wouldn't recommend them for a small woman because of the handle size and because they are a heavier knife overall.  My only negative with these knives is that they don't have an ID on the end of the handle the way another company (is it Wustof?) does, which makes it easy to find the knife you want without pulling them out to check
Wife loves it. Gave it to her for Christmas and she loved it - she made me gain 250 pounds in two months from eating pancakes ;
Cookie Cutter(s). I ordered various cookie cutter sizes and shapes.  I was pleased with them all.  They were shipped quickly and packaged carefully
great steak cut with great steak knife. Used them last night to slice through a 1" New York Strip from Hirchs Meat Market in Plano, Tx. Best Steak cut with the best knife.
Good product!. I am potty training my son, so I needed a good waterproof mattress pad but didn't want to spend a lot of money.  This fits the bill.  It's lightweight but sturdy, and has already stopped one naptime accident from soaking through to the mattress, and held up well in the wash so far.  Has a nice feel, and it doesn't seem to make him overly warm as some waterproof pads do.  Our mattress is old and thin by today's standards, but the pad seems roomy enough that I think if we got a new thick mattress, it would still work.  Very pleased with this purchase
Global is simply the best...and my wife really likes them. My wife is the Iron Chef of the house, but I know a good thing when I see it.  Both of us swear by this brand.  They are much more expensive than going to Walmart, but not bad as far as "quality" knives go.  They are well made, balanced, and look classy as well.  Definitely my favorite.  I plan to get the wife every type of Global knife ever made
Four stars for what you're getting for the price. I wasn't overly impressed by the quality or thickness; these are not luxurious, ultra-thick towels, but they're comparable to the highest-end towel you can get at your local big-box store.  Although they fluffed up better and felt softer and thicker after the first washing than they appeared when I took them out of the package, I did notice the loose-threads problem that some other reviewers have mentioned.  For the price, however, I really can't complain.  We'll definitely get some use out of them
Great product. I love this set.  I have a lot of the Sango products.  Amazon is a great company to deal with
Great buy. I would never think to review a utensil holder, but this one needs an applause!  I had a typical cylinder holder, and I was always jamming my utensils into it.  This one takes up much less space and fits more!  The bottom pops off so you can clean it thoroughly.  Give it a try!
Worked as advertised-too much fun!. The only negative on this product is that we use it too much! My granddaughter loved building her own pizza and it came out wonderful.  We get our pizza dough from Trader Joe's for $1.09 and it made a wonderful crust.  We are going to try and make our own dough next time in our bread maker.Bottom Line:  The pizza taste great, everyone has fun making their own pizza, and it only takes about 5-7 minutes per pie
This machine is spectacular. I can't say a lot about this machine that hasn't already been said. The build quality is excellent and the coffee is the best I've ever had, consistently.I had avoided automatics for a while simply because pulling a shot seemed like such a romantic notion. Hah! Switching to a schedule that kicks off at 5:45 AM makes anything 'automatic' look a whole lot sexier. I am setting aside $$$ so that when this one finally fails (and that should be a while - this machine demonstrates superior engineering), I can dart right to the store and buy another.And, although I think microfoam might be another romantic notion (if it tastes good and wakes me up, I'm good), the previous reviewer might want to check his or her water quality - I have deliciously pure backwoods North Carolina well water that gives me superb crema
2 years later, still working perfectly. I bought one of these about 2 years ago, and I'm now in need of a second one.  Reading the reviews here, I'm wondering if they've changed the construction or something, because the one I bought is still working as flawlessly as it did the day I bought it..
Far nicer than expected. Purchased this as a gift and was very suprised with the heft and the quality of this pan.  If you are looking for a great pan at a great price you won't find better.  Would buy another here if I needed one
Remanufactured iRobot Scooba Floor Washing Robotic Hard Surface Cleaner, Assorted Colors. The Scooba is a dream.  It vacuums and mops in one sweep.  My floors have never been cleaner!  Highly recommend
Easy to assemble and looks great!. This is a wonderful purchase for the price.  It really looks even better in person than in the photo!  I am a 25 year old female, and I found it quite easy to assemble.  It only required a phillips-head screwdriver.  I highly recommend this piece.
Easy to assemble, quality chair. We just got this chair, and Metropolitan sofa from Target for our sunroom.  It has a great modern look, and a solid feel.  I assembled this very easily by myself in less than half an hour.  Chair cushion is firm.  This is a beautiful chair that goes well with the Metropolitan collection.  Great for a modern or retro look in your room
A Great Bowl!. This is a nice heavy bowl that is a wonderful size too.  Makes a perfect bowl to use as a center peice or to serve side dishes in
Emerilware Stainless 10-Piece Cookware S. Bought this set for my wife and she absolutely loves to cook with these. She says they cook very evenly and you should always cook on a low flame. Cleanup is easy just follow the directions that come with the set.
Love it. Although I have a cast iron skillet from another manufacturer that is used primarily for cornbread, this was my first piece of Lodge cookware. I absolutely love this piece.  At 28 lbs., it's a little big and heavy for frequent dishes that can be made in a smaller DO for just our family. However, until our 12" comes in, I've learned to modify the coal arrangement to use the 14" deep for breakfast casseroles, home made pizza, cobblers, chicken & dumplings, etc... The size makes it excellent for doing racks of ribs and whole chickens.  I'm looking forward to winter camp cooking when it will be filled with chili and stews. Based on our experience with this one piece of cookware, we ordered a 12" for the camper and I just ordered 3 skillets for the house. I'm throwing out all of my "nonstick" skillets and replacing them with Lodge cast iron. Clean-up is a breeze. Even cheesey home-made pizza wipes out with just a paper towel. The pre-seasoning is an added bonus.Years ago, my parents insisted that I have at least one piece of cast iron cookware. I can't believe I waited 16 years to purchase more!
Great pantry. I have two of these units for storing canned foodstuffs in.  I generally like them, although they do have a few disadvantages.  First, they tend to be a bit unbalanced.  If the cabinet is empty and you open both doors, it will tip forward.  Second, like other units in this product line, the plastic handles have a tendency to strip out where the screws hold them to the door.  Finally, they weigh a bit, so they are a bit awkward to move around.&#60;br /&#62;&#60;br /&#62;I don't need more than the two I have or I'd get more
Works well, Gift recipients loved it!. I gave this as a gift to a couple who enjoy cooking together and both love lots of garlic! They have raved about it and both use it with equal ease. I asked if they have any problem using it when needing lots of garlic and they said that the time it takes to clean it out after peeling a few cloves is minimal compared to the time it saves overall. Not as messy to clean up as some suggest. And it isn't one of those gadgets that gets tossed to the back of a drawer and forgotten.  This couple use it frequently because it works so well.
Most Excellent. I own two of these. The 500 model at home and this one at the office. Both worth the money. Had a small problem with my first one. They sent a new one and picked up the postage for everything, very impressive. That's why I bought another for the office. I appreciate things that look sharp and work well.
Air Purifier. I use this air purifier in my office and I think it helped keep me from getting sick this winter.  I definately recommend it
I concur with the first review: Absolutely ESSENTIAL for readers!. This book stand is an absolute necessity if you're a college student, and even if you're reading for leisure. I love having my hands free to drink a coffee or snack, or anything else I want to do.
love this knife!!. I found this knife in a magazine and then ordered it through Amazon and I am very pleased with it.  Not only is it very unique and pretty, but it's actually a very sharp and well made knife
Good Filtration But... We purchased a new Whirlpool refrigerator earlier this year.  The new refrigerator has all the marvelous improvements developed in the last ten years for refrigerators, including a water filter.The water filter really does deliver better water.  However, the water filter seems quite expensive to me.  Whirlpool, and other manufacturer's that use this type of filter, recommend the filter be replaced twice a year, whether you need to replace the filter or not.The filter is relatively easy to replace, but be aware of what happens when you pull the filter.  To remove the old filter you push a button next to the filter, typically to the left of the filter.  Then pull on the cap covering the filter and pull the filter out.  Make a note of how the filter was oriented when you pull it out.The filter will now begin dripping water, so have a paper towel or small bowl available to let the water drip into.  You can either let the filter finish dripping into a sink, or throw it into a plastic bag that you can seal to keep the water from dripping out of the bag.  Be sure you remove the cover from the filter before you toss it.  On our Whirlpool the cover twists counterclockwise for removal.Install the filter cover onto the new filter.  It takes just a twist to lock it into place.  Holding the filter so that the two straight pieces on the end of the filter are vertical, with the open portion of the filter cover oriented on the bottom, slide the new filter straight into the filter cavity until the button on the left clicks to let you know the new filter is locked into place.  Note that these instructions are for a Whirlpool, but I believe most other refrigerators are similar.  You should be ready to go!Had I known refrigerator water filters were so expensive I might have gone with a refrigerator without one, though our local water has a lot of chlorine in it (which is filtered out by the filter).As with many modern conveniences, this water filter represents a convenience that you did not know you needed until you had it.  Now that I have it, I am wondering whether I want it since I have to spend a chunk of change each year in filter replacements.  Oh well.  I guess I can sleep more soundly knowing that the water filter is now removing a bunch of stuff from my water that my body either did not want or need.Good luck!
Excellent Starter Set. This makes a very good starter set for me because I only needed to replace  the 3 knives that I use everyday in my cutlery set.  I am not a great chef  but using these knives seemed to make me feel close to being one because of  it's sharpness and smoothness.   I believe in the saying &quot;You get what  you pay for&quot;.  At first I thought these were a bit expensive for my  simple lifestyle but once I've started using them, I felt good about  cooking.  Cutting carrots, slicing tomatoes and meat were a breeze, my  wrist felt lighter.  That's when I know I made the right choice
Absolutely PERFECT... This skillet is the perfect size: big enough to cook two "kissing" over-medium eggs at the same time (or a generous omelette), yet small enough to fit on one of the small back burners I seldom use except to boil water. I can leave this skillet sitting on my stove, opposite my Lodge double grill/griddle, and cook up a bodacious amount of food without having to shuffle things around so much.The 8" was a little too small to cook eggs for two people...so I gave it to my son. The 9" is absolutely perfect for me. I like to clean/maintain my cast iron by swiping it out with a paper towel after cooking, while it's still warm, and then just leave it in place on the stove without having to lift it over to the sink--except on those rare occasions that I burn something onto it and need to scrub it off under water. I've cooked in cast iron this way for 35 years and haven't gotten sick from it yet
Excellent for the price, however slightly on the big size. Got this from amazon for 49.99 with free s/h as a every day set.  Amazing price!  I was considering getting cheap ikea silverware at 10$ for 4x4pc settings, but am very glad that I went with this Oneida set.  What sold me on this product is the fact that it was 12 place settings, which means if some are lost or damaged, there will most surely be an intact set of 8.The included wooden organizer is a convenient and thoughtful addition.  The utensils are sturdy.  The forks are huge in that the dessert fork is about as big as my previous set's regular fork, and this sets regular fork might be able to pass as a small serving fork.  I don't really mind, but if you are interested in small utensils, this may not be the set for you
Great vacuum and bags. I purchased the eureka filter bags with the eureka upright Boss 4870GZ for my mom.   She loves them both.  The cord is really long on the vacuum which makes it easy to do several rooms at a time.  She lives in a one level ranch so she does not have to go up steps with it, because she does find it a bit heavy.  Beware the vacuum had to be assembled upon arrival.  I live out of state and she had to get another relative to help her assemble it. The add never mentioned that small detail!  Someone over 65 should not have to assemble a gift vacuum! I bought the Hoover Wind Tunnel 2 years ago, for myself and it's a peice of garbage. The lever to keep it upright broke, the attachments fall off the hose when in use and everthing gets tangled on the roller!  I am thinking about purchasing the Eureka soon, for myself! I reccomend it
Very Handsome and Comfortable. Friends were surprised that we hadn't gotten this at an expensive furnature store, its very good quality, the cushions are very thick.  Packing boxes could be more sturdy there was minimal damage in the travel, scratches.  But very happy with bench, also bought the chairs and table
Perfect for a tall cup of cappuccino!. This mug is just plain beautiful--the shape and the size is perfect for coffee lovers.  My husband is a big cappuccino drinker and has been using the jumbo cup.  But then I saw this mug on amazon.com and decided to give it a try.  We are glad we did.  I just love the shape--I can't decide if I like the cappuccino mug or the pedestal mug more.  We love both so I decided to get a few of both in different colors.  The only drawback with this mug is that if you don't drink your coffee fast enough, it doesn't stay as hot.  But that is what microwaves are for.  Get this mug--you will love it.  I don't think my husband has used the jumbo cup since we got this in.  I don't blame him.This reminds me of the carafe--I just love the shape.  I don't have use for all of them but I just want to keep collecting them in different colors because of how beautiful it looks
Best sheets I've ever bought. Soft, comfortable, perfect.  I came back to buy more. I want to throw the rest of my sheets away.  I was reluctant to buy sheets without being able to touch them first, but am so glad I took the chance
food steamer. I love this steamer, I use it just about everyday. It does exactly what it says it does. Great product!
Love it!. I bought this one as a replacement for my previous VillaWare non-stick pizzelle baker, that I had for about 15 years.  It got a workout, trust me.  This one is even better.  The dough doesn't ooze out the sides like the old one did, and I don't get the dreaded steam burn on my hands from the handle.  There is a typo in the quantity of baking powder for the traditional Italian pizzelle recipe, which I've reported.  It states four tablespoons, it should be four teaspoons!  Easy to clean, fast to heat up, fast to cool down, and makes a wonderful pizzelle.  Life is good
Good buy!. We use this comforter set in our master bedroom and we love it. My bed is a queen size, but we bought the king size because my mattresses are very thick. The king fit perfect, we had to "adjust" the skirt to fit but the comforter was just the right size. It has a beautiful pattern on it and everyone that sees it compliments us on it
Great Griddle. I use this griddle all the time.  I was a little bit bummed when I saw the same griddle at Kohl's for about 1/2 price!  Works great though
Awesome Dyson Part. This tool is awesome for reaching under stuff, something the big Dyson doesn't do well. They should make this standard equipment instead of after market purchase, but still worth every penny..
Better than you know who!!!!. I recieved this machine as a very early x-mas gift, I was always @ *bucks spending $5 3-4x daily, withen 10 min. of unpacking this machine I was drinking the best latte that I ever made. Forget those cheap machines that try to emulate espresso, as you know, you get what you pay for and it's proven with this beautiful machine, I was just a little surprised that the clock bezel was plastic but it is very good plastic!! the Machine is heavy,solid and very well put together, solid brass pumps and parts, a true work of art, I look at it as a fuctional sculpture for my kitchen!!!!! Happy brewing !!!
An incredible machine!. I bought the Vita-mix turboblend 4500 two months ago and have to say it is the most worthwhile appliance in my kitchen. I originally used it to make smoothies high in phytochemicals which require a 3 horse power motor. This does an excellent job pulverizing even avocado seeds. However, it purees soups beautifully. No need to add cream for a richer texture. There are a lot more possibilities for this blender which I am looking forward to discover. Easy to clean and maintain. It is an excellent investment
Problem Solved!. Problem: Dark staircase. No A/C outlets.Solution: Maxxima MLS-01 Occupancy Sensor LED Lights.We placed one at the bottom and one at the top of our staircase. The sensor knows day from night, thus saving battery life. The light is bright, but not over powering
Great buy!. It came within 3 days of ordering even though I was warned it could take 10 days.  Very easy to assemble, even came with extra parts.  Very sturdy and looks great!!  Fits perfectly in my kitchen.  My only issue is the groove around the top that is supposed to catch meat juices.  It is hard to clean. Other than that I love it
Crockery rainbow. It's all true: Fiestaware is classic, colorful, beautiful, colorful, durable, colorful, microwave and dishwasher safe, colorful and just plain wonderful.  Buy some!A WORD OF CAUTION: the pictures here (at least, on my browser) do NOT match with the actual Fiesta colors.  If color is important to you, check out the dishes in person before placing your order!I own the 4-piece set in Cinnabar, Scarlet, Persimmon, Sunflower, Shamrock, Juniper, Cobalt and Plum.  A vertiable rainbow in the cupboard. Food looks great on these plates (and after reading these reviews I'm pleased to discover that I'm not the only one who picks the plate color based on the menu!)  I'm also the proud owner of 4 large cobalt soup bowls, very handy for main-dish salads and juicy pasta sauces.I'd love to see Homer Laughlin offer a different type of set - I rarely use the mugs from this 4-piece set, in fact I might actually offer them up on ebay -- but would delight in a small sauce dish or something instead
Perfect heater for small tanks. I bought these for my 2.5gallon killifish tanks.  These heaters take up very little space in the small tanks, since they are flat.But be aware that these heaters don't have temperature controls, so the water temperature will change when the room temperature changes.  My tank temperature ranged from 92F to 70F with the heater plugged in from May to December.  I had to unplug the heaters on very hot days.  It seems that these heater will raise the water temperature in a 2.5gallon thank by 8 to10F over the room temperature.Finally, all 6 mini heaters that I own have been reliable for 8 months now, and all are consistent in how much they heat the same volume of water
Wsthof Bird's Beak Knife. This Wsthof-Trident Classic Bird's Beak Paring Knife is in my top ten list of most-used kitchen cutlery. I like this handy little curved knife for peeling and paring most fruits and vegetables, except potatoes, which I prefer to peel with an OXO peeler. If this knife is kept sharp, it can even be used to take the rind off of citrus fruits. If you like to make decorative food items or garnishes (like radish roses and carrot curls), or watermelon baskets or sorbet-filled oranges and lemons, then this is the knife for you. (A small fluting knife also comes in handy, too.) I hone mine with a steel frequently, and I also have it sharpened professionally as it doesn't sharpen well with the Chef's Choice electric sharpener. If you buy a set of Wsthof knives, and this one isn't included, you'll want to add it to your collection. Also, I hand-wash and dry this knife and keep it stored in a wooden block
Awesome. Easy to hang and they hold so much. It looks great in my home office, very contemporary/modernesque
orthopedic seat cushion. I have been using this cushion for a couple of years now.  I use to be able to buy it at Walgreens but they no longer carry it.  I was so happy when I found it on Amazon.  I have several of the cushions around.  I keep one in my car, one at home, one at work, and now I have one to travel with.  I take it on airplanes when I travel.  I have broken my tailbone twice and the shape of the cushion takes pressure off of the tailbone.  I have recommended it to relatives and friends and they all pruchased it and love it
Fits Specialty Bed. The product came in a slightly damaged plastic cover pouch...there was a smudged dirty smear across the damaged pouch area, which came out with Laundering. Other than that, the sheets are great. The Lace needs starch and ironing. The fitted sheet fits over two twin beds that are made for individual remote adjustment positions of the mattresses, these two beds are put together to make a king bed. This product was a Christmas Gift and it was well received
The best ever!! Perfect!!! The best in the Line!! Better than the 5.5 cup!. People who are addicted to Zojirushi may change their mind when they discover how great the Sanyo ECJ models are!! I have the ECJ-F50S, pretty much the same as the D55S but with a thicker titanium coating--3.5 mm!! The 5.5 cup only has 2.5 mm thick titanium coating. It's super durable and cooks rice perfectly! We have been using rice cooker our whole life and this is the best we have used so far! If size doesn't really matter, go for the 5 Cup F50s model, that one is much better!
Wife gave it 5 star. Just like the title said, I bought it for my wife and she loves it (and yeah I think it did a good job)
Works Well & No Smell!. I've been using the first iteration of the machine and the fluids for almost 3 yrs now. I'm not sure why people would use so much. On my machine, the tank for the cleaning fluid/water mix, has a cap with a built in measurer. We use about 3 oz per cleaning and mixed with really hot water, it does a great job! We've never had an odor problem either when cleaning or afterwards. And compared to some of the fluids my wife has used when she mopped (and occasionally still does) the floor, now those stink! As long as the machine keeps working, I'll keep scrubbin'
Nice. This towels are probably what most would expect. They look nice and have become my preferred kitchen towel - I cook alot. I would look elsewhere if they were used primarily for drying dishes as they aren't extremely absorbant
nighty nite pillow. Pillows are hard to judge without giving a trial run, the pillow is tall for me, but some people prefer a tall pillow, memory functions well and all in all is a quality pillo
I liked it so much I bought it twice. I just bought my second one.  The first alarm hangs in our kitchen and does go off with a nice loud alarm when I seriously scorch dinner.  It's easy to turn off with the huge button in front.  No false alarms here, only goes off when there is smoke nearby
Very portable and usable but freezes up easily. I got this as a sort of "extra" frig for drinks in the summer.  However, it freezes up easily and can't be adjusted for temperature.  It is lightweight and portable, working well for a drink chest for parties.Also, the plug in that comes with it was missing.  It only plugs into a car outlet--I had to buy the adapter to use it in the house.Given the choice, I'd probably go with a small refrig that adjusts temperature.  However, again, I like the portability of this product
Embrace the bucket!. My husband loves popcorn and we didn't have a nice bowl for this purpose, the container was either to little or the diameter of the bowl was to big and the piece would take too much space... We love this popcorn bowl, first because it's huge and also because it's fun to look at. You feel like embracing the bucket and munching on popcorn till it's over.
An actual review of the BOWL and NOT CS. I have a bunch of these bowls and they get used daily, many times over. Perfect for cereal, soup, snacks, etc. Great for making oatmeal in the microwave, the oversize and tall size prevents that nasty spillover mess. I love these and wouldn't be w/o them. The finish has stayed bright and shiny through many dishwashings, highly recommend
Quality and style at an exceptional price. I purchased this rug a few months ago for my studio and absolutely love it
Le Cruset Stoneware 2 Quart Pitcher. Wonderful product! Great gift with many uses. I have given them for wedding gifts, birthday presents and just bought them for family and friends. Very durable, microwave safe, chip resistent and beautiful color and finish.
Twin Cousine Cheese Knife. Great for cutting uniform but thin slices from even the biggest, hardest hunk of cheese! Love it!
Hello Kitty Toaster is a must have!. Now, I don't know whether you are a die-hard Hello Kitty fan or not, but you gotta have this! The numerous different settings, the awesome design, and the fact that it's HELLO KITTY makes it worth it's weight in gold. I had been looking for one of these cheap and I ended up getting one for the holidays! So that worked well. These toasters are cheap as they come online here, so grab em and go! Good luck if ya get one! (*the hello kitty waffle maker and juicer rock too!
great. I am really liking this. I have an electronic litter box and this one. I am liking this one better because the automatic liter brush tends to break up the clumps meaning I still need to scoop. This one, I don't need to scoop at all.
Bread Machine - Breadman. The Breadman Corner Bakery is not only a great breadmachine but it makes butter and desserts.  It has been excellent
good little vacuum. I would give 4 stars if i could.It works fine, sucks like crazy!I must empty the dirt cup after each use andbang out the filter. There is no need to go crazycleaning the filter. It will be messy two secs after youturn it on again.The attachments work well. the only gripe i have is the attachmentsattach to the unit so low its very difficult to use them foranything at eye level or above. Ive tried putting the uniton a chair to raise it but this scares me as an accident waiting to happen but otherwise a fine purchase. And ive had it several months and it still works well
Cute mugs!  For cat lovers!. This mug is microwave and dishwasher safe.  A great mug for a large cup of cocoa or coffee.  Makes a great christmas gift for a cat lover
Krups Carafe. When my original Krups coffee carafe broke, I found a replacement at Amazon. The price was competitive, the carafe arrived promptly, and my coffeemaker was complete once again. Amazon is always prompt and dependable
NICE QUALITY. I have lots of blankets and my favorites are definitely the Cotton woven ones when it comes to elegance and quality.  These are Egyptian cotton woven blankets, they are lightweight yet do the job of warmth. These are great blankets with a satisfying price.  This is indeed "Charter Club" and I have purchased these at the department store. There were no flaws and it was just as I had hoped.  NOTE that this brand's SAGE color is more of a MINT-I would say.  I also purchased, on AMAZON, the "Primrose Sage Cotton Woven King Blanket" and it was more Apple in color and was perfect for our bedroom.The blanket pattern is basket weave and I would purchase more in a heartbeat, for the price. I am using these on my new burgundy leather couch--for now. The new kitten and the other animals seem to like having a blanket to sit on 'cause the leather is soooo slippery.  I would also use these on the back of any of the couches, chairs or on beds.  They adapt to any decor and it's something you can be proud of. Blankets like these sell for lots of money in stores. Buy with confidence!!!
As designed, these do a great job. Used these this morning for making crumpets for Xmas breakfast.  Worked beautifully.  I didn't have to try to keep all the crumpets the same shape, didn't have to chase the batter all over the skillet.  Very handy tool.  My only problem was that my largest skillet will only hold 1 at a time flat (the second starts climbing the slanted side).  So it took a while to make a batch, but maybe I just need to invest in a larger skillet! :)I shut one of them in the drawer this morning, and it didn't damage it or warp it out of shape at all, so they're pretty sturdy.
Great product. I am really happy with the purchase. First of all, it was for a great price... the product is great.... no oil is necessary, cleaning is really easy... great to make frittata coz goes straight to the oven from the stove... i love this product... its beautifu
Elegant and Impressive. These beautiful glasses really light up a party table set for champagne drinking.  Not only are these beautiful, they are wonderfully balanced in a way that tall champagne glasses frequently are not.  These glasses are a great excuse for champagne or prosecco every day
My first "real" dishes. For my 2nd apartment I decided to get real dishes instead of the hodge-podge I had from dorms and thrift stores. I could not be happier w/these dishes. The price was reasonable and they are incredibly durable.  I really like the plum-it's a rich purple and it was easy to match it to other fiestaware.  I liked the color so much I got the mugs and 2 other kinds of bowls to match the dishes. It was a great deal and it will be easy to add to my kitchen set.
Don't let the low price fool you.  This is a great machine!. This machine represents the most incredible value-for-money on the market today.  It is very, very easy to use, and the manual is exceptionally helpful.  It comes with every foot and accessory you could ever possibly need.  In fact, there is nothing more you can buy for it.  Compare that to the other sewing machine manufacturers, which give you only the most basic feet and then you must purchase everything else separately.  If you have been hankering for the convenience of fully computerized sewing, automatic needle threading, push-button sewing, and lots of fun stitches, don't hesitate.  I highly recommend this machine.  I've owned very expensive machines from all the top manufacturers, and would not recommend it if the stitches were not beautiful or if it were loud or junky.  This was given to me as a gift (I'm ashamed to say I would probably have walked right past it because of its low price) and I love it so much, I have gone on to buy the Brother serger here on Amazon, and also a $999.00 Brother Innovis, which is another tremendous bargain.  I was really pleased to see that even the more expensive machine uses the same bobbins and feet as this one, and this has many of the same features.  This $200 machine comes iwth virtually all the same attachments as the $1000 one.This is the machine that some of the larger sewing and quilting expos are using in their workshops now because they are so lightweight, easy to learn, and reliable.  High end Berninas and Vikings are just too complicated for people to sit down and learn at in a classroom setting, and they are way too expensive.  This machine is the Featherweight of the 21st century, with tons of stitches and fun built in.  Go for it!!
De longi expresso maker. Great and easy to use, However there is limited space between the filter head and the drip tray so only small cups will fit in the space
Cristal D'Arques Longchamp Old Fashioned, Set of 4. Nice product - have used this line of glassware for years.  Only concern I have is that the glasses are not as thick or heavy as the glasses this company made a few years aago.  This will make them more prone to chipping or cracking
It work!. This product works!  No more red wine drips on the tablecloth.  Especially good with the larger bottles of wine when you have a crowd over, (but it works equally as well with the standard size bottles, too.
Excellent Quality. I purchased this saucepan to replace a pan that I really liked and hated to have to throw away.  The quality of this pan far exceeds the pan being replaced, so I have a new favorite saucepan.  I would highly recommend this saucepan to anyone looking for a good quality, multi-purpose pan
Worth the $. I have to admit that I initially grimaced at the idea of spending over $100 for a knife sharpener.  But after splurging on several Global knives I didn't want to skimp on the sharpener.  Two or three swipes on the diamond sharpening steel and the knife is as sharp as a razor.  Yes, even Global knives will loose a little edge with normal use.  This is a must have for keeping them honed.
Really helped increase the life of my knives. I've used this twice now on my set of not-so-great knives. They were duller than dull--dangerously dull, but this sharpener brought them to a level of sharpness I don't think they've ever had
Fits perfectly, not "crunchy". I bought this mattress liner for my child's bedroom and it is just what we needed. It is nice and smooth, not noisy at all and fits the mattress perfectly. Fortunately, we have not tested its "waterproof-ness", but I anticipate it would work well should that situation arise
Review for Electrolux vac bags. Great bags, hard to find in retail, fast shipping, will buy again....thank yo
Makes feeding baby easy. I've had this food mill for about a month, and so far I really like it.  It's relatively easy to use, and cleans up quickly in the dishwasher.  I was worried that it would only grind up soft foods, but that hasn't been a problem.  I've ground up pasta, rice, meat, veggies, and yesterday I ground up a gyros, and the food mill worked great.One thing I don't like is the amount you grind up is relatively small, and my son (despite being a finicky eater) can eat two or three times as much as the food mill contains.  Another thing I don't like is that it can get messy, especially when I'm trying to add more food to the mill.  My aunt told me she took it with her to restaurants, but I definitely wouldn't want to use this at a fancy restaurant.This also isn't appropriate if you want to make large batches of food; I would stick with the blender for that.  But if you just want baby to be able to eat dinner with the rest of the family, then this is a great buy
A great buy!. I bought the 45 piece set as a birthday gift from me to me, and absolutely loved it! I was inspired to then add the covered butter dish, coffee mugs, fruit dishes and coffee server. Everything arrived very quickly and in good shape--except the coffee server. The handle was broken. I immediately informed Amazon and a new coffee server was sent out the next day. This set is so beautiful, I feel like cooking just so I can set the table and eat from this elegant set of china!
THE BEST PILLOW EVER!!. Really, this pillow is perfect in every way.  I have had neck pain so long i lost track. I found this on amazon, ordered 2 and what a great idea. If you have any type of neck pain YOU NEED THIS PILLOW
filters. We received the filters in two shipments, which was perfectly fine, as we only needed one box at first. We ordered a double shipment to save on shipping and it is nice to have them on hand when we need them next. These filters are difficult to locate in nearby stores, so this is easy to order through Amazon!
Made Right. OXO wins again with these oven mitts, a terrific product that will feel like the oven mitts you grew up with - but without the seeping heat!One caution, if you have big guy hands guys - these won't fit, they're just a tad too tight.Oh, what else is cool? Throwing them up against the fridge - the magnets in them hold right on; so easy
margarator review. I gave the margarator as a gift, so far they are happy with the product
Top Notch Knife. Grade A Blade, Bolster, Edge. The handle is solid but the only drawback is that it is somewhat heavy on the back end, and definitely heavier than a Wusthof handle
rachel ray pans. These are the best design yet for multiple pans on the average stove top. The non stick coating seems to be the best yet
The end of the toaster oven. The Dualit 2 slice toaster is a dream come true. After using a toaster oven for years and getting horrible toast, I finally purchased the best appliance I have in my kitchen. The toast comes out evenly toasted to your selection of dark or lite. The one side toast feature I've used on bagels & rolls is outstanding. It is well constructed & easy to clean. As you can tell, I love it. So long toaster oven, Welcome Dualit
A good basic knife. I purchased this after my 20+ yr old Chicago Cutlery kitchen knife blade chipped. Only drawback to the new one is that the wooden handle feels a bit rough; however that should smooth out with use.  A good buy for a good price.  I expect it to last as long as my first one
Simple and convenient. I recently bought this coffee maker and am impressed with what I got for the money. It's utterly simple to use and it's basic, a nice difference from the expensive and complex machines out there. I'm impressed. If you want to fill up your travel mug, it's perfect because that's what it seems meant for. It comes with a travel mug. Anyway, I've only had it for a couple of weeks, and can offer just two possible things worth considering: First, for some reason you have to unplug the cord from your outlet once the coffee is done. That has taken some getting used to. Second, once the coffee seems done, I have to put a coffee cup in place of the travel mug to catch drips. There is a removable drip tray, and I'm still getting used to figuring out when it's done and when I can pull the travel mug out from under the drip-thing. So the price is right, it comes with a permanent filter so buying paper filters isn't necessary, and it's simple, looks nice and is easy to use. So far I really like how it has simplified my life. The best part is that I was able to throw out my Cuisinart piece of expensive coffee-maker junk.
TV Top Shelf. As I had previously purchased the single shelf at a local discount store I sort of knew what to expect. The surprise on this one was the quality. Far better than the one I previously purchased. It is very sturdy and a good investment
Geez, it's NOT that hard!. I bought mine about a month ago and I can tell you that, never having seasoned a wok before, I managed to read the short  (5 step) instructions and now have a perfect wok.  I love my wok and use it frequently.  Yes, there are other, more &quot;modern&quot; materials out there, but I find the traditional wok to be affordable and easy to use
FIrst Rate Table Cloth. I ordered this table cloth just to have one for when company came over, but now I've ended up using it all the time.  It is great looking and has a wonderful beading property when fluids are spilled on it.  They don't soak through and are easy to clean up.  This is a great product at a great price...highly recommended
Fantastic. The best Salsa, The best Pesto, and Salad dressings made with this food processorwe all should have one
It is nice to have something that really works as advertised. I have tried a number of different knife sharpeners over the years and have always been unhappy with the results.  Even if I carefully followed the instructions on how to sharpen a knife they never seemed to be any where near as sharp as when they were new.I read a report on knife sharpeners in Cooks and the M130 was the highest rated and the most expensive as I recall.  We decided to order the machine and it really works.  The knives are actually as sharp as they were when purchased.  You could probably open a business sharpening knives with this machine and it would pay for itself.  You could also impress your friends and family by sharpening their knives.I recommend this machine
Flip it is awesome!. As a military spouse, we move, and have different types of floors that need cleaning.  I have hard floors pretty much througout every room in my home, and also in our previous home abroad.  The Vaccum side does not work well at all, but I prefer to do a good sweeping first no matter how I mop.  In comparison to sponge and rag mops, this leaves the floor pretty dry, and the suction is great.  As long as you empty the tank and keep it clean, and use just a minimal amount of cleaner in the clean tank, it works wonderfully.  It's about half the work then regular mops and cleans twice as good as regular mops and swiffers, that generally just push dirt around.  I believe it's worth the $$.  I've had mine for two years now
Easy and useful. The cart came in perfect condition and on time.  The assembly was easy and the cart is very sturdy
Popcorn Popper. This popper makes great popcorn!  Only complaint was it was slightly damaged in shipping (ding and dent on each piece.)  This did not affect the performance of the popper though.  The dings were not bad enough to go thru the return process.  We are very happy with the quality of the popper
My Search Has Ended. Great humidifier. Great output. Easy to use dials (one for humidity control and one for steam output). Quiet. And best of all, easy to clean. I've had many different humidifers over the years and this is by FAR the best.NOTE: The first time I turned it on I thought it was broken. No output, no lights, nothing. After a few minutes it got going. (I've since read that this is normal.
Excellent fryer. Easy to use, easy to clean. Two major requirements for a kitchen appliance for me to be happy. This thing is easier to clean than my old George Foreman Grill (and that to me was a pain in the neck). The only time it can be a little messy is when you change the oil, which I do every 2 to 3 weeks depending on how much I've used it and what I've cooked. If I'm doing just veggies, I keep the oil. If I do a meat or seafood, I'll change the oil right after.Very pleased overall.
Good product for the price. Definitely yes.  Arrived on time.  Cant really ask for more for less than $30
Keeps on Hanging. The wife put it up and it is still holding the numerous pots that are placed on it.  We had a small space and it is quite a nice shape and size for a limited space.  I especially like the "brushed metal" look that I believe highlights the pots and pans rather than detracting from them
Beautiful colors and quality. I purchased the multi colored butterfly kisses and the Christina sheets (green and white stripes with hot pink flamingos) in a twin.  The colors are vibrant and the sheets are a nice weight.  It's a good deal and they both mathc adorably to my sweet pea green iced denim TH comforter
picture is not quite accurate. It's a nice little vacuum for the price. As expected, the carpet brush isn't really powered. But more to the point, the illustration shows the rear wheels as red plastic with a black rubber outer rim. This is *not* the case: the wheels are all-red and all-plastic, and I don't think I'd be comfortable using this on a wooden floor becuase of scratching.
The rice cooker. My family used this rice cooker for 15 yrs. Compare this to the Tiger brand, it is better. We were able to use the Tiger brand for only 2 yrs and it burned out on us. We don't know what happened. I heard that some of Zojirushi rice cookers are made in China, in lieu of Japan like the olden days. I hope this one is made in Japan and last as long as the old one.As for some of the complaint about the sticker falling off after less than a month of usage, the sticker is supposed to be peeled off when you open the box. It is like a seal plastic bag that you need to open when using it. It is very easy to peel it off, so it's not meant to stick on the cooker at all.
Works well with caramel. Quieter than expected. I was concerned that this wouldn't work or would be very noisy. I was pleasantly surprised to set it up for a party filled with caramel and have it work really well. Everyone enjoyed it and it was an event for the party itself.Be careful when comparison shopping this item. This one does NOT include chocolate, others do. The box comes with a place for chocolate but you'll notice the description does not include chocolate.
Can not BELIEVE this deal!!. This comes just as pictured with the bottle and the spout. It has a rubber graduated stopper, so it could fit on slightly smaller bottle tops if desired. The oil stream comes out perfectly, not too fast, not too slow. It doesn't have the cover on the tip like more expensive models, but the curved style prevents dust from falling into the bottle anyway, so it hasn't been a problem whatsoever. The bottle is a rugged, thick glass, and the spout is rugged as well. I've knocked the bottle over by accident several times without incident. And no oil has spilled out when it has fallen over either. As far as the oil going rancid, no problem with mine. I've had it for a couple of months and haven't had any change in taste. I'm no connoisseur, but honestly, this just doesn't even seem to be a problem. Perhaps over a really long time it would be? At this price, you could just add a cork for a cover if you were really worried. I LOVE this product. I keep two of these on the stovetop, one with EVOO and one with vegetable oil. It looks so nice, and it is so so handy. GREAT purchase!I plan on getting several, adding garlic to one, home dried thyme to another, basil to a third, etc... a little drizzle and a bit of vinegar yield endless salad dressing options, or a little drizzle on pasta and a bit of cheese, or a toasted crusty bread with a flavored oil drizzled over the top, a slice of tomato and mozzarella cheese melted up on top... mmmm
The PERFECT cork screw. This is just an unbeliveable item. It works so easily and perfectly!!!! We have given this as dinner gifts to which everyone has really used it and like it. Just can't say enough about it.
Good, simple gift item. I gave this item as a gift and it seemed to go over well.  The quality of the knife was what I expected, given the low price
Wonderful flavours with minimal work!. I love my new tagine,it's brilliant.The tagine does all the work,there's little other than prep for the chef.You'll be amazed by the moist delicious food which emerges from this vessel.An excellent addition to any serious kitchen
Beautiful set at a GREAT price!. These are the real Riedel for a fraction of what they sell for in the store. The set comes with 4 glasses and the Merlot decanter. The photo makes the glass look gray but the glass is clear and gorgeous. I never usually write reviews for products but this was such a good deal on normally very expensive glassware. I am a huge fan of Riedel; they make wonderful wine glasses and have really started a trend in stemless glassware. It is a really different experience drinking wine from a stemless glass. This set is fantastic, I am so glad I was able to purchase it as such a low price!
surprised how well it works ... I was surprised how well the True Air 04381 air cleanerwork, using this 04712 Filter, considering it's not evena HEPA filter.  I notice the fresh air in a newly remodeled,dusty, fumey (new paint, new carpet) room after turning this on.After just 1 month of use in a small room, the filter is alreadylight grey - so it's working
This is an awesome knife. In Anthoney Bourdain's book "Kitchen Confidential" he talks about how in a real kitchen the chefs don't use Henkle or Wustoff knives, they use Global.  Cat Cora of "American Iron Chef" also uses Global knives.  I needed a good knife in my kitchen so I decided to check out Global as well.First of all, it's incredibly light.  If I'm chopping a LOT of onions for a french onion soup or making a big batch of mirepoix for some beef stock I notice that lightness.Then there's the balance.  See that notch where the blade meets the handle?  Pick the knife up by that notch and it balanced exactly level.  Try that with a standard knife and you'll see how handle heavy they are.Finaly, the edge.  These knives are insanely sharp.  They cut like a dream.  I just went to a knife sharpening clinic by Wustoff and they suggest honeing your knife with 5 or 6 stroks on a steel before every meal that you cook.  I've found that this keeps the edge razor sharp.  However, you should realize that the edge on these knives is at 15 degrees, not 20 degrees.  So adjust the angle you use to hone the edge.Overall, it's an amazing knife.  Take care of it and it will serve you as a professional quality tool for a long time
Simply The Best!!!. This friction tie rack which holds 24 ties, is simplyTHE BEST!!! Purchased six of these to share with friends.You won't be disappointed! Stylish,functional, it works and works well !!!
Good economical product. I've had this lamp on my desk for 4 years and I've only changed the bulb once.  It says 1000 hours/bulb and that seems about right to me.  Bulbs can easily be found at Office Depot.  Only caution is that the handle gets HOT if left on for more than an hour.  Probably not ideal if kids will be near the lamp.
Great looking pitcher. This pitcher looks great!  It is very sturdy and heavy. (use both hands when holding!)  Easy to clean, and easy on the eyes!  I would definitely recommend this
memory foam topper. The memory foam was good, but not quite as expected.  It was little more than the eggcrates you bring home from the hospital.  The service was speedy, and the delivery even faster.  It was my mistake for not researching the product better
CC chefs knife with walnut handle (#41S). This knife chops perfectly every time I use it. It does not ding easy, and is strong enough to cut everything. Very very easy to sharpen. Excellent knife for the money
Durable. This is the only dinnerware that I have that has survived my sons washing dishes. Though one piece did not survive shipping, I still have all the original pieces and the set is over a year old. That is a record for me. I love the color and I am about to move and this will be my everyday dinnerware. I am going to expand on what I have and add some color to it with other Pfaltzgraff pieces. Very satisfied
Amazing product!!. This coverlet has a very beautiful color, large fit and extra warm.  A perfect item for winter.
Great product. I love Le Creuset!  I have the 2 quart and 6 quart size French Ovens, so decided to splurge on the 3 1/2 quart size.  Although they are expensive, they are well worth the money
Bulletproof...but. These knives are great and should last for a lifetime plus a 1000 years.  However, they are quite expensive.  Their best virtue is their unique and stunning appearance.  The layered blades were made by an obviously labor intensive process said to be similar to the best Samurai blades.If you're looking for a visually stunning gift that has a very high level of quality (and price is no object), these would be a good choice
A Great Griddle. I use it every weekend for either pancakes or &quot;freedom&quot; toast and have nothing but good things to say.  It heats evenly and is easy to use and clean.  I would definitely recommend this griddle
Prefect. This fork is just prefect for all kinds of kitchen jobs. Plus it easy to clean, no nooks or cranie
A dream to sleep on. Not only are these sheets beautiful, but they are truly a dream to sleep on. I was most pleased
Great Buy!!. My wife and I purchased this product in December 2004 (a little late with the review, but better late than never).  We were unsure about ordering on-line, but after reading the reviews and calling the 1-800 number we decided to take a chance and we are glad that we did!  The furniture is fantastic,comfortable,stylish and good quality for the price!  &#60;br /&#62;We did have a problem with water damage on the coffee and end table set, but one phone to the customer service line and they were sending us new tables! Thank you to Traget for being so prompt with the new tables! The furniture was easy to assemble and took about 1 hour to put together.&#60;br /&#62;The fabric is darker then what you see on the web page, but it is still neutral enough to fit in with many different decors.&#60;br /&#62;We wil definitely order other products on-line from Target.&#60;br /&#62;Two final &quot;nit-picky&quot; details are the shipping was a little slow and there were no screw hole covers(wooden plugs to cover up the screws) to make the furniture feel complete  &#60;br /&#62;
Love 2 make waffles. This item resales at Disney for $80. well worth the purchase & it works great
Oster Egg Cooker. This is the greatest egg cooker ever. Itcooks poached, soft and hard boiled eggs toperfection
"Bitterly disappointed" is not using thermometer correctly. I think this is a great thermometer for meat and baking.  However, it is NOT meant to be submerged.  Most any probe-type digital thermometers will malfunction if submerged in liquid for any long period of time, such as making yogurt.  I would recommend a glass baking or yeast thermometer for that purpose
Great Pin Cushion. This worked out nicely as a much needed pin cushion (the small one).  I have two more to give as gifts for two family members who also sew.  Thanks Amazon for continuing to bring us great items for free with the purchase of other great items.  I got mine with the purchase of a espresso machine, the radio toaster, and with something else or maybe I bought the last one
clear the prints on stainless and glass in your kitchen. We have stainless appliances and a glass cooktop - the cloth is WONDERFUL for wiping away prints, grease, mess etc.  I use it at the end with hot water and then wipe down (quickly) all the rest of the appiances - frig, dishwasher, trash can top, etc...so every thing looks great
What a great price for this beautiful-comfy sheet set. I couldn't believe my eyes when I ran across the price for these sheets. I was skeptical on the quality because of the price. They are absolutely beautiful. The quality is perfect! We have a California King air chamber mattress with a thick pillow-top. We have trouble finding deep sheets to fit our mattress. The fitted sheet actually tucks under our mattress, and we no longer wake-up having to readjust the fitted sheet because it slipped off the mattress in the middle of the night! I highly recommend giving these sheets a try
Copper bowls with whisk. The product itself was outstanding.  The shipping service is another story: There had been a major storm in this area and the shipping company took it upon themselves to forward to a post office address rather than the physical address which I had requested. The product did not arrive as expected.  It was a gift and I was in another Country.  I advised both Amazon and the product company and the product company immediately delivered another set.  When I returned to the States and went to the Post Office, I had a postal charge but I also had another set of bowls, which I will now see what I need to do to pay for the second set, hopefully minus the shipping charge.  Susa
Spot On!!!. Just what i was after. You are better off spending a little more money on this as it's worh every penny. Shipping only took a couple of days as well
WAF-R  Waffle Iron. Very well made. A quality item. Works just as described in booklet
Pizza Pan. Wonderful pizza pan. I enjoy having the handles to lift the pan in and out of the oven. Makes very crisp pizza and is easy to clean. I love it
Best style of spoon ever!. My mother had a squared-off spoon ever since I can remember. It is great for cooking, getting the corners of the pots, and completely covers the bottom of the pan! No need to use a spatula and a spoon with this one! I have been looking for years to find one for myself and am greatful to find one here. I would encourage all cooks of all ages and experience to get one for themself and anyone they know
Great machine!. This vacuum sounds like a jet engine when you turn it on.  We have a Black Lab and he's shedding like crazy this summer, so we really needed something that worked well.  It does a great job and you can see all the dust/dirt that gets vacuumed up as well when you're emptying the canister.  We're definitely happy with this purchase.
Oak Mug Tree. It's a nice mug tree.  My only complaint is that the pegs are not perpendicular.  I also didn't think about how beg the knobs on the ends of the pegs are.  They are actually too big to go through the handles of the mugs I bought the mug tree for
my favorite mug. [...]I just bought my second of these WMF mugs from Amazon.com - it is my absolute favorite mug for the following reasons:1. It DOES keep drinks hot or cold much better than a standard non-insulating mug over the 20 minutes or so that I usually take to finish my drink.2. It does not have any condensation effect with a cold drink which anyone who lives in a hot and humid climate can tell you is a real pain - with a normal glass or mug, you get an annoying pool of water at the base of the mug - not good on a wooden table! Not so with this which shows to me that the insulating does work effectively.3. It is an extremely well made product and looks very stylish! Last week I noticed its use by Tchky Karyo in the Jet Li film "Kiss of the Dragon".4. It has a perfect sized handle and a super smooth lip that make it a pleasure to hold and drink from.In my opinion this was never designed to to be a thermos mug (hence my disagreement with the last reviewer). If you are looking for a thermos mug with a lid, I recommend the "Nissan 15.9 Ounce Travel Mug" - I also have 2 of those and they are also great (but not as nice to drink from). The Nissan will keep your drinks hot or cold for more like an hour so in that respect it has its own niche.One final thought: the lack of lid on this mug means that its insulating effect probably works better for cold drinks than hot drinks (due to the principal of hot air rising).In summary this is great as a super stylish insulating mug - probably the best you will find - just don't expect a thermos! Yes it is quite expensive but in my opinion is well worth it as you are paying for quality. Happy drinking
great for small dogs. my puppy loves this toy! i can understand how a large dog could chew it to pieces, but it's perfect for tug-of-war with a small dog.great price, great shipping cost, and great toy that keeps him entertained during independent playtime =
They look good. These are great!  They look great and are heavy enough to feel sturdy yet functional.  Even after wash after wash by hand and in the dishwasher, they continue to work well and maintain their shine
ONE OF THE BEST ON THE MARKET. Great little mashine.Looks beautiful on the counter top,maches to my other stainless steel appliences.Makes a nice cup of coffee,keeps it hot at all times.LOVE I
Great Value For Your Money. I've used this waffle maker three times and it's been great.  I decided to buy it after reading other positive comments about this maker.  This really is a GREAT value for the price.  The ready beep that let's you know when it's ready is a major plus.  Also, it can be stored upright which saves cabinet space.  I recommend this waffle maker
She loves her Blender. I got the KitchenAid blender for my wife for Christmas.  She just loves it and most importantly the features.  She has other heavy duty KitchAid products and can't do without them as she cooks and bakes a lot.  I know I paid more for them but its so true in this case that you get what you pay for.  I consider that a deal since we won't have to buy another down the road.
Very Pricey, But Well Worth It. I bought the Dyson Animal for years ago. It's absolutely fantastic. Now I bought the DC 07 as a gift for my daughter. I'd have gotten the Animal or one with the swivel, but the price keeps going up and I feel that $700 is getting a little ridiculous. Besides, the $400 DC 07 cleans as good as the $700 one; it just has fewer attachments and is an older model. It still really sucks.I would even suggest that you get one reconditioned over any new Bissell or Hoover. My guess is that those that have been sent back to Dyson are sent back by people who can't get used to the way this vacuum is engineered. It is the most amazing piece of engineering I've seen, from the way the basic hose becomes a 17 foot wand, to the simplicity of emptying.And I must say that when I didn't understand something (usually couldn't find the manual), the folk at Dyson in Chicago were most accommodating. They even helped me put mine back together (the dog attacked it - maybe that's why it's "The Animal") over the phone, and they really knew how to explain it simply
Patton 20 in Air Circ. I purchased this fan for my stable - to ventilate the aisle and help cool the horses during the hot summer days in S. Fla.  It was a replacement /supplement for an older Patton that I had purchased for the same reason.  Main drawing factor on these fans is the overheat shut off protection .... important as I have to leave the fan on for extended periods of time.So far - fan working great, good air flow - doing it's job as expected.  Not as much volume as the older slightly larger model and not made quite as robustly from surface inspection but these are the best non commercail air circulators I have found
handy and sturdy. Looks good in a home library, and is strong enough to hold over 200 pounds. I find it handy for all sorts of jobs around the house. It folds up nicely, but I leave it sitting out becaue it looks nice
I use these plates all the time. The Fiestaware bread tray is almost identical to the discontinued Omelet plates that Bennington Potters used to make. It is an amazingly useful design. Perfect for omelets, burritos, soup [in a deep bowl or large cup] and salad/sandwich combos, two item lunches... etc. Much better than putting a couple things on a small round luncheon plate...on this, each is able to occupy it's neat separate half of this oval plate. Oh, and lets not forget it's great as a bread plate
Mario Products Are Beautiful. My Grandson purchased the set of bowls for me ,something I keep on the counter at all times just so handy to have for all of my cooking.Have some pieces of Mario Cookware too which I just love.
Dinner is served. This is my first experience w/ Pfaltzgraff product. I find it to be a very nice set of plates. The design and color are simple and classic. The finish is smooth w/ just enough fine texture to keep the food from slipping off the plate in case of accidental minor tipping. The matte finish works great making it easy to hold onto the cup handles without them slipping out of your hand. They seem very sturdy. I found them to be chip resistent when accidentally stress tested (we dropped a cup). The bowls and cups are huge which can be a bit deceiving if you are trying to take only a small portion of food. I find the plates a lot thicker than I thought they would be. It's good I only have an 8 place setting. There wouldn't be enough room in my cupboard for any more than that. They microwave well. The dishes can get quite warm, however. I have used them in the oven, but not on high temps. Mostly low warming waiting for dinner. Overall, based on my experience w/ this set of dishes, I would recommend  Pfaltzgraff again
Just What I Wanted. Received Product Promptly and In New Condition.  Would purchase from seller again !!
works pretty well. I have used this system for two years.  It works pretty well.  Hagen's yeast and 'stabilizer' last about a month in the winter, 2-3 weeks in summer, when the yeast seems to burn off quicker.  I did once lose a fish that got trapped in the diffuser, but that fish had been looking unhealthy (inactive, not feeding) anyway. You can use bread yeast and baking soda instead of Hagen's expensive yeast, but it doesn't last as long.The important thing is that CO2 is released into the tank and the plants look healthy. I don't bother to test my PH in my 20 gallon tank, so I don't know the effect on acidity.
Good Quality, good head support!. I was suffering from neck pain until I bought these pillows. I was not expecting very high quality pillows but it met my expectations. I get good sleep without neck pain what else I would have asked for. These are Made in USA, quality is good. I would have preferred goose down with the same head support, but they are way too expensive when you wanna buy with high fill rate. Overall I suggest these pillows, great value for the price
Love it, Love it, Love it!. This prodcut is exceptional. It is so versatile. It's great to be able to grill meat and veggies on the top while melting wonderful cheese on the bottom. The best part is when I am having a diner party, with this product, I can actually be spending time with my guests as we all interact around the Raclette instead of being stuck in the kitchen. It's a great buy
Great product for those who love their drawers to look neat!. Whenever I folded my t-shirts and polos, each folded shirt would come out looking different. So I purchased the Flipfold. I made the right choice. I enjoy using the Flipfold after every load of laundry. It becomes addictive to make all shirts, pants and towels look neatly folded and uniform. It impresses friends and guests when they stay over and see my closets. If your having any doubts, erase them from your mind
Simply Stunning. Now that I finally got my set of 4 I am pleased to report that they are stunning. The excellent bright tangerine glaze that Fiestaware is famous for and the understated but elegant design make them unique and of course, FESTIVE.I have many cups and mugs but now these are what I reach for most often for afternoon tea.I can't wait until my Fiestaware teapots arrive
LOVE LOVE LOVE this machine!!!!. I am a coffee snob and have been looking for a replacement for my Cusinart grind and brew (which sucked!) which we got as a wedding present.  I searched and read tons of reviews of all the machines available and wanted to spend around $100 for a quality machine.  I bought this coffee maker from Bed Bath & Beyond using their 20% of coupons to meet my budget.I just tried out the maker for the first time this morning and absolutely love the look, quality taste and long life of the hot brew!!!Reasons I chose this machine over others were:1. Thermos Carafe, which keeps the coffee hot w/out scorching the coffee taste.- The opening of the Carafe was large enough to get your hand in there for easy cleaning.- The easy pour carafe which doesn't require you to push any button or twist the top to pour yourself a cupa- Coffee stayed hot even after 2 hours after brewing and tasted freshly brewed!!!2. The grounds basket allows the use of the gold filter or paper.  It is flat bottom basket which brews the grounds more evenly and results in better tasting coffee.  There is a shower water dispenser which aid in the even water distribution.3. The timer for programming morning coffee before work- There is a beeper which tells you when the brewing cycle is complete (this prevents against dribbling messes on the machine base when removing the carafe to pour a cup.  The beeper is also by signal when getting ready in the mornings that there is 15 minutes before I have to hit the road!!- There is a delayed drip to pour a cup if your in a rush for your fix ;o)- There is an indicator which shows how much time has laps since the last brew4. Easy to clean!!- The Cusinart Grind'n Brew was a pain in the arse to clean between brews cause the grinder will get moist during the brewing process and leave ground sludge in the grinder section!- The grounds basket in top shelf dish washer safe but the carafe must be hand washed which is no big deal because of the design of the lid and opening size is big enough to stick your sponge and hand inside.- Control buttons are flat and easy to wipe clean5. It looks sleek and classy!!!  Looks great on the countertop!!!- The design fits great under cabinets and the front water pour section allowed you to fill the reservoir easily w/out having to move the machine around to reach it.A few Tips for Thermal Carafe Users:- Preheat your thermal carafe to extend heat retention by filling with piping hot water from the sink for a few minutes before starting the brew process!  People complain about these machines not keeping their coffee hot enough or for as long as claimed but it because people don't follow directions!!!- (to the previous reviewer) heat your cup of milk in the microwave for 30-40 second before pouring a cup of coffee to maximize the temp... its not rocket science to know that adding cold liquid to hot liquid will cool the over all temp ESPECIALY if you tend to had a lot of milk like I do!!
Thrilled to find it. Stainless jelly roll pans are hard to find. I am pleased with this one.  It is of good quality and doesn't cost a fortune
Hey, what can I say. its a lid. But a nice heavy weight glass one, I can see through as I'm cooking. And best of all it goes on GREAT PANS! Love my Fagor pressure cooker, and with this lid I can use it for regular cooking too
Great for little ones. This sleeping bag is perfect for younger kids.  It's certainly not made for heavy outdoor use (it's pretty lightweight) but is perfect for "slumber parties" in my kids' rooms.My only concern is the straps that keep it rolled up while not in use.  If the bag is unrolled and you want to keep the straps from tripping someone, etc. you can loop them back and close them with a velcro tab, creating a choking hazard.  If you don't reattach them, the velcro can attach itself to the bag itself and interfere with the zipper
great tray. The ice cubes come out intact - not chipped or cracked.  To get them out, push each cube from the bottom with your finger.For fastest and easiest results, wait for 5 minutes after taking the tray out of the freezer. This way, the ice cubes will pop right out. If you don't wait, your fingertip will be freezing while trying to push them out
Instead of PAM.... use pure olive oil. I spray my foods with olive oil using this wonderful sprayer. It's great to use if you want to avoid the unhealthy chemicals you get in the spray cans off the shelf.  Just poor in your favourite olive oil
Loved!. My lab puppy was given this toy because the Kong Company says "it's indestructable". I wouldn't exactly say it's indestructable, but for dogs that enjoy a challenge to chew, this is an ideal toy. I would recommend it for labs, retrivers, and other big dogs.
Can't  get Enough. For [...], these adorable kiwi colored stoneware baking dishes are great! I've been a big fan of Le Creuset for a while, and find that I can get an even bake everytime.
Excellent Oven Gloves. If your tired of clumsy oven mittens or pot holders that have no feel to them and wear out, then you'll appreciate these heat-resistant gloves.  Aside from their fireproof qualities, the best thing about them is that they are 5-fingered, fit either hand, and stretch to conform a man's hand size.  You'll never lose your grip on a dish or tray, or have the end of a typical mitt/pot holder dip into your food and pick up stains.  If this glove does accidentally pick up stains it can be washed.  The only caution I have is that due to the open mesh weave, steam can penetrate the glove, which can be felt by the user but has not resulted in any burns.  I would recommend ordering 2 gloves (I did) for use on large roasting pans or other heavy cookware.  In summary, this is the best heat resistant protection I have ever used--it should last a lifetime
KitchenAid KTT570WH 4-Slice Digital Toaster with Bagel, Warm, and Frozen Functions. works great, simple and easy to use. May want to RTFM to get the most out of this new toaster.  Love it so far.  Just angry that Macys did not have it on their shelf so I had to order it on Amazon.  We like to buy the rounds of soure doe bread and the slices are to long for a normal toster but they get nice and toasty with this toaster.  this toaster is a little spendy but worth every penny!  F N A Bub
If you like to read in bed the bedlounge is for you. I bought this Bed lounge several months ago and I have been very pleased.  it offers great lumbar support and it is tall enough and sturdy enough so you can rest your head.  The arms are just long enough so you can rest your arms too.  I bought another for my sister for Christmas and she is delighted with it
Great kitchen addition!. I received mine as a gift and enjoyed using it so much I gave one as a gift to a friend.  It's perfect for mincing fresh herbs from the garden.  I first saw it being used in a cooking class and thought it was a "must have" in the home gourmet chef's kitchen.  I like the curved bowl and the one-hand handle on the mincer.  Great product and fun to use!
If you cook , You need one!!. Excellent Product!! Now I know why Mom had one so many years ago.Presto 01362 6-Quart Stainless Steel Pressure Cooker saves time and moneyand the food is outstanding. One of my best investments.
My Hot Pot Review. This unit is slightly difficult to wash since it has the cord attached, but other than that it is easy to use. There are not many settings or buttons to complicate matters
Robot needs Love too. This works perfect for your irobots flawless deathgrip.  It comes in a bottle too... which is helpful.
Terrific, wish I'd bought another when they were on sale!. Beautiful dish, large capacity and even cooking-what more could you ask? I bought this because of a MAJOR 'Friday' sale at Amazon. My only regret is that I did not buy more at that price! Terrific dish
Perfect CD/ DVD rack. My husband and I have about 1000 cds/dvds/videos and we had previously stored them in boxes, shelves, and wherever we found space. When I found this online, I thought it would be a great substitution. Well, it fits perfectly in our media room and now we have extra storage space. You will not disappointed with this purchase
My favorite corn popper. This is a very simple popper that gets the job done. In my small microwave, it takes about 4 minutes for a load that lifts the top (I'm a four-quart person with a three-quart popper, so I put in a few more than the prescribed 1/3 cup). Since I use oil, the concentrators don't last as long as for dry popping (6 uses vs. about 30), but they are inexpensive and available from many sources on-line. The slits in the cover let the steam escape and give you crisp popcorn every time.I have used this popper for about eight years, and never once regretted it. I bought it because I wanted the convenience of microwave without the transfats that come with microwave popcorn. Those who say that the concentrators don't work or the popcorn tastes bad must be using inferior oil or microwave ovens made in Elbonia.
Love the dishes. I now have 10 different place settings in different colors.  I love the variety it brings to my table.  My family and friends all enjoy the different colors.  And my 10 year old niece enjoys getting the colors appropriate to the various guests.So far I have had no problems and have had nothing break!I only wish I had started my collection earlier for some of the older out of production colors.
Sandwich Maker. This is a nice little sandwich maker. It's compartments are pretty small. You have to cut the crust off of your bread and cut it diagonally in order to fit the sandwich in the compartment. Also, you need to keep an eye on it, because the indicator light isn't realiable to let you know when the sandwich is done. I've had a couple of too cruchy edges on my sandwiches because of this. Otherwise, it makes a great sandwich! For the money it really is a pretty nice machine
Scat Cat. We had mangy old cats all over our nice patio furniture....haven't seen one since..
Like a cookie press for meat. Inexpensive. Makes uniform strips of jerky. Dismantles for easy cleaning. The included seasoning packets make great tasting jerky. I wish it held a larger amount of meat though. For a pound of meat, you will have to reload about 3 times
Sango Nova Brown Square Baker. Easy to handleEasy clean upWhat more could you ask for - from oven to table with CLAS
Good in quality.. but not in size. The product is very good.. good for the price... nice finish... but if you are really concerned with the size, this one is not the best...holds only 2 cups...
Advantages... The only real disadvantage is that you have to do the cleaning yourself and it is definitely work if you don't have the self-propelled model. The unit is fairly heavy when filled with water, but soon enough the lower "dirty water" holder fills, the noise of the cleaner changes, and you can empty the unit to make it lighter.The main advantage of this carpet cleaner is that it is about half the price of having your carpets cleaned once. Even if this broke after the first use, you would have saved money.The unit is relatively easy to push, although a self-propelled would be better if you enjoy cleaning the entire house all at once.There are tricky ways to use this so you get a spray pattern that covers heavy traffic areas completely. I went over them in an X pattern instead of just straight back and forth and also went over some areas two to three times, especially by the front door.If you have pets, you may be amazed at how much dog/cat hair is in the carpet. I was shocked because I vacuum all the time and the carpet had just been vacuumed. The cleaner seems to loosen the pet hair so it can easily be extracted from the carpet and there are brushes that literally pick up the hair. The next day you can vacuum the carpet and complete the process.For each room you clean, you may have to empty the unit at least 2-3 times. That means when cleaning a small apartment, you may need to empty the unit about 15-20 times and refill the water container at least 5 or more times. If you have pets, you might need to rinse out the unit now and then.The suction on the unit seemed superior and the drying time seemed shorter than when I've had professional cleaning. Surprisingly enough, the carpet also looked way cleaner and was almost "fluffy" in comparison the sticky residue left by commercial carpet cleaners.The funniest part was how my oldest cat took a liking to the fresh clean scent of the carpet and was rolling about as if I'd sprinkled catnip on the carpet.While cleaning, you can see the bubbly water returning to the machine, so it is easy to monitor the water leaving the carpet. You can go over the area multiple times and that is recommended because it kept removing water.Overall, I'm very impressed with this carpet cleaner and over time it will save me hundreds, if not thousands of dollars. For quick clean up or stairs, there is an attachment. The carpet cleaner doesn't get all the way to the edges of the carpet without the attachment, but that area of the carpet didn't seem that dirty at all, so it doesn't seem to be a problem.The beauty of this cleaner is that on one day you can clean around the couch and on the next, you can move the couch and clean that area. So, overall, you might get more carpet cleaned because of the convenience of doing it yourself.The cleaning formula in the box is an allergen formula and I must say that even the air in the house feels cleaner now that allergens have been removed from the carpet. Now that I've cleaned all the main areas (one room to go), I can see myself using this carpet cleaner on a room by room basis or for spills. It will also be perfect for high-traffic areas.~The Rebecca Review
amazing value. I looked for weeks for a new pressure cooker. I had the Inova model but it eventually wore out after 15 years. I shopped locally and looked on-line. The best prices I could find were between $49.00 and $75.00 for the size I wanted.I found the best price on Amazon. It works great, looks good and is heavy duty. The thick plated bottom is excellent for browning and high sides prevent splatter if you want to saute before cooking. I highly recommend this model for anyone who wants to experiment with pressure cooking or needs a quality replacement. Cooking with 1/3 the energy use of other appliances--this is truly a "green" machine
no problems. i have had my krups machine for 5 years and have had no problems.  i have found that the carafe does not bounce when dropped from the cupboard.
Good, small garbage can. This is a small garbage can that has a removable liner.  It also fits the plastic bags you get at all the stores now, but it is small.  It came well packaged and quickly.  Cooking.com is a good website and excellent company.  I've gotten a few things from them and never have a problem
great. very good floor cleaner i searched for a good price and a good cleaner it did not let me dow
sleep softly. My elderly mother came to visit and told me that she liked sleeping on  the fold out couch with the memory foam at my house better than her own bed.  So I shipped one to her in Alaska and she received it in great condition and really fast.  She says she never slept better
4 1/2 stars. This is a great machine.  The only problem is that it could be a bit bigger.One bulb of elephant garlic or 2 average size bulbs will fit.  I got three by triming some cloves off until they fit
A really good canister. I love Fiestaware and these canisters go perfectly in my kitchen. I like that they are large enough to get a decent amount of flour and sugar in them.  The seal seems really airtight, but I did accidently splash some water on the top of them, and the water did get into the canister.  They are easy to clean and look very classic
WOW--gorgeous dishes!. I ordered this china specifically to use during the holidays.  It arrived in perfect condition with all pieces accounted for, and is absolutely lovely. The red and gold combination can be used year-round, and it is dishwasher safe!  I like it so much I intend to order another service for 8.  Excellent value
razor sharp. very good knife sharpener.read directions and with little practice your knives will easily slice anything,razor sharp!Be careful
Well engineered and a good price. This is a well made coffee grinder that does as well as the ones at the supermarket that cost much more money.  Yes the beans will stick and not feed evenly from the upper hopper but the one at supermarket does that too!  That is just the nature of coffee beans.  I use a chopstick I keep on hand to break up the beans before I turn on the grinder.  The upper lid doesn't fit tightly but I don't find this a problem as it is making an adequate seal and doesn't rattle during operation.   It is much quieter than my old blade unit and grinds much more evenly.  Disassembly for cleaning is very easy.  The glass hoppers cause minimal static and sticking of beans and grinds.  I think the engineers at Kitchen Aid that designed this coffee grinder made one that seems to me works as well as the big ones at the supermarket.  If they threw in a good motor I would imagine this unit will last many years.  Judging from the sealed roller bearing they used in the grind adjustment assembly instead of a cheap bushing I would guess the motor matches the excellent quality of the rest of the machine.  This unit was a great value for the price
Cats now love us...ha. We got one of these for our 2 cats and a day later had to get another one. They loved it so much that we felt bad that only one could really use it at a time.Want happy cats? Get a couple of these!
FIESTA!. This is a great idea!  Everyone should have AT LEAST ONE of these ~ personally I'd get one for every member of the household.  The well is perfect so theres no slipping or sliding and it can easily be carried without having to worry about it falling off.  We love this.  And this is a great color.  So much prettier than the picture.
Best tie rack. This is the best tie rack we have found.  Each tie has it's own hanger and they don't slide off.  We are very happy with this product
Excellent cookware. Very stylish and great to cook with. For the price, you can't beat it
love them!. I love these ramekins. They are beautiful, sturdy, and a perfect size for a little dish of yogurt, fruit, or whatever
Depends on your application. I got the paw protectors because my dog injured his back and would drag his feet, scraping his nails and making them bleed.  The paw protectors work very well for this application.  They break in quickly, maybe too quickly because he has worn out several pairs.  But they are much sturdier and hardier than fleece or other materials.  And they stay on better than any other dog boot I've tried.  I would recommend them.  They are felt lined
Love this!. And I loved the price!Replaces two regular old fashioned post holders, is washable and has non skid strips
It's true. Our dog Luna has busted every ball until now. This is the best.
I'm happy with my purchase. I did a lot of research reading reviews and such and decided on this model for the price as well as function.  I used it today for the first time and am very pleased.  I have not tried on tile so can't help you there, but I can imagine the brushes would get it clean.  I used it on linoleum and wood.  After cleaning the linoleum I wiped it with a wet white paper towel and it came back absolutely spotless.  Now for the wood floors.  Well, my wood floors are in terrible shape and I'm biding my time to replace them.  I'm not worried about ruining them as they already are.  I just wanted them clean.  It didn't pass the white paper towel test but let me tell you they look cleaner than they ever have.  I think the dirt just must be embedded in them.  The water I dumped was just mud and I couldn't believe the sand on the bottom.  And it removed some tough spots from my wood floors.  It dried within probably 5 minutes, but I think when I use this on my laminate floors I will still follow behind with a towel just to be sure.  My only complaint is that I went to the website to find out more information like what types of cleaners can be used safely in it and there is very little information.  As of now I would recommend this to everyone looking to get their floors really clean.
Great Little Grill. I love using the Sportman's Grill.  It gets hot fast and temperature control is easy with the damper and two-position grate.  I keep mine seasoned with pam and keep the water out by covering it with an old cookie sheet while it cools down.This grill is definitely for hardcore charcoal users.  I can see where less experienced grillers might not be able to get good results.  If you need a thermometer to cook a steak, this is not your grill.  If you cam measure temperature by how long you can hold your bare hand over the coals, this grill is for you.I only gave it four stars because I don't find it very easy to clean out.  All of the loose parts have to be removed (grill, charcoal grate, damper door, and the front door) to get all the ash out.  Also, I find the carrying handle is nearly useless.  The grill is unbalanced so that if you try to pick it up with all of the aformentioned parts attached, it tips over and all the parts end up on the ground.  Be careful
Love it. It is everything I expected.  It is very easy to use.  Great when making tacos, because there is so many things to slice and dice. Easy to store and clean up.
Love it!. This is a great kitchen tool, especially for soups and sauces.  No more transfering to the blender.  A must have for your kitchen
Great, Multipurpose. I have these and love them.  I'm glad I didn't waste my time with some look-alikes I saw.  These are the same quality as the rest of my Fiestaware and match perfectly.  I use these for hot cocoa loaded down with marshallows, chili, soup, cereal.  It's a bowl, it's a cup.  The cup is heavy enough that it can sustain some abuse from daily use and keep you from getting burned by the hot stuff inside.  I really love these cups
Respect your cutlery!. These Shun knives are sharp, they are very sharp.Most of my cutlery set is made up of various Wusthof knives, I simple prefer the weight and heft of Wusthof with my most commonly 'used' knives.  I decided to try something new and went with a 6 inch Shun Tomato Knife and was very please with my purchase.  Though somewhat light in overall weight, the "D" shape handle design (I'm right handed) and blade sharpness have proven exceptional
GREAT SET. Received this set for Christmas along with a Delonghi Coffee and Expresso maker.  These cups are perfect for expresso's but the 8oz capacity is more like 6 1/2oz.  However, this is the first cup that truly kept my coffee hot from first sip to las
Steel. Item was as advertised. I used a neighbors for several years prior to finding this on Amazon.  Very pleased with its ability to sharpen and hone a knife to a razor sharp edge
Fun, Practical and Beautiful all in one!. I have collected all of Le Creuset's fruit and vegetable shaped cast iron enameled casseroles. They are beautiful to display on a table or on a kitchen counter and very practical in cooking great casseroles, soups, stews and other great dishes. The color that they can add to a kitchen brightens every vist there. The exterior and interior enamel coating is very durable and easy to clean. I have cooked a multitude of dishes in these casseroles and have found them to be excellent in heat conduction and preventing "hot spots".The warranty against defects of 101 years will certainly last beyond my expected needs but it is nice to know that I have the protection since these are not inexpensive purchases.The comments of guests served from these casseroles is always positive and never fails to bring a smile to my face.There is a drawback to these whimsical cookers and that is the rim of both the top and bottom of the casseroles. There is no enamel on these rims and they can rust if not dried immediately after hand washing. They are dishwasher safe but I do recommend that you hand wash and dry immediately. I also recommend that you let them sit out for an hour or so to air dry before storing them.When wet this casserole can be very slippery and the handles on the bottom and top help in preventing dropping them.Finally, closely inspect your casserole when it arrives. My first garlic casserole had a two inch crack in the enamel. I did not have to contact Le Crueset since Amazon.com immediately sent a replacement to me and had the defective item picked up at my home at no charge. I commend them for standing behind the products they sell
Pretty darn nice. Similar to previous reviews, these sheets are somewhat stiff.  Just like all other sateen sheets, they get softer the more you use them.  They were very comfortable after the first wash.  And don't be afraid of a few wrinkles-you are sleeping on them after all.  Overall, really nice sheets
Love the hand blender. I love this blender for smoothies, pureed dips, soups.  It's powerful and quick and so easy to clean.  Just do NOT use it to chop ice.  You will burn out the motor.
Nice, big durable bag. We recently purchased this to store an 8 foot Christmas tree.The material is heavyweight "tarp" type material, and seems adequate. The handles are well sticked on and the opening is wide enough to make getting the tree in and out easy.Overall what we expected
I love this!...Can't imagine life without one.... I love this thing!  I couldn't imagine life without it.  I originally bought it over a year ago, because I was pregnant and already having children with allergies wanted to do what ever I could to eliminate these issues.  First, let me say.....I wondered if it was working at all.  The blue light was on, but no sound at all.  After a week it started "hissing", thus telling me to clean it.  I could not believe the stuff this thing sucked out of the air.  I was totally embarassed!  I never want to go without it again.  There is one complaint that I have, the little blue light.  It is so bright it actually lights up the living room, so if you need total darkness to sleep don't use this in the bedroom.  I would definately recommend this to anyone, and have recommended it to my mother
A Miracle Indeed... The best product ever!  I have 5 cats... and let me tell you... if it weren't for this product I would have gone insane a long time ago (or I'd just have a very stinky household!)  Have used it for a long time, and will continue to do
great product. I love this napkin holder and the matching paper towel holder.  They're weighted so they don't fly off the counter when removing a napkin or paper towel.  The design is very contemporary but blends well with other styles
Love these pots!. I've had alot of different sets of pots over the years and I just love these!  Love the fact that they're nonstick and dishwasher safe.  They com out looking spotless. Would definately recomend
For the price works moderately well. I have a 3 1/2 year old Boxer that barks, cries, whines, and howls when I go to work...ALL DAY...I know, I recorded it.  I went to Petsmart and picked up this gadget.  Brought it home and it the manual correct button.  She bolted.  She hates the ultrasonic noise that it makes.  It reduced the amount of noise that my dog makes but only in a certain area and I don't crate my dog when I'm going to be away for more than 8 hours.So if I'm just running out for a few hours I stick her in her crate with this right in front of her but if I'm going to work I use it in conjunction with the petsafe electric shock bark collar.My girlfriends dog does not really notice it if he's otherwise engaged but my dog hates it.  Worth the price in my opinion.  Best advice is to take it home and try it.  Some dogs react to it.  Others don't
Lovin' these glasses. Great glasses at a great price. Also stylish and clean lines. I would recommend this line of glassware, of which I purchased the entire set.
Royal Doulton Provence Rouge Dark 12-Ounce Accent Mug. The dark rouge is a little lighter in color than I thought it would be, but it matches the Provence rouge perfectly.
Nothing like homemade ice cream. This unit replaced an identical ice cream maker we have had since 1977. Some do not like to hand crank their ice cream but our kids enjoyed making it down over the years. Now with just my wife and I at home our neighbors are loving it. The same for my grandchildren. Home made ice cream just tastes better when we hand crank it as compared to an electric freezer. It takes only twenty minutes with the White Mountain Freezer. We are looking forward to another 30 years of service. This freezer will be passed down to one of our children for their kids
Good Design. This colander works well with most items except those that are very small, such as angel hair pasta, which comes through the sieve openings. I like the way it fits over half of my double sink.  Also somewhat pricey
Great Product!. I bought this grill for my daughter in New York. I bought one a year ago and love to use it. Not only does it cook your food faster than other methods, it retains most of the juices that are cooked out of some foods by frying or baking.Clean up is a snap too! One button releases the plates and into the dishwasher they go!I would recommend this product very highly to people who enjoy great food!
Really nice knife. I've had this knife for about a month now, and continue to really enjoy it. The sharpness of the knife is almost uncanny. The handle looks odd but is one of the most comfortable I've ever used. A friend with very large hands says he has difficulty holding the knife properly, but it's ideal for anyone else
Not as Pictured. The product was fine and the box was what we ordered, however, what was in the box was not what was pictured.  I don't htink it was the vedors fault but Krupts put the wrong product in the box, so it was returned
Me & my two Golden Retrievers LOVE this. When I bought this machine after haveing to by a new vacuum every year for the past 3 years I was afraid it was all just hype. Amazon shipped it in two days and I was off and running. It is easy to use, not at all noisy, made my rugs look new and picked up everything on my hard wood. Easy to set up and get moving. I would highly, highly reccomend. My 'reconditioned' vacuum came like new with no indication that it was not completely new
Neat but not silver. Great kitchen item (see other reviews). Pretty design BUT... I gave 4 stars not 5 due to the hassle of having to exchange the 1st unit I got in "matte silver" -- which in person is really gray plastic (not at all the stainless steel look I expected). I sent it back and got the chrome, much classier
A bowl of many uses!. We love these bowls!!  We use them for ice cream and cereal and soup and all sorts of things that the regular bowls were too big for!  The individuality of each piece gives the bowls an old world style which fits right in with the rest of our dinnerwear
My cats love it. And I love the nice storage tub. If I get catnip in the bag, the cats find it and rip it open.
Pleasantly Surprised!!. I admit I was very skeptical of this, a Crock Pot Bbq pit, this was a purchase for my wife. She has since made a brisket, whole chicken and ribs....now all I can say is WOW! After being at work all day, coming home to a house that smells like bbq was wonderful. Later that evening for dinner, the brisket was tender, other evenings the chicken was moist and tasted fantastic. I definitely recommend this to everyone that is a fan of bbq
Best way to store butter. Butter stays fresh, out in the open and easy to spread
Great Buy!!. I purchased this blanket for my 16 year old son after much research online.  I thought it a gamble purchasing a blanket that I couldn't actually feel, but time was short, it was inexpensive and I needed to do something.  I am so pleased with this blanket!!!  It is totally soft and comfortable and most of all it is warm and cozy.  It washes wonderfully and is well made.  My 5 year old requested that I get one for his bed, so I have purchased one for him as well, in fact I even got one for myself.
Fast shipping. Like the pan, tho not as deep as my old pan. Fast shipping. I will order another when the need arises
Good Product. Cooks, cleans up and stores well. Had to burn some pancakes until we got the burners adjusted to the correct settings. Our burners are 2 sizes so we had to experiment with the settings to get even temp. The larger burner had to be set lower
Strong Power Kitchen Tool. I have been using this Factory- Reconditioned Kitchen Aid for 100 days. I think that is the good thing with a strong power. It srand up very well, so I would like to recommend you to keep one in your kitchen.Furthermore, the price was very exciting. I got it about USD125 - Free shipping.
Amazing!. This product is amazing!  We turn it on for about 30 minutes before going to bed (and turn it off when get into bed).  The warmth from the mattress pad is incredible, especially by our feet.  Makes the bed so cozy and easy to get into.  Highly recommended
Fantastic Flannel sheets. These sheets are warm, soft, and ever so inviting.  Garnet red just made for an even better Valentine's Day evening, even though it was 2 weeks later.  Truely lovely sheets, would buy more.
To Bark or not to Bark... that is the question. I have a 16 mo. old Border Collie that likes to bark for any or no reason at all.  At first try of the Citronella spray (used with the Gentle Spray Bark collar) she became somewhat anxious & frantic not knowing where this spray was coming from.  But after about 3 or 4 uses, she adapted & realized what this collar was for.  Overall, the spray works 75% of the time with my dog.  If she is determined to bark, she will; but most of the time the spray is a deterent.  Amazon is the only place I would buy the refills due to it being the best bargin around.  Don't buy it at your pet store because you will be paying way too much
good, small machine. I purchased this machine used, so I can't really properly comment on whether or not it's worth buying at full price. The are several features that make this machine stand out from others. First, while this is a hefty machine, it has a small footprint, which for me and my small apartment is perfect. It fits in a corner of my kitchen counter and is light enough for me to scoot it out when I need it. Second, you can make individual lattes fairly quickly on this machine because filling the boiler with cold water immediately after steaming brings the machine to brewing temperature in a matter of seconds. So, the time need to preheat, steam, fill the boiler, and brew is less than five minutes. Third, cleanup is also very easy despite not having a backflush feature. After pulling a shot, set the machine back to steaming and the pressure from steaming will push out the excess water in the portafilter, giving you a dry puck to knock cleanly. I don't know if this is an intended feature, but it works for me.Now, since the machine is so small, it cannot steam more than 10-12oz of milk without running out of steam. The wand is also very short and won't work with a frothing pitcher larger than 20oz. If you make each drink individually then these are not pressing problems.I should point out that I buy fresh, locally-roasted coffee every week, have it ground at the coffee shop (gasp!), and keep it stored airtight in the fridge. Needless to say, I'm not pulling "God shots" this way, but whatever. I can make a good to great double shot espresso drink in five minutes, which is simply not possible by using pods or by grinding your own beans, which take extra space and time that I don't have.[edit] So, it's a year or so later and I've since learned some more of the X3's quirks and also bought a grinder (my previous excuse for not having one was, well, lame) and a proper tamper (buy a flat one). I've discovered that the steam wand is just the right length to allow you to steam 10oz of milk by merely setting the frothing pitcher on the drip tray, hands-free. It amazingly manages to produce respectable microfoam using the "surf the air hole" technique presented at the coffeegeek website. Since milk frothing becomes hands free, I use that time to grind the beans. Also, it's important to mention that the size and design of the machine cause the drip tray to be smallish and cumbersome to empty. It will take you some practice to use this machine without makeing a mess. Nevertheless, the verdict is that I am still very happy with this X3 machine and expect to be for many years to come.
Windor Chair. These chairs are of very good quality and construction. They  compare to similar chairs purchased at three times the price for previously purchased items
amazing healing. irecently purchased a bottle of zymox with hydrocortisone for my lab who has had several really bad ear infections i was spending a fortune at the vets office.i searched the web until i read about this product.i decided to give it a try.im sooooo glad i did.this works !her ears are clear ,she is happy again.i will keep buying this product.thank you zymox
small enough to not want the mini. Most importantly, this is SMALL.   This is the same size as one-person clay pot rice or bibimbap.  It is the size of a deep rich fancy curry takeout.  One cup of steel cut oatmeals will fill up the pot upon expansion.I have no regrets ordering this size because this is much easier to tote around.Now that I have received my shipment, I know a yellow one with a brass knob would have been gorgeous but I have grown to prefer the red.  It's so pretty.It didn't arrive chipped or anything so there's not much to say about how it works.  Just keep the heat between medium to low.  I broke it in by making hot milk (from powder) with banana so yeah, as a pot, it heats stuff up.  No leaks.p.s. one good thing about breaking in the cocotte with white liquid instead of clear water is that I saw two floating black segments that may have been pieces of the coating - yes I did wash the cocotte in sudsy water before breaking it in.  I still don't know where those chips off of the 5 quart are now but I hope they are at least not or no longer in our bodies.I think this Try Me size is a worthwhile purchase because it is light enough to lift up and tilt with one hand to pour into a serving bowl
Indispensible. The only problem: I tried to figure how you could make the label harder to remove from the surface and came up with nothing
Excellent for the cheese lovers. All knives are not created equal.  If you indulge in a variety of cheeses and are spending big bucks on the best quality, why not spend the money on  the correct knife for cutting and serving your cheeses?  Finely crafted  enough for even an elegant cheese display
Great Glasses. I love the fact that these glasses can go in the dishwasher.. they are not nearly as susceptible to breakage as the Riedel glasses with stems. I have also experienced first hand the difference it makes to drink a varietal out of the correct glass...otherwise I wouldn't believe it really matters. With free shipping over $25.00 Amazon is the best place to buy the Riedel O series
pizza oven. the pizzazz pizza oven works like no regular oven can. i recommend this product highly
Nice size and weight. Slim, sits in cupboard and wastes no space when not in use.  Good clear bell  can be heard rooms away from kitchen.
works well.... To start, amazon was very prompt to send out new replacement unit. I could not get the water running on the first one. I was a problem with the water tank.I called Krups for help, they said send it in and we send you a new one, took them 7 days to send me a UPS lable.. 1 star for service.At the same time I had a new unit from amazon in two days. 5 StarThe Machine works very well. great creamy coffe, foam great.I don't like the small tank, it seams that i always need to ad water, and often emty the waist tray.heat up time for foam, capuccino and latte, is little long, even more if you do 2 , 3 ,4 coffe'sBut I raccomend it..
No nasty filters to clean!. This humidifier works really well in my son's room.  You can keep the level of humidity right where you want it, or program it for a certain number of hours.  It's very easy to use and keep clean.  The big complaint I have is in how you fill it up.  You have to tip it over on to a rounded top and fill it from the bottom.  If you don't have it perfectly balanced on its rounded top in the sink, it rolls all over the place and can be a big mess!  Other than that, the lack of bacteria laden filters, and the preheated water make it an excellent find
Excellent alternative to shock collars. I have an old beagle who decided in her dotage that she would bark when ever she didn't get her way, she was becoming intolerable, barking at all hours of the night, disturbing everyone around. She is extremely fragile, with a heart condition, and I felt a shock collar could kill her. I will admit I was very skeptical about this spray collar but I was desperate, anyone who has owned a beagle will know that they are difficult at best to train.So  I tried the collar, and I am very happy to report it works, Tallys barking has returned to its normal level,which was infrequent, it happened quickly, within a few days, we followed the directions on the box, which are very important, and had good results. I can't promise this will work for every dog, but it worked well for ours,without resorting to shocks. I don't think you can just hang this collar on your dog and expect it to work, although I do ocassionaly with Tally to refresh her training, I feel it is very important to do the training outlined in the instructions, and you will get results fairly quickly. I am quite satisfied with this product
Good, but not great. A passionate home cook that has been honing her cooking skills for the last 25 years writes this review.  My favorite cookbooks are "The Professional Chef" by the Culinary Institute and "Culinary Artistry".   I love to cook and I prepare three meals a day most days of the month.My husband and I embarked on a mostly vegan lifestyle about 3 months ago and I decided that I needed a larger salad spinner.  I purchased this salad spinner to replace a smaller one that is battery operated that I have been using for at least 15 years.Pros:1.	The rubber bottom on this spinner keeps it in place on the counter while you are using it.  This is a big improvement over the standard spinners.2.	The large capacity is also very nice if you eat a lot of vegetation.3.	The pump is easy to use provided that you remember not to push all the way to the bottom of the stroke with causes it to lock.  This takes a little getting used to, but you will get the hang of it eventually.4.	The pump mechanism should be less susceptible to breakage than the string models.  I have heard from others that the pull mechanism is prone to breakage on the pull models.5.	It removes as much water from the produce as my battery operated salad spinner.Cons:1.	I can't remove the center stem on the basket no matter what I try.  I think that this is a design flaw.2.	The spinner is a little awkward to clean with the center stem in place.Overall, I think this product is middle of the road, not great but not terrible either.  I like having the extra capacity, but I would be much happier if I could get the stem out of the basket to facilitate cleaning the thing.
So Comfortable!. I wish that I had purchased the sheet set earlier so that I could have enjoyed them all winter,  they are so comfortable, even with flannel pj's I didn't have any problem turning over.  I completely recommend this sheet.
aesthetically pleasing. This knife rack complements both your global and non-global knives beautifully.  I store 3 henckels knives, 3 global knives, kitchen shears, and a global fish turner on the magnet with room to spare.  I previously used a knife block for storage, and this wall magnet is so much more sanitary (how on earth do you clean out the bits of grime that find their way into a knife block?) and such a counterspace-saver.  The reviewer who commented on the heaviness of the magnet is absolutely correct - this rack requires mounting into wall studs
great but..... my sisters and I wanted these pots for ourselves as our mom has had these since she got married and they've lasted her for 40+ years. However when we ordered a set, we found that the skillets have a NON STICK coating and we DO NOT want that--we wanted the regular surface!other than that...the sauce pans will last you FOREVER
Euro-Pro Shark Super Steamer Review. I am really glad that I bought this item.I cannot scrub things anymore due tocontinious pain in my arms and this helpsme to keep things clean and sanitized alot.
A shockingly good vacuum!. OK this vacuum makes me WANT to vacuum like everyday! It picks up everything before it first pass. and it fluffs up the carpet fibers so well it literally makes my 5 year old carpet look brand new! I would highly reccomend this vacuum to anyone who needs a top of the line vacuum. And even if you think its too expensive, this thing will outlast ANY cheaper vacuum you could name. But NONE of them will perform like it will.Buy this Dyson. Its amazing!!! And worth every single penny
Very Good Product. I gave these as a gift to my mother for Christmas. She could not have thanked me enough. A very good product for the price
No problems so far. I bought this light for my wife several months ago.  There have been absolutely no problems, and it even seems to be holding up better than my original itty bitty book light.I would get this one for myself if I decide to get another one, but I'm also checking out the flourescent one, which is supposed to never need a new bulb, and you can hardly find the bulbs for the regular ones anymore, unless you go to Zelco's website
I have only had this for a month!. I haven't had this long, but I really like it. The only reason I give it 4 stars is because amazon says it retails at almost$100. ( And that is where I bought it!) Best Buy and Target sell it for  less than $50 when it is not even  on sale. I should have gotten up and checked around! DO NOT even attempt to ues this to clean the whole house. This is great for quick jobs.  I love this for smashed goldfish crackers and things like that. Every mom of a child who still spills needs this or something like it!!
nice product, teflon on pan doesn't last all that long. It works (someone complained about water on the eggs. They are poached eggs. Poached eggs are wet unless you do something to dry them off.) Every other morning, I poach two medium eggs (it's supposed to work with one egg, two large eggs sort of work, two jumbo is looking for a mess, two medium works well), and toast two pieces of bread. The toaster part is a little slow, I wish it would adjust just a little darker, honestly it's fine. After a few trials, you can get the eggs cooked exactly the way you want them every single time (don't let them sit in the machine after they are done though, they will keep cooking).I haven't had the problem with eggs sticking the other reviewer had. I spray a little oil and smear it around with a finger to get 100% coverage. When the eggs are done, I put a piece of bread over the egg pan, turn it upsidedown, give it a little tap and viola.I have one problem. After 3 months, which is about 45 uses, the nonstick coating is coming off the pan. I've been super gentle cleaning the pan. I'm kind of wondering where the coating is going (yum), and I'm wondering what I want to do. I don't want to buy one of these every 3 months. I might take the rest of the coating off with a scotch-brite and see how that goes. I would happily have paid $5 more for non-stick which lasts. I have lots of nonstick pans with no problems after years
great!. no complaints! good quality, easy to put together and larger than I had expected
49erbabe. Don't hesitate to buy this light weight blanket.  It is wonderfully made; the reason I'm giving it a 5 rating is that it fits my California King bed.  I've looked high and low to find a blanket that fits....this one does!  Buy this blanket with confidence.  Deffinately a great find on Amazon, and the price wasn't bad either
Not bad. For the price, these are nice towels. There were no snags or even loose threads. After a couple washes, they looked fine and felt great when coming out of the shower! I guess I should wait till I have used them a while and washed them a few times, but no complaints here
Great Device. Bought this opener to replace one of the competitors that failed to work (Think TV).  This unit works as advertised, one touch--can open
food mill. I had been looking for a food mill for quite some time now. I even purchased one at Bed, Bath & Beyond. It couldn't do the processing at all.So when I saw this food mill, which is like the one my mother used, I knew it would be just what I was looking for- And it was
Truly amazing!. OK, like others here, I was highly skeptical.  But then I remembered how skeptical I was of the concept that you can remove onion and garlic smells from your hands by rubbing them on wet stainless steel, and how surprised I was when that worked!  I figure this must work in a similar way.  Anyway, I bought one of these little gizmos for my cats' litter box area (two cats, two litter boxes).  Despite my best efforts (cleaning twice a day), there's usually some odor there.  With the Smellkiller, the odor is completely GONE.  Totally blew me away.  All I've done is make sure I keep the sponge wet (I just pour a little water into the cup several times a week), and it does what it's supposed to do.  I just ordered another one (different model) for my kitchen.
Finally, a cat collar that works!. I bought three of these collars for my cats because we're moving and I want them to have IDs.In the past, I've tried the wider collars with the safety snap. When I put those on, the cats would wiggle and squirm trying to get the collar off and with the safety snap they eventually unlatched them. Plus, the width of other collars tends to mat the hair around their necks.This collar, so far, is far superior. Two of my cats were hesitant about having something go over their head, but once the Safety Collar was on, they haven't thought twice about it. They haven't tried to get them off or scratched at them, it doesn't seem to bother them at all and since these collars are so thin, the fur on their necks aren't suffering.The sliding motion of the collar is easy to move back and forth yet secure enough to stay in place with regular use. The colors are very vibrant. I got Mango Orange, Maui Blue, and Tulip Red but unfortunately, since my cats have long hair the color gets lost in their fur. But that doesn't take anything away from how much I love these collars.If your not sure, these are inexpensive enough to give a try! If you need to put a collar on your cat, I think these are one of the best options available
Good quality space saver. This "spice stadium seating" - as a friend calls it - is a great space saver.  I can easily fit four rows of spices in a standard wall cabinet and see/access all easily.  Each "step" is pretty deep and easily accommodates larger jars and bottles.  This product was also a lot sturdier than I assumed; it's made of thick white pvc-like plastic
Very Elegant. The set is a very beautiful set. The color is not yellow as it appears in the picture. The color is really Oatmeal beige. It has a distressed finish on the edges. I personally would use it for special occassions/dinners...
I use this whisk almost daily. I purchased this whisk more than 1 year ago and I've used it more than any other whisk in my kitchen. It does a great job mixing & emulsifying liquids (but what whisk doesn't). The plus in my opinion is its ultra-flexible form, which allows me to scrape ingredients off of the sides and out of the nooks of my bowl with efficiency equal to a spatula. Unlike the previous reviewer, I've not had any trouble with rust or other discoloration; it just goes in the dishwasher with everything else. Highly recommended, especially given the price
Skillet. I have always liked Cuisinart products and this one is no exception.  It is a heavy stainless and heats evenly.  It is great for omelets or other egg dishes. I haven't had any problems with sticking if the pan is sprayed first with Pam or a similar product
Thumbs up!!. I love this machine.  While it does take some getting used to it sure does make ironing a breeze.  Yes, the ironing space is a bit smaller than I'd like it to be but hey, at this price I can't really complain
Happy for Five Years. Like other people, I bought this to reclaim my sinks.  I had 4 cats and had to wait my turn to brush my teeth.  This wasn't an automatic replacement, I still had to just stop letting the cats drink out of the sinks.But here we are 5 years later and the thing is still humming along.  I refill the water about once a day.  I super clean it with Q-Tips and paper towels about once a month, including the motor.I never had a leaking problem with the filters.  I did however get a little scared about 2 years ago when I couldn't find replacement filters anywhere.  But since then they have reappeared so the crisis has been averted
AMAZING PRODUCT. I have 3 cats and I have tried every kind of litter. THIS IS THE ONLY kind that doesn't smell at all!!!!! GREAT A++++++++ Worth EVERY PENN
Fabulous expresso maker. This is a well thought out machine.  It's easy to use and to maintain and makes awesome coffee and expesso drinks.   Every expresso maker I've had in the past has been such a hassle to use and clean that I've always abandoned them after a short time.  This one's a keeper
Great Game Center for Children. I purchased this gaming/entertainment center for my son when he was only 3.  He has a 13" TV/VCR and an original Nintendo system with lots of games.  I thought this item would be a great addition to his room because it is sturdy plastic, easy to put together or move, and holds everything I needed it to.  This item is not something an adult would want to have in his/her living area, like one of the reviews I read.  I mean Step2 is a company that makes a lot of products for kids.  Anyway, my son loves this product, and so does his 2 year old brother
Pretty useful. I've only used this for lemons for my Fresh Asparagus soup. It does what it's supposed to do with not too much effort. Worth the money, definately (without the shipping). I plan on buying a heavy duty juicer when I get my own home
beautiful!. Beautiful, good quality bowls. Heavy and thick, they won't break easily. Vibrant colors. I'll be buying more
Easy to Make - Wonderful Ice Cream!. I normally don't write reviews but this little machine has inspired me to do so.  First, it's very easy to use. My six-year old daughter helped me and within a couple of years she could probably do it by herself. Second, the ice cream it produces is absolutely delicious!  We live in a dairy state and are used to quality, premium ice cream - but honestly, the ice cream we've made with this machine tops some of our local dairies!  Like a previous reviewer we made a vanilla ice cream with Heath bits and it's quickly become our favorite.  I do recommend freezing the bowl for at least a day before you want to make ice cream for the best results.  I follow the manufacturer's suggestion of simply wrapping the bowl in a plastic bag and storing it in the freezer; that way it's ready to go at all times.My friends like to tease me about all my kitchen gadgets.  I tend to collect quite a few.  However, I can honestly say that this ice cream maker has been the best gadget for the money that I have purchased in quite some time!  I have been recommending it to them and I recommend it to you too.  I don't think you'll be disappointed
Great scale. I don't know what that other customer is talking about - this scale can weigh down to the .1 oz.  I've used it for soap making for 3 years now, often times measuring in ounces, and it is very accurate, easy to use, and precise
LOVE IT!. I've now had mine for about 1 year.  We had a vacuum previously that used bags.  Having a dog in the home, it seemed that the vacuum always smelled like the dog, b/c essentially dog hair & dander were in the bag in the vacuum in the closet...yuck!So, after doing some research on bagless, this one seemed the best for the price.  I would imagine that the Dyson models are better, but then again, the comparison is between a $400-600 model versus this Bissell that runs just over $100 (with free shipping).I love this vacuum.  I no longer hate vacuuming, and it's good to see just how much dust, hair, & dirt are picked up.  Of course, I do have to dump the chamber during my vacuuming job, but it's extremely simple.
Great surface!. We  live in a rental house in Germany, and the kitchen is really bad.  There is only an 18 inch square counter space to prepare food and to stack the dirty dishes.  I sure didn't want to use this area to roll out dough, and I sure didn't want to use the surface of my dining table, either.  This silicone mat was the answer to this.  The pastry mat cleans easily, and the water just shakes off it.  It is much more hygenic to use this than any thing else, it stays in place, and folds easily for storage.  This is one of my favorite kitchen tools now
Buyer Beware. This is a great roasting rack, however, I bought it to go in my All-Clad small roasting pan and it doesn't fit.  All-Clad makes a set that you can buy.  Unfortunately, I purchased my pan many years ago
50's retro table and chairs. Very minor problem but was quickly worked out and I just love i
Awesome Coffee Mug. My wife recently gave me one of these mugs.  Not only does it not leak but I clip it on my briefcase everyday after work so i never worry about losing.  The product is very cool looking as well
Dirt Devil Power Stick is definitely powerful. This little thing actually jumps when you start it, it has so much power.  But, it is a little weighty and when the filter starts to get dirty, the power minimizes quickly, so it needs emptied a lot when cleaning a lot of dirt.  These are the only two drawbacks that I have found...otherwise, I love it
KitchenAid - worth the price. This is an excellent set for the money.  The steak knives actually cut steak too!  I have recommended this set to family members.  Attractive too
THIS BRAVE LITTLE TOASTER JUST MIGHT LAST FOREVER BUT BE CAREFUL: IT'S HOT. IN A NUTSHELL: WE HAVE USED THE MODEL #22205 DAILY SINCE 1997The model 22205 is almost an exact twin of the model offered here, except it was offered for sale to us in 1997. We have 5 children and this brave little toaster has seen alot of service since 1997 without a single problem.WHAT IT'S ALL ABOUT: 900 WATTS - WHITE ENAMEL FINISH - CRUMB TRAYWe have used and overused this little appliance and while 5 coffee makers and 3 'Foreman Grills' have worn out this toaster keeps toasting just like it always has.CAUTION: HOT TO THE TOUCHLike toasters of old, this one is hot to the touch with only thin metal and white baked enamel between your fingers and the red hot nichrome filaments that are powered by 900 watts of electricity. Actually, it was the 900 watts versus 7-800 watts of other toasters that got me to buy this in the first place. It even has a crumb bin! Well, 9.5 years and counting, but soon we may want to replace it for a 'cool-touch', though I think we will always keep this brave little toaster around for sentimental reasons.[I AM NOT AFFILIATED WITH ANY COMPANY OR PRODUCT
Super device!. I have been using the same product for 1 year. It is really very good. The most important thing for me that it doesn't make any noise while working. It's also easy and convenient to operate.
good support. This neck pillow offers considerable support under the neck---bought it to replace an old one that had become thread-bare...husband uses it all the time.
Great Pillows!. To be honest, I was not certain what to expect when I bought these pillows.  As it turns out, they are fantastic pillows and are quite comfortable
Looks good, versatile, and cleans up easily. This was my second Chantal purchase, and I'm now sold on the brand. The dish looks beautiful, and like a little-black-dress manages to be both casual (a late night artichoke dip for the two of us) and elegant (ratatouille for a fancy family dinner). Plus, cleanup is a breeze; I've yet to find anything that sticks to the surface enough that it needs scrubbing. Good price, too!
It Works!. My new oaken coat tree is fabulous. Ever since day one it has performed beyond expectations. Right now it is over there in the corner holding three jackets and one hat without even being plugged in. Seriously, it is the best thing I have purchased this year as far as value and utility. I cannot pass it without patting myself on the back.
Less trips to McDonald's!!. This fryer makes the most delicious fries,my whole family raved about them! I took the advice of the prior reviewer and kept the temperature at 350 degrees instead of the recommended 375 degrees and everything has come out perfect. Fried chicken is so juicy and crispy,it doesn't soak up any oil!.I highly recommend buying this,it is also a snap to clean!
What a great purchase! I'm totally satisfied!!!!. I did so good on this purchase getting the benefit of it being refurbished it was for a lower price almost half off the original price plus an additional $25 more off. I'm usually "not sure" of "refurbished" items.. but I wanted to try this. Well I'm so glad I did order this one!Also After I placed the order I realized it was $25 more I might have missed out on. Amazon reimbursed me right away for that and it was such a great deal... free shipping NO TAX? can't beat that!I inspected it upon delivery and after "set up" on my counter and I did not see any flaws not even a dent on the mixer bowl. It's absolutley stunning on my kitchen counter as a nice "kitchen show piece". Thank you Amazon for the great deal.I've also gotten GREAT used CD's here at Amazon too. Thank you from Sarah in San Diego, C
Air please. This window fan is great.  My boyfriend is a smoker and this helps keep the smoke from smelling up the place!
Good for the price!. I paid only a small amount of money for this heater and it works fine. The thermostat is a little off, but I can mle adjustments
Colorful, retro style for your countertop. This sugar packet caddy is a perfect match to the cobalt spoon rest I already owned. It adds a splash of color to my countertop, retro-style. The color and glazing is very even, and the edges have a slight "worn" look that adds detail.  It's large enough to keep plenty of sugar packets at hand, but doesn't take up much space. The only possible negative for this caddy is that it is a little wider than the standard sugar/sweetener packet, so the packets tend to move around a little rather than staying perfectly lined up.  Aside from this, the caddy is adorable, and I'm looking forward to adding more Fiesta pieces to my kitchen! (And it's dishwasher-safe... what more can you ask for?!?)Contrary to a previous review posted here, Amazon had no trouble getting this gorgeous little sugar packet caddy delivered. It actually arrived sooner than expected - within about 4 days of ordering it - and that was with the free shipping option
Great Heater for the Basement. We have finished our basement and have a home theater room which is on the cool side.  WE bought this heater to warm up the room and it works great
Great aquarium to start with. I've really enjoyed having this aquarium. Just a note however, if the waterline drops at all the pump stops working. I went through 3 replacements before I realize that it was my fault that they were burning out!
Great Canister for the $. This little Eureka Boss has great suction power.  If you use an upright, but need a canister for furniture, wall carpet corners, window sills, cobwebs, and tight spots under furniture, this Eureka Boss is for you! You can adjust the suction power on the hose handle for delicate curtain jobs which is also great. It's lightweight, versatile, and handles fantastic!  It has a 20' long cord for large rooms, and reaching ceilings is a snap.  I would highly recommend the Eureka Boss for those jobs that your upright won't address
Too Cute...a kitchen must have. This is perfect!  Finally, a banana holder that holds bananas without tipping over!  And, it's charming too...own a piece of art designed by Arthur Court, that is sure to be a conversation piece for all who visit your home
How did I live without it. grilled cheese, meats, veggies-- this is the best
Just what I expected from Calphalon. An excellent kitchen tool. Use it every day. It seems to be of a very high quality.
Super Deal - Great Product. I purchased this product to organize my kitchen cabinets.  It's so nice to open the cabinet doors and find my raisins, powdered sugar and brown sugar all in matching containers!  I'm thinking of buying another set for left-overs
great pan. Great combo, excellent quality you won't be disappointed. I like the nonstick finish on the roasting rack as it makes cleanup a snap. A non-scratch pad, like a dobie, and a little bar-keeper's friend and the pan is easy to maintain. Besides great for roasting, I also use this pan as a water bath for my springform pan when making cheesecakes. The pan is really heavy which is great for holding heat and the raised handles makes it easy to grab. I like multi purpose pans and being a great roaster and a good water bath this pan fit the bill. I like the size as it fits well in my oven. Stainless will last forever with a little reasonable care. This set should make a good addition to your kitchen arsenal
I love Fiestaware. These are very nice plates, they are on the larger side but not too big. They are also very sturdy. I love the colors too (this is my favorite of the colors
Where has this pan been all my life?!. Wow!  Did we ever need this years ago!!!  Goodbye to those metal muffin pans that rust after a year and are a real pain to clean up!  Up until trying this silicone pan, the only thing I had found that was easy to clean, baked muffins without burning and lasted more than a year was a very well made but expensive stone muffin pan!  I still love my stone muffin pan but this silicone pan will most likely out number my stone one.  What a great invention-- why didn't someone think of this pan 10 years ago!!!This pan is so easy to clean up- just use soap and water- maybe lightly with a brush- but that is all!  I had reservations about the baking ability of the silicone Kitchenaid pan- but then I tried it.  I am glad to report that none of my muffins came out burnt on the bottom or hard and crispy on top.  They came out perfect- lightly browned and moist in the middle!I am convinced that the only reason everyone does not own one of these is because they either haven't heard of them yet or because they are a bit pricey!  But shopping on Amazon, you will always find great deals!  Just keep your eyes on these, buy one when you see it at the right price and you will be enjoying baking muffins again!!!!!
Cuisinart Cookware. I have really loved this set.  It looks great, cleans easily, and I love cooking with it.  You really need to use a lower heat setting when cooking, but once I got used to that I haven't had any problems
So soft. These sheets are wonderful.  They are so soft!!  Be careful when you wash them, though.  I got the burgundy and have washed them twice and they are still bleeding onto other things
Great Product. Everyone that comes to our house has to laugh when the dogs ring the bell to go out.  Very fast learning curve for the dogs.  One of my dogs will occasionally lay down with the paw between her paws and put 1 paw on it so it barks continuously until I come.  No problem with the range.  I did have one that stopped working after a year and Lentex replaced it, with a compelete new unit, immediately
NEAT SUGAR BOWL. WHAT CAN YOU SAY ABOUT A SUGAR BOWL? THIS ONE IS NEAT,THE COBALT BLUE IS A DEEP BLUE.GREAT ADDITION TO YOUR KITCHEN,I ALSO PURCHASED THE BUTTER DISH AND CREAM PITCHER
It does the job well. The Black and Decker S600 power scrubber does the job well. I am satisfied with its performance. I was a bit concerned that the battery would quit before my shower stall was cleaned, however there is plenty of power left in it when I am done. It is much easier than scrubbing by hand. I would buy it again
GOOD VALUE. I GOT THESE FOR CHRISTMAS PRESENTS,ONE FOR MY BOYFREIND AND ONE FOR MY BROTHER.THEY WORK GREAT ARE EASY TO CLEAN AND THE PRICE WAS WONDERFU
It works well. I found the floor cleaner relatively easy to use and did my whole floor.  I have half laminate flooring and half tile, so I used it on both.  It did a pretty good job on the laminate flooring and a really good job on the tile.  It left the laminate a little streaky, but I am still learning how to use this thing.  I am interested to see if my 2nd attempt goes better.  It was definitely better than mopping.  I would recommend this product for someone who has a large amount of hard surfaces, I think you will like its convenience
Just right. This pan makes classic, perfect madeleines.  Be sure to use a nice brush to coat the grooves well with vegetable oil or butter.  I prefer this to my nonstick pan because the color is a beautiful golden, not overly browned
Step aside Starbucks, theres a new coffee shop in town!. This is by far the BEST machine ever created for coffee addicts!  Since I got it for christmas I have not been to one coffee shop.  I can make ANY drink that any coffee shop can do and I can make them while I put on my make-up!  This machine is a bit noisy so if you have lite sleepers, beware.  I have mine set up in my bedroom so I can just pop the pods in during my morning routine.  The temperature is perfect, I NEVER burn my mouth, and the taste is out of this world.  They are comming out with new flavors all the time, including decafe for you who need to avoid the cafe-bug!  This is perfect for any life style
makes fantastic toast but doesn't match my stand mixer. This toaster makes the most evenly cooked toast I have ever seen. Even better than my 4 slot Cuisinart toaster. My only issue with this toaster is that the "pineapple" color I purchased this month does not match the "pineapple" stand mixer I bought last summer. This toaster has a green hue to it where my mixer is solidly yellow. I purchased the toaster, coffee maker and blender together in December and they all have a green hue to the pineapple color. Its so bad they actully clash if you put them side by side with the stand mixer. Maybe if you are buying the whole set at the same time you won't have this problem? My mixer broke after 6 months so I am sending it back. I hope they send me one that matches this toaster
Great set of glasses!. Sturdy design and a nifty looking shape.  It was a really good deal for such a low price
Great jumbo mug!. Big enough to hold your morning cereal, afternoon Ramen, or evening hot cocoa!  Gave one to my roommate last semester and she used it all the time!  The finish is not as glossy as some of the other mugs by Sango, and it is not as heavy as the Nova Brown--which is actually a smaller mug.  I personally prefer the Nova Brown type, because it is is a perfect cylinder.  This mug flares out a little towards the top (as you can see in the picture).  However, it is still a great cup, and I believe is dishwasher safe
Awesome deep dish pizza pan!. I purchased this piece as part of a set from Williams Sonoma.  It was a great price, but when I unpacked this enormous baker I wondered what I was ever going to use it for.  We are a family of two, and if I used it for something like lasagna we would be eating leftovers for a month.  I found, however, that it makes the best deep dish pizza EVER!  We haven't ordered delivery in at least two years, and I use the pan once a week.  It's now one of my favorite le creuset items.  A word of caution, though.  I'm not very big, and the baker weighs at least ten pounds.  I dropped it once when it was still wet and slipped out of my hands, and it cracked my kitchen floor tiles!  Proceed with caution, but get ready for the best pizza you've ever had in your life
Love this little guy. I use this every day! I love making smoothies, and this makes it such a breeze. Great for other small jobs as well ...I regularly make a spicy Indian porridge involving a masala with tomatoes, jalapenos, fresh ginger (very fibrous) and coriander seeds, and it liquifies the whole lot with no problem
Just like store bought. This pan makes a frozen pizza crispy just like those from pizzarias.It saves the oven from a mess and produces a crisp crust but a soft topping.A good buy for the money
Very useful...........daily. I find that I use these almost daily.  They basically have become my new prep bowls.........for small amounts.  Nice quality, easy stacking, even great color.  Will probably buy a second set.
delivery mistake but worth the wait. they sent me king sheets instead of queen, but quickly replaced them, they are wonderfully soft and rich looking. i love them!
Great Quality. These knives are very easy to hold in your hand because of the rubber handles. They clean very easily and they are extremely sharp. They cut very well with very little effort
Floormate 800. Very good Vacuum and Liquid management. Believe water collection tank design could be better. Must remove with 2 hands or all your hard work is back down on the floor again
Very satisfied with DeLonghi Toaster!. Purchased this toaster oven from Amazon and it's really the best toaster oven I've ever owned...no more Black & Decker (or the $30 ones).  The toaster and oven are very efficient, it's solid, heats thoroughly and looks great.  I'm very pleased with it.  Also, Amazon had the best price, no sales tax and free shipping
Fantastic RV cookware!. If you need cookware for an RV or small cabin or apartment, this is the highest quality set I've found.  The only way they'd get a fifth star would be to add a non-stick frypan, but this is probably picking nits.  Everything on this set is of the finest quality; it even ships in a soft cotton bag to protect the set while in transit.  Great stuff
looks great, frees up space, but heavy. I got this for our Global collection.  I read the other reviews, and decided to buy this, even though you can find magnets for much less.  When it arrived, I realized it was too heavy to go only into drywall (my opinion.)  With all the tugging from knives coming off, it needed to be in studs.  The magnet is not able to go into two studs set at normal distance, so we had to mickey mouse a solution - a piece of solid wood screwed into the studs, and then the magnet screwed into that.  The magnet looks as it is floating.  Much handier than a wood block, and looks great
Filters used for my nutone range hood. The kitchen odors were getting very bad. We realized that the filter had never been changed. It is an old recirculating system over the stove. Finding filters is for the birds. Filters are all listed by a serial or code number. I think the psychology is that you use ONLY the filter from the original manufacturer. After looking at many different types of filters, these seemed to be cutable-is that a word? We did not need to cut, they fit into the Nutone range hood perfectly. Our nutone hood is so old that we could not find anything listed on the Nutone site.So these fit, the house odor while cooking is diminished. What is not clear is how often they should be replaced. Obviously when the smell gets worse, but I have no idea if 6 months or 6 years. Will buy more, cheaper than a new hood
A great item!. As all Delonghi products, this panini maker is a great buy! The look is stylish, but most of all it cooks delicious food. It is very easy and quick to make all kinds of sandwiches, as well as grilled meat. It is a great convenience to have one of these at home
super super. This is the best griddle for two people - Love it and am glad that I purchased it
Dirt Devil Kone - Makes my life easy. Love, love, love this product! I'm back to buy a couple more of these vacs in differnt colors. I think it is the best house product I have bought in years and I would now like to put one in each of the problem areas throughout my home ie. bathroom, bedroom and wash room in addition to the kitchen. This product is for you if you have a pet that likes to take and eat his or her food outside of the bowl, a kitty litter box, white floors, hair build-up in the corners of your bathroom or a car.  It is also for you if you hate dealing with the upright vac 2-3 times a day to attack these problems or wrestling with an ugly mini vac that should be recharging on your wall. The sleek, contemporary design of the Kone allows you to tuck it away in a corner or leave it sitting proudly in view on a counter top or floor (it is approx. 18"H, so it may not fit on some countertops under the cupboards). The small light offers a little bit of guidance in the dark and indicates whether you have reinserted the handpiece correctly into the base for recharging (it is very, very easy to reinsert in the base and recharge). The Kone is not meant to vacuum your entire house, but since it is so easy to use, I find myself using it more and more instead of dealing with the upright. It does not have a large capacity dirt cup - it is a mini vac, however the dirt cup is easy to remove and clean. Happy house cleaning
Best  Rice Cooker ever!!. This rice cooker does not sing, I think other reviews are confusing it with another model.  This one lets out a simple chirp when it is done.  It makes beautiful, fluffy rice.  It can keep it warm and delicious for a long number of hours.  I wouldn't trade it for the world
New to cappuccino making. I bought this machine because of the price.  I have only made a few cups, and they were pretty good.  I believe that this is something that is going to take practice; because each cup has gotten better.  I made on for a friends wife last night and she loved it.  I would defiantly recommend getting a tamper and a stainless steel carafe to steam in.  Easy clean up.  Recommended buy
Not perfect, but beautiful. I have to say, I think Mr. Walker's review of these glasses isn't taking into account these are hand blown pieces. Every piece of hand blown glass I've ever owned has had small bubbles and minor imperfections, which I personally think adds to the charm of owning something that was made by human hands rather than stamped out by a machine.As far as consistency, the four of these I own are remarkably consistent taking all that into account. Yes, they are not identical, but really, being hand blown, you cannot expect that.My spanish teacher in high school told a story about shopping in Mexico one trip. She went to a glass blower and picked out a vase that she loved. She thought it would be fun to buy several of these for her friends as gifts for when she returned. She asked the craftsman to make her 10 "just like this". The man balked, and started shaking his head, begging, "por favor, poquito diferente". He simply couldn't make each one identical.These are lovely shotglasses, and for a great price
Da Best!. The reviews I read on this toy in Cat Fancy was right on.  My cat cries for this toy every night when I get home from work.  She knows where it is kept and runs right to it.  I have had her for 9 years and she has never been one to play with toys until Da Bird
Lights. Although the lights are very pretty, the information in the box states that the lights are to be used on a short term basis (no more then 90 days) and to be put indoors or dry outdoors.  When I was searching for lights I depended on the information given to me in the description.  Nowhere, that I saw when I ordered the lights, did it specify those instructions.  I bought lights that I cannot use
Great!... This is a great pan to cook loaves of bread.  It cleans easily and doesn't rust like aluminum pans do.  I highly recommend this pan
Handy and Easy. I really like this model. When not in use, the bowl turns upside down and pretty much encases the unit. You can go back and forth from grams to ounces with the push of a button
Nice quality. This mattress pad is plush, soft and comfortable.  Washed it recently for the first time and the quality held very well.  Fits the mattress nicely and doesn't move around.
Great Weight Loss Tool and Nice Looking on the Counter. I love this set. I held off for a long time since I thought them a bit pricy. THEY ARE WORTH EVERY CENT! I leave them on the counter and use them everyday. I am doing the Weight Watchers point diet and these are great! I measure and often just eat out of them too. The fact each cup has two measures is wonderful. I plan to get some as gifts for friends who also follow a diet. Even if you don't diet they are super measureing cups. Very Heavy duty. You will not regret getting these
A way to Really enjoy red wine. These are high quality wine glasses at a good price.The large size enhances the aroma of a red wine, increasing the enjoyment
This knife is great. I bought this knife after researching most of the high-end kitchen knives (henckels, wusthoff, global, etc). It has performed great in my kitchen. The VG-10 steel core lets me but a scary-sharp edge on it (using my Spyderco Sharpmaker) to where I can pretty much slice through a tomato using just the weight of the knife.The D-shaped handle fits great in my hand. If you are left-handed, make sure to get the left-handed model. The curve and balance of the blade makes it easy to chop and dice things.The only minor thing that I noticed was that it wasn't razor sharp when I got it, but I fixed that in about 5 minutes.Overall, I really like this knife. It looks great and works great
Noisy, but excellent. We have had other electric kettles, but the Chef's Choice is by far the best.  It's really noisy when heating/boiling water, but that's a good thing--we know everything is working well and quickly.  The speed is amazing, and my fear that the stainless body would pick up permanent fingermarks has been unfounded.  Excellent value and wonderful design.  I love the water-measure feature and the covered heating element.  No more soaking in CLR once a month as with our others!  We've only had this unit for a few weeks, but it's been used two to three times daily and is a real winner
Coffee Aroma...the best Alarm Clock. Except for having to hold the carafe steady to avoid it dripping while you pour, this is the best small capacity programmable coffee maker for me.And it comes in white which the others do not. Mr Coffee's 4-cup programmable only comes in black. The other manufacturers do not make a programmable coffee maker with less than a 10-Cup capacity. The only aroma therapy I need is the smell of fresh brewed coffee. Thanks Black & Decker
Nice surprise. I ordered these for display only.  I was surprised to read about having to remove the coating before use, but what the heck I was using them to hang on my kitchen wall anyway.  I am very pleased with this product that cost me so little!!
Better than I expected. I just bought this loveseat cover after a lot of deliberation.  I was nervous that it isn't fitted but it fits very nicely and I was able to arrange it exactly how I wanted to.  The one real problem is that it does need to be adjusted very often.  However, it is a thick, nice material and especially for it's low price it is a good find.  Some people wrote that it doesn't fit.  My loveseat is about 63 inches.  It fits across although it's a bit short at the sides but my couch is black (as is the cover) so it doesn't matter.  It also doesn't go all the way down the back but I just have my couch against the wall so that doesn't matter either. The design is more interesting than a solid but still very conservative.  I would highly recommend it
better tasting coffee in this pot. I was worried about buying a refurbished item. But this was like brand new. No problems at all. I love coffee, to the point that i collect coffee cups. This is the best coffee maker i've owned. I use the same amount of coffee as i did in my other pots. The coffee taste stronger, and we never run out anymore. I love not having to pick up a glass pot and pour. just stick your cup under it, and there it is.absolutely the best coffee and maker i've ever had. a must have, for every coffee drinker
PERFECT MICROWAVE!. This microwave is exactly what I had in mind.  I ordered it on Monday night and it came on Wednesday afternoon!  It also cooks very evenly.
Great for shaved ice snow balls!. We have had this for a few years and it works wonderfully. We grab regular ice cubes from the freezer, toss them in, hold down the top and it does the work. I do have to apply a moderate amount of pressure, but it has lasted all this time. I like how the ice is actually shaved, not crushed. Makes a great snow cone or snow ball
Better than magic bullet!. My kids wanted the magic bullet because they really love to have smoothies for breakfast.  I honestly couldn't see spending $60 for something not listing wattage.  Instead, I bought my husband a 550 watt oster blender for Christmas.  I then purchased two of these cups, one for each kid.  They were thrilled and use it often.  They can make whatever smoothie they want.  Before I only made one pitcher, dirtied that and two cups.  Now, after they finish their smoothie, the cup goes right in the dishwasher.  There is only one slight problem I found.  If you plan to hand wash your cup, you may want to invest in a bottle brush.  Sometimes the smoothie will stick to the rounded sides and it has to be physically washed off.  I usually just toss them in the dishwasher
Most durable dog toy yet. This dog toy is the most durable one I have had for my dog. He had chewed and destroyed every other brand we got.  It is still going strong, Kong bones are great too!
No more charcoal lighter fluid!. A great way to start charcoal, get rid of newspaper and reduce petroleum dependency.  Simply use two full newspaper pages to bottom of chimney then fill with charcoal or wood.  Light newspaper, go prepare your food for the grill and when you return (about 15 minutes) a nice flame reaching the top of your chimney signals the coals are ready.  Especially nice in winter when lighter fluid fails to evaporate and permeates the taste of the food.  You'll get instant satisfaction from this charcoal starter and will never return to lighter fluids again
An American Classic and a true gem of a can opener. You cant buy a better hand operated manual can opener!  Thats not right, you cant buy a better can opener period.  This is the best can opener you can buy, except for the wall mounted swing away can opener.  Both are good and will last,  The only drawback I have found with this can operner is that I would like a hole in the top to hang this can opener from a nail or hook in the kitchen.  With that modification it would be the perfect can opener.  It is easy and smooth to operate and mine hssnt left any jagged spur on the lip of the can.  It cuts cleanly.  Why spend $3  for a cheap can opener that are difficult to use and hurt your hand and quickly wear out. Spend a little bit money and get one that will last and are a pleasure to use.  Highly recommended.
Onida Palm dinnerware set. It was perfect for our purposes. Every day dinnerware. Decorative yet simple the only flaws are a slightly irregular shape to the bowls only noticeable when stacked. The coffee mugs are just the right size. The plates are slightly thinner than stone ware and so stack compactly in a small kitchen cabinet. Love that they are dishwasher safe. Well packed arrived in Hawaii with out a casualty. I only wish they made pasta bowls
LamsonSharp Slotted Turner. An excellent product.  Many, many uses.  Has retained it's color and flexibility after multiple washing in the dishwasher.  My son is also requesting this turner.  Well worth the money
Great for making salad dressing. I have one of these and it really makes my ranch dressing so creamy.  I use it to make my own ranch (with the Hidden Valley packets) and it just comes out so much more creamy than using another method
Cuisinart Chefs Classic Nonstick Hard-Anodized 12 piece cookware ser. After 40 years of marriage, I have finally found cookware that lives up to its description.  I enjoy cooking with these pots.  They cook evenly and are a breeze to clean.  The handles do not heat and feel balanced and safe while handling them.I even like the glass lids that allow me to see what's happening without lifting the lid.I just recommended them to my daughter-in-law
Greatest Ever. I burned up countless lesser spatulas before I found this one.  Try as I might, I can not damage it.  Not even in cast iron cookware.  Get one and see for yourself
Very impressed, works Great!. I've used a Starbucks version of the Bodum Travel press and it worked well for over two years until I microwaved it to death (the inner wall started to deform ); after purchasing a second Bodum Travel press, it was not quite as good as the first (the plunger was shorter plus the screen kept unscrewing).  After I inadvertently dropped the thing and cracked it (three feet, onto carpet), I decided to hunt for something different and came across this Coffee Press from Aerolatte.  Its twice the cost but 10 times better!It offers exceptional quality and a smooth trouble free plunger mechanism plus it works just as they advertise.  The only disappointing thing is that you can not microwave it (for obvious reasons) but I do have access to hot water so that's not a big deal.Again, highly recommended
My Favorite Stock Pot. This Swiss Diamond 8.5 quart nonstick stockpot is my most recent addition to my cooking collection which also includes stockpots from Le Creuset, All Clad and Paul Revere.  I've owned the Swiss Diamond for about 2 years and by far, it is my favorite one to  use.  It is surprisingly lightweight.  I don't seem to get burnt food spots on the bottom of the pot when I cook stews or chili.  After some initial hesitation, I now have no reservations using metal stirring utensils with this stockpot.  I have no regrets with this wonderful pot
Good, but not quite as I expected. The knife cuts very well and is just the right length for your average meal prep.  The only complaint is the hollow-ground "fluted" blade does little to reduce food sticking to it.
A classic design and Pfaltzgrff quality. This was one pattern that both my wife and I could agree on.  The design is clean and interesting and should fit with most decors.  I purchased two of the 16 piece sets from Amazon for $...  set and with the free vegtable bowles, no tax and free shipping, this was by far the best deal on the internet.  My first set arrived with two broken salad plates and one broken dinner plate.  My second set arrived with one broken salad plate.  The repacement set arrived with one broken salad plate.  The vegtable bowles arrived intact.  The quality seems to be first rate.  No warped plates or design flaws, but a few item did have some minor cosmetic flaws.  Amazon was GREAT at resolving the damaged goods issues, but needs to seriously rethink the packaging of fragile items.  The only fault I could find with this set is that the soup bowles are a little on the small side.  I recommend that you read and following the cleaning and maintenance directions and this set should give many years of service
Excellent towels. I wasn't expecting much when I ordered these towels.  I had been shopping at places like Bed Bath & Beyond and Linens and Things, but their prices were keeping me from making a purchase there.  When I saw this ad, I was already more than tired of trudging to the store to check out the latest deal.As soon as I opened the box, I realized I had a find.  Most of the towels in the stores even near this price level (and most that were $10-$20 more per towel rather than the set) were very thin and small.  These from Amazon, however, are supple, large, and come in a set of 6!!  Trust me when I say you've found a bargain when you buy these
Pretty slick!. Due to their shape, much easier to store than traditional rounded measuring spoons.  The swivel design also makes them more likely to get clean in the dishwasher.  An impluse purchase that I'm happy with.
Easiest to assemble. If you have ever struggled putting furniture such as this together, you will LOVE this item.  I also purchased the hutch and had both together in about 30 minutes.  This company does much of the work for you!  The desk looks great and made very well.  Highly Recommen
Serta markets Leggett and Platt products... I'm writing this review mostly because of OldAmazonian's complaint that the foam pad is made by Leggett and Platt.  I don't own this particular size serta pad, although I have recently purchased a 1.5 inch version (in the 3 pound weight), and it too came in a rather generic and unmarked bag.However, all (or almost all) of Serta's foam products are made by Leggett and Platt!!!  And Leggett and Platt supplies serta with much of the materials that go into their mattresses too.  So in essence, a Serta foam pad IS a Leggett and Platt foam pad!  Serta doesn't make foam themselves, they simply market the foam products that Leggett and Platt makes.So no, the pad probably won't come in pretty Serta packaging, but it's made by the same company that any Serta foam product is probably made by.  My guess is that Serta is doing "marketing" in selling it for Leggett and Platt as a Serta product here
Darned Label Earns it 4 stars. The trashcan is fine.  I was all ready to report that OXO heard you and changed the way the label sticks to the front of the can.  It was much easier to remove than I had read.  However, there was a thin line of residue and I tried to remove it with Goop off and ruined the finish.  So, this little trash can is costing me $80.00 because I had to order a second one.  Also, be careful not to discard the pedal cover.  Whatever you do don't use Goop off to remove the label
Not bad for the price. This knife was purchased for us as a wedding gift and we've used it for 10 years.  Not all the time, mind you, but for special occasions like Thanksgiving.  It's always worked well, never jammed, and it just slices through a turkey like it was butter.  We've had nothing but good to say about this knife and for the money, well, it's hard to go wrong!  But, if you are looking for something to use more consistently, I would definitely recommend a better brand because I honestly don't think this one would hold up well under a lot of use
Zephyr teakettle. I absolutely love this kettle! It is sleek and stylish and heats up super quickly. It also holds more than it appears and pours soooo smoothly. I gave up my kettle of 20 years that finally could no longer be repaired for this gem and I am in love every time I use it. Beautiful sitting on my stove and a dream to use, even on my glass top stove. I cannot recommend a better or more efficient tea kettle
9 Piece Set for $349!!. I ordered these to replace a flaking Circulon anodized set from a few years ago. I have yet to receive my 9-piece set, so my highly scored review rating is based on research alone for now, but I couldn't wait until mine got here to share the unbelievable price I got on this set. www.potsandpans.com, which sells cookware made by Meyer has the 9-piece set for $349.00! This is by far the cheapest price I have seen anywhere.I was able to add the butter warmer, the 8" skillet and four baking pans delivered for less than the Amazon price.Get these from www.potsandpans.com for an unbeliveable price.More review as soon as they arrive.Update-Well, Amazon seems to have lowered their price significantly in response to the fact that potsandpans.com had it for so much cheaper. Shipping from potsandpans was $50.00 no matter how many pieces I added, so I'm not sure if that still beats Amazon's price or not, but they have come down quite a bit in order to compete, it appears. Mine gets here Monday the 9th and I'm excited
Really Good Toaster. The digital that I have is a great way to get perfect toast.  If anyone burns there toast, it's not the toasters fault, they don't know how to cook
Awesome!  Fast and Delicious!!. If you buy one of these, you will never eat microwave popcorn again.  Be sure to go to your local Smart & Final and get some of the little popcorn packets with the little attached packets of coconut oil, and you are set for a long time.  (Not the healthiest way to eat popcorn, but definitely the most delicious!)  Very few kernels are left un-popped, and the whole thing fills-up in seconds.  Be sure to un-plug it though, just as soon as the popping slows to like 1-per-second or so, cuz the ones on the bottom tend to get burnt when the thing is full.  HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!!
Just what I wanted. I had this white plastic portable paper towel holder I loved and I had it for about 20 years -- I'd never seen another one like it.  It was perfect for my apartment.  It fit nicely on top of my refrigerator and in my small kitchen, there really isn't any place for an under-cabinet mounted paper towel holder.  Then, one day, I knocked the thing off the top of the fridge and a piece broke off.This stainless and black plastic OXO Goodgrips Grip and Rip is close to the one I broke and better, actually.  The brushed stainless body of it looks great.  It has enough weight to stay put.  The rubber ring on its bottom grips the countertop and leaves no marks of any kind.The bottom of the unit has a slightly raised rim to keep the towels from unwinding on their own, and unlike another unit I considered, the base isn't larger than it needs to be -- yet it will hold the large-sized roll of towels as well as the smaller standard size.What I really like about it is the fact that the whole unit rotates on a bearing when you pull towels off.  You can put your hand flat on top of the knob to steady it, and the stainless top of the knob allows the unit to rotate underneath it.  When you've unrolled just the number of towels you want to tear off, you only need to grip the clingy rubber underside of the knob with your hand and the unit won't turn so you can tear off the towels.To refill, just press the black button top center on the knob and it comes off so you can remove the empty carboard tube and slip on a new roll.  The knob snaps easily into place again.Couldn't be simpler and couldn't work better.  And it fits into the limited space I have on top of the fridge.  Seriously, I have to hand it to OXO Good Grips -- their products are typically excellent and this one is, too
Compact and easy to use. The Henckels Twin Sharp Duo Knife Sharpener is a must have for any kitchen.  I use it often, to keep my knives  sharp and in great condition
Huge Mug. This thing is an enormous 24 oz. and is very well insulated.  I am deeply in love with this product
Mixed feelings. I have mixed feelings about this knife. First of all according to the Consumer Report it doesn't cut as well as the Wusthof Classic knives. This size is great for me because I have very small space to prepare food and can't manage with the 8" chef's kife because it is long.
FUN French/Swiss/European Eating. We are very pleased with our HB Raclette Grill! We originally tried raclette cooking in France with friends and bought our own. We've used it for entertaining and daily dining, and everyone has a blast with it! All you have to do is prepare food items (potatoes, cheese, deli meats, veggies, eggs, etc) and each person cooks up their own combination. As the food cooks/heats you enjoy great conversation with up to eight friends, over the raclette and perhaps a glass of wine. Cleaning is simple given the removable parts and non-stick cooking surfaces.The machine is quite handsome (more stylish than other comparables) with those crescent handles and nifty (baby) pans. The grill that rests on top is very useful and easily removable. The machine comes with the temperature dial on one side and the red indicator light, letting you know that the machine is plugged in (heating is fairly quick). The heat resistant plastic (baby) spatulas are surprisingly versatile. (Some other raclettes don't come with an indicator light or spatulas!)If I had to note anything I didn't fully appreciate, it would be that the machine doesn't seem to have an off mode, other than pulling the plug. The only other thing to mention is concerning grill cooking. If the heat is up high and you leave fatty foods or oil on top, splatter can occur firing unfriendly projectiles/globules and making clean up a bit more work. This is true of any indoor grill though. Just be careful.All in all, we love the raclette and use it happily and quite often! It is highly recommended
Model 640. I'm very pleased with this slicer. Shaves ham and slices bread. Cheddar cheese doesn't slow the motor down in the least. Nicely designed. Easy to clean, it takes less than 10 minutes to disassemble, wash and re-assemble. It fits on the kitchen counter and is good looking. Highly recommended
Consider the Alternatives. This knife is certainly of high quality and construction, but consider the price.  In my experience, I have bought a similar Santoku however mine is a 7" model and I have yet to find any job it really cannot do.  I also found it to be the perfect size and balance in my hand.  I guarantee these are the ones you're mostly seeing the pros use on TV.With a 5" model, you may be able to get by chopping small veggies like garlic, but you'll find you won't be able to to a lot of larger jobs such as larger veggies or cutting meat.  Plus the price is pretty high (~$70) for one smallish knife
Nice large pockets for deep matresses. What a set of sheets! They cover everything from the boxspring up to the matress pad!!!! No stretching or fighting to get the corners on. Very comfortable and wash and dry nicely
Size doesn't matter............. ALL toppers are cut smaller than the mattress size so that your sheets fit properly. This inch or so on each side does not cause your bed to be smaller! How many people sleep on that 1" edge of the bed (without falling off)??? If it is going to bother you, do what I did. Order a larger size and cut it down. The material cuts pretty easily, but it really makes no difference. My only problem now is getting my 14 year old son off of my bed.  He loves the comfort as much as I do.  Awsome for back, shoulder & neck issues, and provides a great nights sleep!  Don't be obsessed by the size difference. Try it, you'll love it! :)
Nice lamps. I have the table lamp and 2 of the floor lamps.  They look better than lamps I've seen for 3x as much money.  They have 3 way dimming.  Overall, I'm very pleased
Surprising benefit - quieter!. Ordinarily I would not be particularly excited about odor-removing filters.  However, I was surprised after installing my first replacement set of odor filters that my purifier (model 04163) ran much quieter at the lowest speed setting.  I'm not entirely sure of the added electrical cost of running these filters (I have pet birds that generate a lot of dust and dander and the filters run 24/7), but it may be that the reduced fan speed to get the same air discharge will save me money.  Nice
Eclipse Size. The Eclipse System 3 measures 11 1/2" H x 12" L x 6 3/4" D and holds 3 U.S. gallons
Inexpensive and works great!. This is a very versatile machine, amazing for the price. It has a regular coffee maker side and an espresso side, which makes great espresso, cappucinos, and lattes. I don't know what I'd do without it, I use it every single day
The kitty doesn't care :). I was told that some cats don't like scented litter. This was not the cheapest product on the shelf either. I bought it anyway just to try it out. The kitty did not care.Later I bought a cheaper product, and although the kitty did not notice the difference, I did. Fresh Step traps the odor in the box so I don't have to smell it in the air or on the kitty. It's the only brand I buy.
beautiful little design. This gorgeous little pitcher was ordered for use in the office.  It was just the right size to hold enough water so that I didn't have to traipse across the office to the watercooler every thirty minutes yet still small enough to fit into a small footprint on my desk.  Everyone comments on it!Best of all, it keeps me at my desk so I get more accomplished without interuption.  The water cooler is just past the office of my boss; if she sees me up and around she thinks I have nothing to do!  This circumvents the problem nicely.
Versatile scrapbooking and cardmaking system. Fiskars, well-known for their scissors and paper punches, makes a great system for embossing, stenciling and cutting. It's super for scrapbooking and cardmaking. Everything in these sets works together. I have several of the sets, and thought you might be interested in this versatile system.The first piece that you need is the Scrapboss. Measuring 12 inches by 12 inches, it's big enough for full-size scrapbook pages. Templates are fastened to it by repositionable pegs. Underneath, there's a storage tray to store templates and paper. It comes with 2 styluses, some stencils, and a project book. The Scrapboss can use any stencils and templates that Fiskars makes.There's a smaller cousin, the Shapeboss. It fits stencils and templates that are 9 inches by 11 inches and smaller. It comes with a stylus and some stencils. It does not have the storage tray. For the smallest sizes, try the Cardboss or Mini ShapeBoss Set The stencils listed on those pages both work on the Scrapboss and Shapeboss.Embossing and StencilingEmbossing and stenciling are very easy with this system. The laser-cut stencils come in two parts. First you lay the bottom piece on the Scrapboss, then the top piece. The top piece has grid lines and is marked, "top." Next I usually put a couple pegs in the corners to hold it securely in place. I position the paper, cardstock, or thin metal in between the two pieces and, start embossing. The styluses comes with different size tips. Smaller tips are better for detailed areas, while large areas can be finished quickly with the bigger tips.The stencils come in a large variety, from abstract lines and letters, good for lots of pages, to holiday and baby themes. If you click on the small pictures on this page and this page, you can see the details of each one.Sometimes I emboss right on a 12x12" scrapbook page and create borders and frames. I also make embellishments by embossing smaller pieces or copper pieces. I usually emboss before cutting them out. It's easier.Another set that I use alot to make photo mats and embellishments for scrapbooking and cards are the Texture Plates. They're made of hard plastic with holes at the top for the pegs. Each is two-sided, with a different texture on each side. The assortment pack is a great value and contains 6 double sided plates (12 designs) including hearts/ stars, lines/waves, bubbles/dots, squares/fabric, stones/bricks and wood/leaves.I use the Texture Plates with the Shape Templates that I'll talk about later to create my own textured die-cuts. For example, I put the heart shape template on the Scrapboss with a hearts texture plate beneath it. I slide my paper in-between. I emboss inside the heart shape, creating a hearts texture. Then I cut out the heart shape. It's very cute! I also like to create titles this way, using the letter and number shape templates and the other texture plates.CuttingThe Fiskars templates for cutting are designed for the ShapeCutter. It's a very safe and accurate way to cut out clean shapes and letters. The cutting mat and shape templates fit the Scrapboss or Shapeboss and have holes to secure them with the pegs. Using the ShapeCutter is very simple. Hold the base of the ShapeCutter inside the template and follow around the edge. To cut a freehand design, I just look down at the blade and follow my traced line. The blade is adjusted by a knob on top for different paper thicknesses.The ShapeTemplates are sturdy plastic with grid lines, and can be stored in a binder. They have several shapes on each one, and some have border designs along the sides. They come in many varieties and letters and numbers. There's also a set of Super Size ShapeTemplates. On these, you can use the inside and outside of each shape, That's great for cropping a photo and creating a matching shape mat.Overall, I use the Scrapboss alot in my paper-crafting. It's very versatile, and I can create many different looks, cards, and layouts
Drinkwell cat fountain. Love it, and my cats love it. I can't believe I waited this long. Great product and easy to clean
Elegant, versatile and useful!. I am so pleased with my purchase of this dinnerware!  It is such a tasteful and elegant pattern that can be used for special occasions as well as everyday.  It's not as heavy as stoneware which is nice when doing dishes, but it is fired to be tough enough to withstand, oven, dishwasher, and family use!  It's great!!  We are thoroughly enjoying it
Simple and wonderful. I bought this for my wife as a gift.  Works exactly as it says it does.  It cleans easy and is very small, so it takes up little space.  The espresso is great and seems to work with any kind of ground coffee.  The only problem with it that I have found is that you have to screw it together tightly.  My wife isn't as strong as I am, and has trouble getting it tight enough.  If it is too loose, steam escapes and it looses pressure - most of the time it still brews fine though.  Those with arthritis or weak wrists like the the elderly may find it too difficult to screw down tight enough.It brews 6 shot glasses full of espresso, (7 if you count the dregs). This is enough for me to have my quad-shot mochas, and leave my wife with enough for her tastes.Filled to just even with the safety valve with hot or warm tap water, then placed on the burner of  my electric stove set to "high", it takes 5 minutes to brew the pot. If I use cold water it takes another minute or so.   I highly recommend this for anyone who likes espresso or espresso drinks like mochas.  This is a very simple way to brew excellent espresso and has none of the fuss of those fancy espresso machines.
Great for Leftovers Taken to Work for Lunch!. My husband has had the 22oz mug for several years now and always uses it to take leftover dinner for lunch at work. It's easy to heat in the microwave, although it heats as unevenly as anything does in the microwave when you don't stir it. It's been easy to clean, has been used and abused and still works well. We love it
Love the Pan. ...was using the Calphalon Non-Stick One Pan for 2 years prior to replacing it with this one.  Was so disappointed with the Calphalon One Non-stick even though the company marketing said it was great - could brown, would not stick, etc.  Anyway, read about this model (Calphalon Contemporary Stainless) on Consumer Reports (was top or quite high) and am really enjoying it.  It browns very nicely and cleans up quite easily (we use Bar Keeper's Friend powder).  Side note - Bed Bath Beyond took back our used pan with no receipt (and clearly used), issued us a credit, and then we used the credit to purchase this one.
Great Can!. This pedal operated can does not scoot around the floor, cannot be opened by my two year old unless he uses the pedal, and has withstood my four year old's attempts to smash through the top.  On top of that it looks greats, operates smoothly, and is easy to keep clean and reload with bags.Highly recommended.
Best Pan I have ever used. I bought this pan and its absolutely great.  It is light weight and cooks with no oils and doesn't stick at all.  The calphalon commercial products are hard to find and this is a great price
It doesn't take a lot to become a professional cook. There are tradeoffs in knife making as there are in most things. If you want an edge that can take a beating, you can't make it very sharp, and if you want razor sharpness, it won't be able to take a beating. This knife is an excellent compromise, providing a very nice edge that is very well suited to its intended purpose. I've been through most of the high-end forged German names, and so far this is the first knife of this size that I've found actually manages to get the concept of hollow ground right in that it successfully repels exceedingly wet foods such as cucumbers, daikon and tomatoes during slicing. And yes, it's plenty sharp, making short work of even overripe fruits.My knife did not arrive from the factory with any sort of "concave edge" that would require any "special equipment" to reproduce (unless you consider a medium grit whetstone "special" in some way), and while I would prefer it if it had a bit more heft to it, it's still an excellent knife for meats, tofu and (most) vegetables. If you absolutely insist on cleaving a kabocha with it, then you might just want to consider a different career path.
I love my Vornado!. I live in an old drafty icebox of a house built in the 1930's. Even when I run my gas heater, it doesn't do much good.  I  needed a space heater, and bad! I was wary of buying a space  heater as I figured it couldn't help, but I'm glad I got this  one!  I read the instructions, followed their recommendationsfor a large room and in about 15 minutes it took the chill off and made it so much more comfortable!  It even reached into the surrounding hallway and dining room.  I'm quite pleased.  As a pet owner, I also appreciate the smaller vents that keep curious kitty cat's out of the heater.  My cats all congregate by it and there's no way for  them to get inside of it
Not just for Pizza. I LOVE these screens because they do SO MUCH MORE than pizza. YUP, I'm a multi-task gadget junkie and these fit the requirements. Use them for a "splatter screen" when pan frying, roast nuts, make croutons or bruchetta and of course.... pizza crust is done from underside like it should be
It takes a bit to get used to but ... in the long run, I can see it being faster than pulling out an iron and board after some practice. A perfectly ironed shirt is not one of my requirements but if it is for you, you might want to stick with a regular iron, it will do a more detailed job especially with the cuffs and collars and a regular iron IS required on badly wrinkled items. These presses are best for slacks or items that are for the most part flat.As far as the units operation, I had no problem what-so-ever, I cleaned an area off my living room table, placed it on the end and sat on the couch and worked on a couple of shirt while watching the TV.I probably didn't use the steam as much as others so I didn't have a problem with the press cooling off or having to wait for the steam light but the steamer does leave a lot to be desired, several times I ended up with wet patches on my shirt because it seems to spit rather than steam. It worked from start to end without having to wait on it. It also heated up pretty quick. After reading some of the reviews others left on the smaller unit I decided to buy it anyways and the larger unit, over all, I'm pleased with it and will continue to use it. I'm now thinking about purchasing the table for it so i can set it up in one of the spare rooms and leaving it for when ever i need a quick press.. Now I can return the borrowed ironing board..I rated this a 4 out of 5 because you still need an iron for badly wrinkled items and because it spits instead of steams!Hope this helps...
Best Ice Cream Possible. I highly recommend this item.  I had a Donvier, and it doesn't begin to compare.  This makes the richest, creamiest home made ice cream I've ever had.  Because the motor is so strong, and because it continually aerates, it adds a lot of air to the mixture, with perfect results.  The Donvier, which was hand cranked only once every 3 minutes, froze up,and didn't put nearly enough air into the ice cream.I can make any flavor on the planet, limited only by my imagination, which so far, is limitless.  Its more economical, and no crummy preservatives and artificial ingredients (what, exactly IS xantham gum, anyway?). Just make your ice cream in advance, and then freeze hard in a separate container  for a few hours, and its every bit as good (better!) than store-bought.One slight drawback, though -- the motor is noisy.  I put the machine in my laundry room and close the door, and that helps.
Great office refrigerator. Purchased for my office area - our 'shared office refrigerator' is always a science project.  This baby had SPACE.  Several folks on my team use it - and there is still plenty of room to spare.  Freezer space is roomy enough for a few frozen lunch meals.  Had it shipped directly to my office.  Shipping container was in great shape - unloaded it in 5 minutes and had it plugged in.  It's been working since beginning of September '06 without missing a chilly beat.  Well worth the money
i'm satisfied. water doesn't taste quite as good as ozarka spring (from the smaller, hard-plastic bottles).  but when cold, taste is still good enough for me.  much, much, MUCH easier than lugging home those gallon jugs.  also a lot cheaper.  plus, after reading some of the reports about bottled waters, i'm beginning to doubt if it is any better than tap with regards to bacteria and other chemicals.  in fact, consumerreports.com reports that some of the plastic containers, especially the type used in 1 gallon jugs, can contaminate the water
fun exercise for kitties. Our daughter has two cats--an orange and white Maine Coon and a small, delicate black cat with a tiny white spot on her chest. This was the best present that they have ever had-they LOVE it and chase each other through the tunnnel until they ae tired.  So cute to watch them
Very cute table. I just ordered this table.  It matches perfectly with my couch and the coffee table.  It is easy to put together and I'm not good with tools and screwdrivers at all.  The holes are a little bit small and I chipped it a tiny bit (that's why I gave 4 stars) but I'm okay with that since I can't see the little defect.  It's sturdy but not too strong.  In my opinion, it is a great accent piece.  I've placed a plant over it and looks quite nice
Emerisware 4 qt saucepan. This item is really teriffic! The only negative is its weight (if you can consider that a negagtive!). I knew it would be heavy as I already have the 3qt pan. It cooks very well on lower heat and cleans and shines like new with just a little effort
Get blown away. I have used Patton air circulators for the last twenty years,and if you are looking for something much more effecient thanthe common box fan that you see in department stores, this isreally a fan. The first one I bought had the C.F.M. rating onit, which was 9600----They don't put that on the fan anymore,but it is a three speed fan that will really circulate someair, and can be adjusted to blow straight up. Nothing I haveseen even comes close for the money---
Gotta have one... We have AllClad LTD but when our old electric griddle died, we picked up one of these.  It's such a luxury to have flip food so easily compared to a regular fry pan - I actually look for excuses to make eggs, pancakes, grilled cheese, etc. on this griddle
Great replacement for my 20 year old electric knife. We only pull it out twice a year, Chistmas and Thanksgiving, but it's great to have one sharp and ready to go again. After 20 years, my old one was putting up a struggle
Easy and Fast. This gadget was a great gift for my boyfriend who loves being able to have fresh pepper at the press of a button. The light seemed silly at first but it really lets you see how much pepper you are putting on a dish. We both enjoy it a lot and will purchase the salt version in the near future
Works Great Without Wires. Purchased to replace our constantly broken intercom system. Installation is a matter of pushing a button so even I was able to do it and I love the fact that I can carry the station to the washer or outside... wherever.  We also bought the outdoor station and put it at the front. Now when I'm outside, I don't have to worry about not hearing the doorbell
Very Happy. I purchased the Hall Table, coffee table and 2 end tables.  They were easy for my husband to put together and I plan on getting one more end table.  All the parts were there.&#60;br /&#62;&#60;br /&#62;The only drawback was it took me 3 stores to get all the pieces I wanted, now I have to remember which target had the end tables!&#60;br /&#62;&#60;br /&#62;Great value and good quality, I think they could be packed a little better though
Elegant look! works both as liner and cutain... Elegant look! works both as liner and cutain...we are using it as a liner...but it looks pretty good...softer material...definately a must buy...
my mom loved these plates. i recently purchased the sakura embossed palm 16 pc. dinnerware set for my mom for christmas. she absolutely loves them. they are so unique and when she has company over for dinner gets many compliments on them. nobody has ever seen dinnerware like these before. she is a big fan of palm trees and these fit her collection nicely
Best possible value for $30. This is an excellent pan, a little effort is required to keep the copper looking naturally beautiful but that is to be expected. It's heavy which is another indicator of the quality. Although vinegar and salt will clean the copper, they won't shine it so be prepared to use metal polish to have it looking it's best
Honeywell Pure Hepa 50250. Good unit,  helps my girlfriend who has allergies.  Downside is that it has a bright blue light that lights the roon at night if it isnt covered with our socks,  and its LOUD on high, semi-loud on low.  The brain gets used to the noise though,bad if you watch alot of tv next to it
This is a Serious Piece of Kitchen Equipment. This is a serious piece of kitchen equipment.We make lots of "french fries" by baking them in the oven to keep them more healthful than the greasy ones you can buy in the store. Cutting them up by hand was time consuming and inconsistent, so we bought one of these to see what it could do.This thing cuts serious french fries with no problems. We can cut enough fries in 30 seconds to feed four people (about 8 or 9 potatoes). It takes longer to peel the potatoes than it does to cut them LOL. It also takes longer to clean out the cutter than it does to cut the potatoes. But anyway, the cutter does a great job.Be advised that I had to screw this thing down to an oak board to keep it stabilized for cutting. You don't want to try working this just sitting on the counter top because it takes quite a pull to push the potatoes through. I clamp the board to the kitchen counter with a C clamp and it works great. This is not a flimsy toy but a serious machine. It weighs 15 pounds, probably 20 including the oak plank.It takes a hefty pull to push the potatoes through the cutters, but it isn't difficult once you get the knack of it. If you make lots of fries, this machine will get the job done.I bought this cutter from KegWorks via Amazon. They also have additional cutters available in case you need sizes other than 3/8 inch. You can get additional cutters for 1/2 inch and 1/4 inch fries as well. The cutters are easily interchangeable using a standard phillps screwdriver.This is a somewhat expensive kitched appliance, but you get what you pay for. I read too many reviews telling how the cheaper cutters simply break right away. That won't happen with this one because it is made of metal not cheap plastic
Great Mickey Wafflemaker. This is a Great Mickey Wafflemaker.  It is a hit with the kids and is a good value for a quality product
Great Grill. I purchased the Hamilton Beah In-Door Grill and it's awesome. The clean up is fast and quick. The best part is it's immersible after you remove the electrical cord. I have had the grill for about 3 weeks and have grilled vegetables, burgers, hotdogs, chicken, steak. When grilling veggies place aluminum foil on top to keep veggies from falling through. Or, you can perhaps use a grill basket. But aluminum foil wold be easier. I prefer this over the George Forman Grill because cleanup is quick and easy. The in store price was $29.99 ($10.00) cheaper than the web price. Please check your store price prior to buying online
Great for night shift in the hospital!!!!!. We are a group of 5 night shift nurses that love this sweeper. It did a great job cleaning up our nurses station. We used this product in many ways testing it to see how well it really did work. It picked up not only popcorn, but the kernels too.It also picks up paper hole punch messes, and scraps of paper in no time. it is light weight enough for anyone to use and stores well.We had an older sweeper that took alot of time to use and still left a mess behind. Now it is nice to pull the sweeper out and be done without a lot of bending over to pick up the pieces the sweeper missed. Its great and we recomend it to others, in fact most of us have bought it for our own homes.
Gorgeous!. These glasses are wonderful.  They are a great shape and size (not too small) and really do make the wine taste better!  The only downside is that they are very fragile.  I bought these to replace several of mine that had been shattered.  Not a good everyday glass, but definitely the ones to use for a great bottle of wine or a nice dinner.
Batali Lasagna Pan is Best. The Mario Batali lasagna pan is the best pan I've used.  It is extra deep so it holds really thick layers of all the good stuff I make my lasagnas with.  It weighs a ton since it is enameled cast iron, but that is why it cooks so evenly. I recommend adding about 15+ minutes of extra cooking time to your recipes because the oven does have to heat the heavy mass of the pan.  Cleaning was  easy.  Just soak it in hot sudsy water for a while then all the baked on cheese and sauce will wipe off with a kitchen scrub pad.  The only surprises were that the rim of the pan has no enamel.  It is bare iron.  But it cleaned without a problem and did not rust when soaked overnight.  This is a great pan, but it is very heavy when empty and even heavier when filled with a lasagna so make sure you've got some stong helpers around to put it in the oven if necessary.  :o
Vittles Vault. Great and reliable product.  Would buy more if I need to
Great quality, details and value!. These towels surprised me with their thickness and the quality detailing on them. The edges are beautifully finished and the banding has a sophisticated detail normally reserved for more expensive towels. I bought these as a gift, being fully prepared to keep them for myself if they were not "gift" quality. But, alas, I have to wait for another sale to get some for myself since I was more than proud to present them as a gift. The champagne color is also perfect - very elegant and able to compliment any decor. Five stars for the combination of quality and value - four if you are comparing them solely to $50 bath towels
I love it. I love these dishes.  They are great.  So pretty, and elegant.  I just use them for everyday use, and they are very sturdy.
We are enjoying it. The wine tower arrived in great condition and was fairly easy to put together.  It looks great in our dining room, and we have it filled with wine.  That, of course, makes me very happy
Perfect!. I have had this coffee maker about a week now.  Everything works great!  I had one of the older non-programmable Mr. Coffee's that was still working, but I wanted this one especially because of the auto shut off. So far eveything works great and the best part is the coffee is screaming hot.  The other maker I had it was hot, but not nearly as hot of the coffee that comes out of this one.  For the price, if it only lasts me a year, I still think it was worth it
Nice Queen Set. These have been great sheets, and the price was not bad either.  We did not pay a lot for these but the are well worth even more
worth the $. Performed as advertised, only problem as with all waffle makers is that you can only feed one person at a time, keeping them warm in the oven erases the crispiness, but if your feeding yourself or the others don't mind waiting for a second waffle this is the one you want, or you could buy several of them, (one for each person), just kidding
I love this pot. I have had this pot about 2 years now, and it functions flawlessly.  I have always been a tea drinker, and after my last tea kettle broke (again!), I did some looking and came across this pot. It's not a cheap pot, but I have blessed the day it came into my house. I can't boil the pot dry--it would shut down anyway, and after burning up a couple of tea kettles because I went outside for just a few minutes after putting them on and didn't come back in right away, this was important. It really does dechlorinate, so when I start to taste a little chlorine in the water again I empty the pot out and refill it completely, whcih takes care of it. For as much as I use this pot, day in and day out, a number of cups of tea a day, I appreciate it every time I use it. The water is always piping hot (I really hate tepid tea) when I want it, no waiting for a kettle to boil. It has a 7 hour timer so it can be turned off at night and will have the water hot for me when I get up in the morning. I could wish it had been priced a little lower, but I would not want to sacrifice the quality for a lower price. It still looks brand new after 2 years, too.
Bought for Blade & O Ring. I bought this Blend in go cup to get the blade & the O ring for my blender in my kitchen because I did not find those in any of the store near my home. (Wal Mart, Target etc...).
Great weight & quality - VERY Calphalon like!!. I was very impressed by the heft of this nice sized stockpot! The bottom has a double bottom annealed to it making it very substantial. The handles are just like Calphalon - user friendly! The glass lid has a tiny hole for steam, a nice touch to cut down on it steaming up totally I presume. It's size will amaze you as I bought it for maybe cooking spaghetti - it's big enough for a HUGE batch of soup or whatever. Great value on a Friday sale or anytime compared to the 'big' name stockpots. I'm considering more of this manufacturer's line ;
Thank you Amazon for carrying this item!. You're supposed to replace these filters every two months - I couldn't find them in a store anywhere and tried ordering them online directly from the manufacturer, but I guess my order was lost somewhere in cyberspace.  Amazon to the rescue!  I have finally replaced my coffee maker water filter after 2 years, and that's a good thing
My Border Collie loves this ball!. My border collie puppy has been playing with this ball since she was 10 weeks old.  She has torn up almost every toy we have bought for her, but this one is still intact after 5 weeks of play and a lot of puppy chewing!  She is obsessed with fetch and this is by far her favorite ball to play fetch with (or tug of war).
Tropix Platic Glasses. They work as advertised. I drink a lot of water and like it cold. This is just the thing to have for cold water or beverages.  I highly recommend them. Now if they make a pitchure and larger glasses... I will be buying more of this as I like them so well
a very pleasing knife. Ordered this because (per other recommendations) i have smaller hands and thought this knife might work -- and it does, i am making significantly more salads and whatnot because of this little knife. it is as good as some of the better german or japanese ones. recommended, definitely
Great pans but no care & use directions. Pans are great but there were no care and use directions - luckily I have experience with cast iron or I would have been lost
AMAZING. This cleaner will get out ANYTHING.  New and very old stains are no problem.  I have tried everything on these multiple spots that were left by the previous owner.  4 years later, this stuff, take them out in just one small application.  AMAZING is the only word that I can use to describe this cleaner.It will take out dirt, oil, grease, wine, mold, blood,.....ANYTHING and only in one application
Yes! You can actually drink comfortably from this!. This is the height of cool (literally, the handle stays comfortable) and style with a dollop of unconventionality as the kicker. The quality of the porcelain is high - european quality by this Luxemburg/German company with an extensive line in this style. I love the square plates and many other pieces as well. Believe me, this cup grows on you
Perfection. Holds everything.  Makes perfect pot roasts.  I use all clad MC2 for most cooking, but when I need to braise I use this -- I love it
Small footprint, big performer. This is the third Sanyo SK-7W Toasty Oven I bought. I gave one (he took :-) my original one to my son when he moved away, and gave another one to my parents who felt in love with it when they say it in my home.It has a small footprint so it takes very litle counter space, a great bagel setting that toasts them to perfection. It comes with to trays and does a very good job at toasting and heating things up.Just wished that it was more available in stores; it would blow the competition away
Iced tea spoons. These spoons were requested by my son and I was pleased to find them on Amazon since I couldn't find them anywhere else.  I gave them as a Christmas gift and they were much appreciated
T-Fal Color Collection Nonstick 2-Piece Saute Pan Set, Blueberry. I JUST HAVE TO SAY IF YOU HAVE SPENT YEARS AND YEARS IN THE KITCHEN LOOKING FOR THE PERFECT PANS THAT ABSOUTELY WON'T STICK....THESE ARE THE BEST. I HAVE TRIED MANY PANS OVER THE YEARS..AT HOME AND AT RELATIVES DURING HOLIDAYS AND HELPED WITH THE COOKING. THERE IS NOTHING WORSE THAN TRYING TO FLIP AN EGG OR ANYTHING ELSE FOR THAT MATTER AND HAVE IT STICK TO THE PAN. I HAVE BEEN SEARCHING FOR A VERY LONG TIME FOR THE PERFECT PAN. I HAVE FINALLY FOUND IT. I WOULD HIGHLY RECOMMEND THESE NON STICKS PANS THAT REALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLY DON'T STICK TO EVERYONE.YOU WON'T FIND ANYTHING BETTER. YOU CAN SPEND LOTS MORE MONEY ON PANS THINKING THAT BECAUSE THEY COST MORE THEY WILL WORK BETTER. THAT IS SO NOT TRUE. THESE PANS ARE EVERYTHING THEY SAY AND THEN SOME. MCSMIL
Best Frozen Dessert Maker EVER!!. For making soft serve ice cream in a personal setting, it's really hard to beat the KitchenAid maker.  I learned that it can make a half gallon of soft serve in about 15-20 minutes, and frozen margaritas in 10!  Just take whatever flavors suit your fancy, mix it up, pour it into the maker and viola.  It is a little louder than I'd like, but that's the only downer, and not unbearably so.  It's not overly heavy, and not too large either.  Cleanup is simple, since it dismantles easily and all parts can be put in the dishwasher safely.  Very happy with it overall, and would buy it again
Cobalt Blue. I purchased this in Cobalt Blue. It goes with my Fiestaware dishes, as well as my Pzaltsgraf and Longerberger Pottery. I also agree that the color and glaze are beautiful, and much nicer in person than online. It has a large capacity, and pleasing lines. I'll most likely purchase an additional one in another color for larger holiday meals, to be able to use more than one
Really beautiful and a great value. I was extremely impressed by these Fusion glasses.  I would not pay $20plus for a glass, but if I did I would want them to look and feel like this.  A steal at $3.It is very harsh to criticize them because you did not get twice as many as was descibed.  On my monitor the picture looks grey.  They are clear but the description does not say they are blue. I wish they would lower the rest of the collection to this price.
Good job Drinkwell!!!. I have two cats and I definteley spoil them rotten!  When I first decided to get a water fontain for my cats I chose the Petmate Freshflow over the Drinkwell because the Drinkwell was more expensive and I was completely against the idea of listening to running water all day.  Unlike most customers I've heard from the Petmate worked farily well as a water BOWL.  It was easy to clean and my pump never stopped working as I've read many others did.  However, the water running down the little ramp really didn't satisfy my cats.  They did drink from it, but they would still jump at any chance to drink running water out of a faucet which is the whole reason I started thinking about getting them one in the first place.  About a ear and a half later I started thinking about getting them a new one and possibly going with the more expensive Drinkwell this time.  I saw the new Drinkwell Platinum and decided to go with it right away.  The Platinum is more expensive than both the previous models I was looking at but it is definteley worth the extra cost.  It's like Drinkwell took all the criticism and praise for both thier design and their competitors and created an exceptional pet drinking fontain.  I have had my Platinum for about 5 months now and have been very pleased with it.  The Drinkwell team designed the water outlet so that it would minimize the water from braiding which cuts down on the water noise. In fact at the setting I have mine, about mid way between low and mid level, I can't hear it at all!  They also put a little debris trap before the water even gets to the pump which should greatly increase the pumps life.  The water resevoir is also much bigger than that of my Petmate and the Drinkwell's optional larger resevoir on their original design.  All and all I veiw this as a time where a company actually went out there and designed their product by what thier customers wanted!!!  So after reading all that you maybe wondering why I only gave this product 4 stars.  Well the one thing that I would really like to see is that the actual bowl area be made of stainless steel or some ceramic mix which is totally what I have been told by several vets is the BEST material for any pet to be drinking/eating out of.  If they were to add that one extra feature than I would give this 5 stars out of 5 hands down!!!!!
Inexpensive, easy to build. This Sauder bookcase is inexpensive and quick to put together.  I bought two of these to put in my apartment.  The only problem with them is they aren't the sturdiest things in the world.  Within 6 months one of the screws holding the top shelf broke due to someone applying force to the shelf during moving.For what you pay, it's fairly good
Cuisinart Burr Mill coffee Grinder. This works much better than the blade type grinder. I think you get a much better flavor from your coffee and it seems milder also. I would highly recommend this mill
Love it!. Love it! Love it! Love it! What more can I say.  Works great.  Like new
FANTASTIC product!!!. I can't imagine anyone not loving this electric kettle.  My first one was a gift, received about 5 years ago. It's used numerous times every day and still brings water to a boil as fast as it did for that first cup of tea.  The microwave and stove lose the race to the T-Fal. Once the water is at the boiling point for about 15 seconds the kettle turns off automatically.  That safety feature rates high on my list of kudos for this product.  The handle is extremely comfortable, the pot is easy to fill and pour.  We always take our T-Fal Electric Kettle with us when we travel(we have a 4 cup version as well as a 7 cup...I'm sorry they no longer make the small one).  I've only been able to find them on line but believe me I never want to be without one.
Great Product.....could be better!. Recently my wife got rid of all the non-stick/Teflon dishes due to health concerns. We got this pan especially for cooking eggs etc. Although a little heavy, it is a excellent product and we are very happy with this.I did not give it 5 stars since I believe the handle could be a couple of inches longer and have something like a wooden "cover" to avoid overheating and make it convenient to manage.Overall, I have no hesitation in recommending this......you will not regret the buy!
Fabric is definitely the way to go!!. Ever had a vinyl shower curtain liner always kick the fancy hooks off the bar when trying to unfold it, and you didn't want to buy more hooks because so much was spent on the nice ones?  I did.  And every time I wanted to shower I'd have to be real careful because the ridigidity of the vinyl liner would cause at least one hook to almost release, but usually allow to release two or three.  So, naked I would stand in the shower, hooking the curtain back on before I could go ahead and turn on the water.That is, until I switched to fabric.  Now the curtain can be put outside the tub, inside the tub, drawn closed, opened, and those fancy hooks stay right where they ought to.  I love it!This particular curtain has a string of lead weights sewn into the bottom hem, which at first I was concerned about but there's no evidence of unraveling -- I would expect the lead to remain sewn in after several washings if not until the curtain is simply too old to keep around!Also know that the curtain is not waterproof, it just keeps 99.5% of it on one side which is fine, the curtain feels a bit moist on the other after a shower is all.  Light shining through the curtain offers a pleasant glow, like a nice window curtain, which is something I'd never had with any of the many, many vinyl curtains I've been through.I'm a fabric shower liner user for life
If 10 stars were possible, the Z5 would get them all. I have had my Z5 for two months, and bought it after much careful research. My previous machine was also Capresso, the semi-automatic Ultima, which I love, but I wanted the convenience of the super-automatic functions--grinding, multiple beverage selections, filter system, ability to customize strength and number of ounces, to name a few.The Z5 is simple to operate, a dream to clean, and may be set up to please the most exacting tastes. But above all, it makes great crema coffee, espresso, cappucino, and steamed/frothed milk. The programming button on the top of the machine controls everything from temperature to strength of coffee, to the language which appears on the panel readout. The grinder works quietly and is easily adjusted to whatever coffee you are using. The bypass doser allows you to make decaf when you need to--and you will, because it is very tempting to drink more coffee than you might if you did not have this wonderful machine.The user is automatically notified of all the machine's needs-when to fill the water reservoir, when to clean, when to change the filter, when to rinse the nozzles. My questions were answered clearly and comprehensively by the customer service rep on the phone, and I simply could not be happier with the overall experience of having this amazing appliance on my kitchen counter.It's an expensive item, no question about it. But the solid design, the easy functioning, the excellent product produced, all combine to make it worth your while, if you are a coffee lover. So save your pennies, and go for it. You won't be sorry
BEST SLICER EVER. I like this slicer, its been great, had this for 2 to 3 yrs already, very good, and also has replacement wire, but the wire to cut cheese is very good, probally wont need one for a long time,so excellant slicer, for almost anything, easy to clean even like the cutting board for other things like tomatos and cucumbers and etc. so in conclusion this is best I've ever had thanks Prodyne.
Very practical for your home made ice cream. I bought it because I make ice cream at home and I need exact temperature readings (I use the "How to make ice cream" book that you can find here - superb book).4 stars because the clip is not strong enough to keep the thermometer up when stirring the mixture while cooking
Even Heating Durable Pan. This Pan heats so evenly that it is almost impossible to burn.  I found no problem with the stainless steel being too soft.  Cleaning is no problem either.  The shape is grea
Quality design. There are three things that set these spoons apart from the competition.  The most important is the handle design.  The curved handle acts as a support so that the spoons rest level on their own.  If you have ever measured out a liquid ingredient before you needed it, then you know the issue with trying to put the spoon on the countertop; the spoon tips to one side and the liquid spills.  I usually end up trying to wrinkle a piece of paper towel for just the right height to support the handle, and then hope I don't accidentally bump it.  In the KitchenAid spoon's design, the curved handle is an elegant solution to this problem, and I think it really represents their &quot;for the way it's made&quot; slogan.  The second bonus to the design is the smooth connection between the handle and the cup.  This is great for leveling powdered ingredients.  In competing designs I've used, the powder gets stuck in the nooks and crannies, and it's a nuisance to remove.  With ingredients like garlic powder, small measurement errors make a big difference.  The last nicety in this set is the grouping ring.  I've used designs where you can only remove the spoons from one side, and it's annoying to remove all the spoons just to get to the last one!  KitchenAid has a simple cut in the ring to remove spoons, which allows you to remove them in either direction, as well as getting to the spoons in the middle of the stack.  Also, the ring is oval shaped so that if you hang the spoons, they won't accidentally slip through the ring's opening.  For something as simple as measuring spoons, this set is a great piece of work
Most excellent!. This is a great mill.  It catches the attention of all of my guests who remark at its "pro" quality
The Best. I've used all kinds of potty pads and these are as good as any AND the best price
Love the whole set!. My husband bought me these for Christmas and I love them.  The cups are thick.. feel like a restaurant cups, and the tree is very decorative.  I love the way they look and feel.  We use them every single morning for our coffee.
Great size and feel. Since we bust up wine glasses with distressing regularity, this inexpensive set by a name manufacturer seemed like a good bet. We haven't been disappointed. The size and shape are good, and the quality of the glass and finish are excellent. Best of all, they can go in the dishwasher
so soft. I bought 2 of these and they are so soft and comfy.  I love these blankets.  They are so superior to other blankets in their price range.  The main reason I bought them was the price; the colors are very nice too
great holder. I love this paper towel holder and the matching napkin holder. They're weighted so they don't fly off the counter when removing a napkin or paper towel. The design is very contemporary but blends well with other styles.  A bit pricey but worth it for me
Perfect Toaster!. This Krups Toaster is the best I have ever used!Perfect toast every time. The wide slots center bagels properly and you have the option to toast the cut side only or both sides. The lift function eliminates trying to fish out small pieces with a fork or knife.The defrost function works great.If large bread slices dont fit properly horizontally, they will fit vertically as the toaster is deep enough to handle these large slices.The crumb tray slides out easily, eliminating the usual mess in cleaning out a toaster.All in all, the best toaster I have ever owned
Works Just Fine. I bought this kettle recently and have had no issues with it.  I followed the instructions by rinsing the entire kettle, then boiling 2 full pots of water.  There has been no toxic or other bad odor coming from the water.  Perhaps the people who've experienced this problem live in areas such as Dallas with well known  problems that have resulted from water shortages and the subsequent build up of algae.The kettle boils water quickly which is very handy when cooking.  So far, everything about the kettle works fine.  No complaints at all.The only reason for not giving the product 5 stars is that it boils water.. what's 5 star about that?  :-)
Best I have ever owned!. I have had many different kinds of wine openers...Screwpull, rabbits etc...and nothing compares to the ease of this Cork Pop!  I have the "Legacy" version.  Nice looking and takes less than 10 seconds to remove the foil and open the bottle...no kidding (okay...I haven't really timed it...).  This would be great for someone with arthritic hands as there is no pulling or tugging involved...not even to remove the cork from the opener...just twist and the cork is removed.  It is really the most amazing opener ever!  The only downside I can think of is you will have to have cartridge refills eventually...I received mine about a month ago and have opened about 15 bottles of wine and still have plenty of "juice" left in the cartridge.  AWESOME
It is shaaaaaarp!. I bought one for my daughter a year ago and finally bought one of my own recently and it is the most amazing knife imaginable.  As a vegetarian, I use it constantly for chopping and so on and it is simply effortless.  Money very well spent as I know it'll last a lifetime
A great coffee canister. I was very pleased with this canister.  It looks great and it was priced right.
Nice little knifes. These knifes are small and razor sharp. Extreemly good at peeling & chopping
Great machine, but spend the extra money to get the Gaggia Evolution. I have only had it for a few days, but moving up from a Krups Pump system with only 1050W of heating, this unit rocks!It used to take me about 10 minutes to make a latte with the Krups, as it took FOREVER to heat uo and never made enough steam.This unit heats VERY fast and makes fantastic steam for the frother, which works fantastic, minus the complaint everyone has, the frother is WAY TO LOW TO THE GROUND, they fixed this with the Evolution model.WATCH THE VIDEO!  The tamping and normal uses need to be followed very closely.  I HAVE to use the perfect crema device to make crema, which it does great.THis unit also can be used to heat water for tea in like 2 mins, which is pretty cool.  You just fire up the unit. Wait till it heats, then flip the ESPRESSO switch, not the steam switch, with the steam adjuster already open, then hot water comes from the frother and BOOM...tea!The drip tray is worthless, and is supposedly fixed in the Evolution model.But for $200 this machine is AMAZING...very professional level equipment.The ABS shell is pretty flimsy, but if it stays on the counter, which mine does, it will be fine...I don't need to spend another $300 for the stainless model...even though I would if I has a nicer kitchen just so it matched...(I rent but still have really nice appliances).
Good product!. I do not know about other reviewers, but I am happy with my purchase.  The suction power is great and cleaning the bag is just as filthy as other bagless vacuum I have owned.  It is just something you have to live with when you own a bagless vacuum.
good knife. The knife I purchased had a smaller handle than I expected; however, it cuts wonderfully
I love my broom vac. With cats comes cat hair.  I was tired of dragging the vacuum around and trying to suck up cat hair with a skinny hose.  This is the perfect answer to cat hair on hard wood, linoleum, and tile flooring in my house.  Works like a charm!!!  It is perfect for kitchen crumbs and lint dust on hard surfaces.  No more cat hair
Excellent everyday pan!. This pan along with several others I have acquired from the Calphalon Tri-Ply line is fantastic.  Great weight and balance, superb craftsmanship, the glass lids fit snugly and most important of all, the pricing is terrific.  I have All-Clad and yes, it is wonderful but quite frankly I find myself asking why spend more when you can get equal quality for quite a bit less.  And it is still made in U.S.A.
Great Coffee, Imperfect Design. I bought the DeLonghi DCM485 after reading reviews on all the other thermal carafe coffee makers I could find. My wife and I are quite pleased with the quality of the coffee this unit brews. Keep in mind that we are somewhat coffee "snobs", at least that's how my Mom views us :-) .The unit has one flaw, at least ours does. On occasion, the switch that interrupts coffee flow while brewing (so you can sneak a cup before brewing is complete) would stick, resulting in coffee flowing all over the countertop. With another coffeemaker, I would have returned the unit and purchased another model. I decided to jerry-rig the switch so it stays open because we really do like the coffee from this machine.Were it not for that glitch, I would give this product 5 stars. No one else seems to have reported this problem, so perhaps we were just unlucky
Excellent Value. At $7.99 this is a great item, which is difficult to find in linen stores.  The case is a beautiful, deep navy color with a white zipper.  Linens & Things charges $15.00 for a similar product.  Definitely worth the price
Easy to read and accurate. I replaced my old oven thermometer since the small print had become difficult to read w/o glasses. This one is very easy to read and shows the same accuracy as my old one.  As with other MIU products, I'm very pleased with the high quality and the low cost.
Thought this was great. I got this set from my mother and i love it. The candles lasted a long time. I received it last year and still have the candles, i think they smell great. The plate is really prett
We use it and still love it. It's a great product, I think you will like it.  My wife wanted some flannel sheeting and I found this for a great price.  They start off a bit firm but after a few washes behave very nicely.You will enjoy them I'm sure.  They do wash well
BEAUTIFUL DISH. Although the casserole set & mixing bowls arrived shattered... the baking dish arrived in one piece and it is beautiful. Can't wait to bake my first Lasagna in it..
Norpro Stainless Steel Colander. This is a good quality product that I was happy to receive.  I do quite a bit of pastas and vegetables.  It holds a lot, drains just fine, and is well made, not flimsy like some.  (My handle broke off my last one) I would definitely recommend it
Slow and Steady. OK, so the water comes out at it's own nice easy pace now... sloooooow.... at least it's nice and clean! I had lots of trouble with my New York City tap water before I got this little gadget, and now I feel a million times better when drinking what is significantly cleaner water from my faucet. It is the best bit of change I've spent in a long time
just what I was looking for. This little sharpener is perfect! I was asking for this in stores before it even hit the market. It is so easy to use and it works great. It maintains the 20 degree angle and there is no guessing whether you are keeping your knife at the correct angle as you sharpen it. All you do is pull it through, and it covers the entire length of the blade without missing any areas. It's amazing. Thank you Wusthof! I am using this on my Global knife too, and it works great. The angle on the Global was 15 degrees but for me that was too sharp and it was preventing the knife from traveling on the cutting board. So now it has a 20 degree angle and it works so much better. For me this was a tremendous improvment. I highly recommend this sharpener
VillaWare Prima Pizella Baker Primo!. The pizzelle baker performed very well. The batches of pizzelles were excellent and the recipes included were good. I recommend this pizzelle iron.
Necessary tool. This has become my all-time favorite attachment.  I use it on bookcases, electronics, fans, furniture, wall hangings, frames.  I have severe allergies, so this beats dusting
Best thing.... I own REVEL TORTILLA MAKER for almost a month now, and I have no complaints from the product. It is the best thing for those who want to make Tortillas/Flatbread/Rotis/Puris at home. You just have to know the right technique to make it work perfectly. 1)The Dough should be soft enough. 2)The product should be warm enough before you start making Tortillas/Rotis/Puris. 3)Place the ball at the back-center of the surface. 4)For people who are looking to buy it for making rotis, you need to use the flour for making balls just as it is required while making rotis the traditional way using rolling pin.
The best BY FAR!!!. I have used these types of crochet hooks for years, and absolutely love them. They are designed to be really smooth so the yarn moves across the hook quickly and easily making it possible for you to crochet faster. Plus the design of the hook grabs the yarn and holds it for you without splitting the yarn and creating a mess. Better hide these hooks as others will want to steal them!
Love my Sango!. I have 2 of these (8 place settings) and am very pleased with this product.  I have purchased other complimenting pieces as well and have had no problem with any of them.  They are a good heavier weight, the finishes are interesting (unlike most dinnerware at this price) and the colors are neutral enough to mix with more colorful stoneware type serving dishes.  Also, washes well in the dishwasher!  All in all, a nice product for the price.
This this is SO COOL (no pun intended). It looks great, fits well, reaches far enough up your forearm, and most importantly, keeps you from getting burnt.  Awesome
I love this glassware!. I highly recommend this set of glassware. The kids think they are fun, and it is a topic of conversation when company arrives.
Hassel Free. Found exactly what I wanted for the best price, and shipping was timely.  Quick and Simpl
Hey it Works. Very consistant toasting,and wide enough for bagels and hamburger buns and super-price
follow up on the F7 Jura Capresso. I have had the Capresso for just about 2 years (see my earlier rating.)It is worth it's weight in gold. The coffee is terrific....I have no desire to stop at Starbucks on the way home from work for my usual evening caffiene fix.The customer service has been terrific. Last week the steam knob was stuck and did not turn to open. Since the warranty period of 1 year was over, I was concerned about having to spend a huge amount to get it fixed. I tried cleaning the knob(thinking maybe some milk splatters and grunge had crusted underneath), I also tried WD 40.....to no avail. When I called customer service, I spoke with 'Gunther', who kindly walked me through prying off the knob and replacing it....and now it works perfectly!The machine is operated by my 10 and 12 year olds as well as my cleaning lady and sitter.....and it has never failed. A reproducible cup of coffee.... pretty much each time. On a rare occasion, the coffee is luke warm and has to be discarded. I have learnt the machines little nuances and can tweak the settings to make a perfect cup.I always use whole beans. I have found that when I use ground coffee I have to put in a tremendous amount per cup brewed. I also have only used non flavored coffee beans.The frother can get pretty crusted, so I usually take it apart and soak it in warm soapy water every other day. On occasion, if it is not reattached well it can pop off while steaming and make a bit of a mess, and possible scald you....so be careful. That has happened once or twice, and was probably why the steam knob got stuck with dried milk.At any rate, the Jura Capresso F7 gets 5 stars from me at the 2 year mark
Very  Cute!. I got this crate for my new puppy and I'm very happy with it. Very easy to fold up and carry and love the cute pink color.
Perfect for cleaning tile floors!. I bought this attachment to clean our carpeted stairs.  It works well for that application but I was surprised to find out it is best suited for vacuuming our tile floors.  Whereas our old vacuum would just spit out the dirt as it passed over it, this attachment works great at getting all of the dust and hair that gathers along the edges of our tiled floors.  I use the Dyson without tools on our carpet and then I put this attachment on to do under the sofa and tables and all of our tiled surfaces.  Works great!
Beats any wooden rack out there!. Drying rack is excellent value and is quite sturdy, too.  When it stands up, measurements are approximately 41" high, 28" wide and 14" deep.  This was missing from the product description, but I bought it anyway based on the excellent reviews...I'm glad I did!  Would love another one about 5' tall if it were available though
The one for your best!. Easily outdoes all other corkscrews I've owned (lots).  After at least 100 bottles, it's never let me down!  It always works 100% perfectly.  I was initially wary to use it on my special bottles, but after using it flawlessly on so many bottles, I confidently say it's the only one I trust for my "best of cellar wines."Although the foil cutter works perfectly, two of four small tips have broken off while releasing corks (not to what I would consider rough use) so it won't stay on top of the corkscrew anymore, but that is a minor issue compared to the benefit of this corkscrew.  Recommend leaving the foil cutter off during uncorking and releasing the extracted cork.I have not used it on any synthetic, plastic, or wax covered corks so can't comment on that.  I'm concerned it would gum the corkscrew up.  I'll never buy a different brand or type of corkscrew again.  Well worth the money
A good deal. This duvet cover was a real sleep saver over this cold winter. For the money it is well worth it! I can't give it 5 stars because I do have flannel duvet covers that are much better, but also triple if not quadruple the price! In this case, you get slightly more than you pay for
Great Bowls. These bowls are really great. I have been watching and learning about Fiesta for a long time. This was my first Fiestaware purchase. I will be getting more!!
quite good for small kitchen. works very well both the exhaust and intake functions. Speed is good and works well for a small kitchen
Dirt Devil 082660 Vision Canister Vacuum; Money well spent. This is a good product for my needs.Our household includes four Pekingese, one Yellow Lab, one Persian tabby;all hair ball juggernaughts. We removed all the carpeting [smart move in Florida] and installed tile through out the house.I have to use the vacuum every day [sometime twice] to keep up with the Pack.  It has enough power to grab the pet hair, sand, leaves, what ever they drag in from the yard.I love the retractable cord, because it is not laying on the floor to trip over.  The cord is TOO short in relation to getting around the house, but my house is lacking convienent outlets and I find that contributes to the fact that I have to move the connection several times when I vacuum.Emptying the canister it TOO easy to.  Push a button and it drops into a trash bag and gets tossed out.  The pet hair balls hang up in the filter and require more detailed cleaning, but not every time I empty the main canister.The wand telescopes for easy storage and there is a convienent grip on the hose to make getting into crevices easy.The on off toggle is big problem.  You depress it and it starts to vacuum and then cuts off.  You have to start it again to make sure that it is really on.  This was the same problem in my first canister, the Dirt Devil Vision and I am surprised they did not correct this condition.Over all I would recommend this product.Nin
I heart this knife. I purchased this fine piece of cutlerly on some gift money last christmas.  Little did I know how good of a purchase this thing was going to be.When I got it home, I instantly noticed the weight of the instrument and how well balanced it is between the handle and blade.  I fell in love with it during the first meal I used it to prepare: veggies, meat, even poultry were easy fare.Only downsides I've had: sometimes a little big for delicate or finesse tasks, but that's why god invented the utility and paring knives.  Also, I have a horrible fear of dropping this heavy, sharp object on my feet in the kitchen! (I've made it a personal point to always wear a sturdy pair of shoes while using this knife in particular.)Overall, this knife is worth every penny
Wonderful little knife!. I received this knife from my sons for a Christmas gift this year along with two Wusthof knives.  They are all equally wonderful!  I love the way this knife cuts. It's blade is super sharp. It handles easily.  You hardly have to apply any pressure to cut through vegetables unlike my other knives that I used to have to saw through food with.  I'mm  sure I'll be using this knife for a lifetime.  I am now a very happy cook
Heavy duty for all purpose!. I love these!! Ordered three sets of these brick-red colored mini-bowls for my family and continue to be pleased with the performance. They are good quality little things- used for yogurt, ice cream, nuts, little snacks for the kids- and are microwave oven and dishwasher safe. Try them for yourself- they come in a multitude of different designs. Kudos!
Wonderful fiesta go along...... I hesitated to use these mugs when I first received them.  Now I use them exclusively as our everyday mugs.  They are a nice heavy weight ceramic that helps keep our coffee warm, they do not chip and wear beautifully.   I and my husband do not have a problem with the size of the ring to hold our mug as the other reviewer did.  I would have given them five stars if they held more coffee as I prefer a big mug.   These are simple and elegant in their design as all the fiestaware pieces are.  You can't go wrong with these if you are a fiesta fan
Nice service, thank you. This was for my brother.  He was very happy that I found the product from you.  We appreciated having expedited shipping as an option
Perfect. The style of the gate is great and compliments a well furnished, well taken care of house.  The dogs are effectively blocked from entering the area.  The gate is easy to step over and has not scratched the floors (hardwood)
how to fix under ten minutes. For those concerned about problems with timing less than 10 minutes, when you set the timer, you have to first turn the timer to more than ten minutes, then turn it back down to ten minutes.  My mother showed me this with a Lux mechanical timer fifty years ago when I was a tiny tot.  Another of those useful items of knowledge lost as we careen into a digital age.It's cute as the dickens
Dogs LOVE it!. I am so impressed by how much my dogs love this brush.  They are usually so afraid of anything that makes noise or "feels funny".  As soon as I get this brush out, they come running.  I don't even have to turn it on.  They LOVE it.The ionizing part of the brush really works.  They smell very fresh after using it.I think the messaging part of the brush is the part they enjoy most.  I have a very large dog and a very small dog.  Both are equally enthusiastic about the brush.The only reason I didn't give the brush 5 stars is because the brush part is just ok.  The bristles are very far apart and may be great for long haired dogs, but are just not that effective for my short hair dogs.I love the brush, but more importantly my dogs love it.Definately worth purchasing
Success in the luxury towel search!. I bought one of these towels in a quest to satisfy my sweetie's desire for a thick, soft, huge bath sheet that gets softer with use but stays thick.  Nine months down the road, I'm happy to report that this towel has been all of those things, with no loose threads or snags.  I can't say one way or the other whether the anti-microbial feature makes any difference -- but the towel never stinks, which is a good sign.  Amazon's price is a good investment for a towel that will be around for many years
Love the plates but they arrived scratched. I'm sticking with the lighter colors due to scratching.  My persimmon 16 piece setting arrived with two dinner plates scratched.  I think next time I'll order them as individual place settings as they weren't packed well.  Amazon will give me a 20% discount for keeping them.
Best cookware I have ever used!. I have owned it all and this is the best by far.  Nothing and I mean nothing sticks to these Pots and Pans!!!!!! I bought everything in the lin
WE LOVE IT FOR PANCAKES!. We bought this for one reason: Pancakes and it is great!So easy to use.  Set the temp for 350. dollop on the batter, and cook away.  The griddles will handle between 4 and six pancakes depending on the size.  The temperature is very consistant across the griddle and the pancakes cook evenly.  With the non-stick surface, flipping them is a breeze.  Clean up is easy and quick.We love this griddle and at $30.00 the price is unbeatable
Best for the Money. This garment steamer is by far the BEST for the money.  I compared the Rowenta against the Jiffy garment steamer and the Rowenta outperformed in every category.  For example, the Rowenta has a extra large water storage compartment, allowing for more time between water refills; the on/off switch is easily accessable and operable by your foot; the 15 minute time out means less risk of fire should you forget to shut the unit off; the large wheels allow for easy movement; the heating element delivers steam sooner and more consistently than the Jiffy steamer.  And finally, as for anyone questioning the effectiveness of steaming your garments as opposed to ironing, take it from this bacheleor, steaming is easier and far more effective than ironing
Soft and great quality!!!. I am very satisfied with my purchase. The quality is as described and I will buy more!
Handy, Small-Footprint Spice Rack. This spice rack is handy for a small kitchen, takes up very little counter or cabinet space.  It is extra easy to locate spices on it, and to pull them and replace them, facilitating a grab and sprinkle cooking style.I gave it four instead of five stars, because I find the spice jars just a little too small.  I also wish the curved slots were big enough to hold Trader Joe's spice jars.  I'm glad I bought it, because it sure beats the crowded random bottles-on-the-lazy-susan system we had before
One Touch Can Opener worth its weight in gold!!. I purchased this for my mother who has carpal tunnel.  She has had great difficulty with can openers.  She loves this one!!!  It works exactly as advertised and the fact that there are no sharp edges is a plus.  I highly recommend this; in fact, I am purchasing one for our home
Great Hot Water Pot. I purchased this for my wife, who has allergy and asthma problems, and needs frequent access to hot drinks.The Pot works very well.  There almost no noticeable heat loss from the AirPot.  And there is very little loss of water, so it is a very efficient system
Finally, the perfect slow cooker!. I LOVE this slow cooker. The meat probe means I can make a roast that can be medium or medium well, not nessecarily cooked to a lump o mush. I love that you can cook on "manual" mode like a traditiona slow cooder, or you can use the timer and once the time is up it will automatically keep the food warm on warming mode, or you can set a temperature for doneness for the meat probe and then the slow cooker will switch to keep warm. Doens't cook overly hot and is able to cook perfectly even when the crock is only half or 3/4 full
My favorite pan!. I cook for a family of five (3 teenagers) and this pan is the perfect size.  If you are looking for something lightweight then this pan probably isn't for you - it is a bit heavy as would be expected for a pan of this size and quality.  I use this pan almost every day and it has held up better than my other non-stick pans. It is also EXTREMELY easy to clean.  The only thing I would improve upon is the lid....although nice....I prefer the sleek glass lids over the domed stainless steel.  But I still give it 5 stars because I haven't found a better quality pan for the price....especially when Amazon has it for under $20.  I will be buying another one as soon as I find more room in my kitchen cabinets
I Love This Shower Curtain!. I first saw this shower curtain at an upscale motel that we stayed in while we were moving to a new home.  I fell in love with it and when we moved in I had to have it in our new home.  I installed a curved out shower rod and went looking for the shower curtain.  I found it on amazon.com and was shocked at the reasonable price and quality.  I have since ordered two more.
Top Dog Espresso. This machine is awesome! The thermostat is accurate and helpful, the crema is in abundance WITHOUT the "crema enhancer" piece. I read many reviews from others on different site's, some not so good; they are wrong. This machine makes superior espresso. I just returned from Italy in February, I've tasted espresso from the best machines, this one rivals them all! The tamper is fine, it's plastic but I noticed that in Italy, they didn't really use them the way you might think. It just compacts the coffee down and smooth's it. The steamer works perfectly. Yes, there is dripping afterwards, but rather than extra cleaning up, I just place a paper towel or cloth to absorb the drips, no problem. The cup warmer isn't much help, oh well, in Italy, they didn't warm the cups anyway. Follow the instructions, remove the crema enhancer, YOU DON'T NEED IT, and enjoy. Do get a conical bean grinder, it's best
This is a solid roasting pan at a great price. I have no complaints about this pan. It fit a seven bone prime rib wonderfully and helped make for a fine a jus
Loaf Dish. This loaf dish is great for baking banana nut bread or any other of your choice.  I especially like it when I cook a meat loaf as it doesn't stick as on other loaf pans I have.  In my busy days, I need dishes that don't need a lot of scrubbing
Very please 1st time ordered. This is the first time I have ordered with Amazon and I was very pleased.I needed both red and white wine glasses (none of mine matched anymore)for a Holiday party.  The reviews have helped me alot in making a decision.They came fast and none were broken. I think they are nice for every day and special events too
Great product. I ordered this product from amazon last year. So far I am happy with this product and no problem. Its on my daily usage for baking stuff. I like the feature to switch to broil/oven without flip the baking item. Love the temp control when on broil. I gave it 4 star because I hate the control knob. They should make it more visible so that I know where the knob is. I consider it a good product
Excellent Machine. I know alot of people would balk at the idea of paying this much for a vaccum cleaner, understandably so. Quite honestly, I spent a long time weighing my options and researching for this purchase. In the end I went with this one because of the quality, the warranty and how well it worked.Previously owned a Hoover Windtunnel upright, and there is just simple no comparison, in fact the Hoover is joke. It was a complete tank of a machine, hard to move around, attachments were useless and you could not fit into alot of areas. And in the end, it did was not even close to as effective at cleaning floors, which is really all that matters.The reasons for going with the Miele:How effectively it cleans floors! My carpets never looked so good, my hardwood and tile were never to easy to clean.Long-term investment. You might get sick of a Miele vacuum before it breaks on you.Technology inside is second to none.Tried and true design, German engineering and quality. The parts have a nice feel to them, thick plastics, horse-hair brushes. Nothing felt cheap, or loose or flimsy.Exceptionally quiet.Size of the machine is small, but make no mistake it is incredibly powerful. About the best feature I have noticed so far about this machine, going from an upright, is the ability to get into tight spaces I could not before.Controls on the handle are more convenient than I gave credit too before I purchased. Although you can save a decent chunk of change by getting the Calisto with a knob or two instead, if you don't mind. Same motor and power as the Capricorn.The air quality, oh the air quality! Something we never thought important before, but we don't smell ONE thing while vacuuming. Even if you stick your face over the exhaust! They aren't kidding about these filters, they work and work well. No dust spitting back out into your house all over your furniture.Some other features that are nice are the onboard attachments, the wheels on the canister that move in any direction (very smart feature), Warning lights on the machine letting you know bag is filled, or machine is over-heated. Cord-wrap is also excellent, and strong. Hard floor tool does an excellent job, simply excellent, you will never need a broom again.I find almost nothing I don't like about the machine so far, except that occasionally you hit the wrong button on the hand controls unintentionally.Otherwise the fit and finish is superb, German quality through and through, a real Mercedes of Vacuum cleaners. Some vaccum cleaners (actually most) just re-distribute the dust and dirt in your house. This once truly gets rid of it. And very nice to look at too. : )
Good product. Cherry coat rack is good quality. Legs could be stronger. They slide onto the main post and a bottom knob screws into post to keep them in place.Looks like the picture.
I love this pan!. This is a wonderful pan! I purchased it not so much for cooking pasta but for lots of other things. It has more surface area on the bottom for cooking and stirring anything and the tall sides allow one to stir with gusto. I have retired my other 8 qt stockpot when it comes to making soup. Lasagne is a breeze to boil now. The non-stick finish is excellent too
Saves on barking and scratched doors and walls--excellent. We love our pet chime. It took a little time to train our dog on it but now it's the only thing he uses to tell us he wants to go out. It's also a great conversation piece when company is over. We've had ours for over 1 year and changed the batteries in the receiver once and haven't had any problems. We're getting an extra paw
solid performer. The blender is solidly made with a powerful motor and nice speed control
professional. I have been a chef for over 23 years and bought this knife for my home use as my knives are at work this is a fantastic grade knife with the quality that you would hope to find in a hoffritz or a wustof knife if your looking for a great knife and dont want to spend the bucks this is it I will be buying more for my hous
water filters are keepers. initially, i didn't think the filters were working as the use indicator didn't seem  to function.  I talked with PUR and they said give the filters more time to see if they're good. They are and i am completely satisfied with my purchase from you.  I've purchased many things from your firm and this is the most trouble i've ever had and thanks for following up.Again, all is well with my filters and water
Great buy!. I crossed my fingers when I purchased this cart because of the mixed reviews.  Worse case scenario, I'd just return it.  I'm pleased to say that I am quite satisfied with the cart.  I find it very sturdy (the bottom shelf holds up to 44 lbs!).  In assembling it, I initially put the bottom shelf on upside down (the lip should be toward the floor).  This mistake made the cart very unsteady, but as soon as I turned it right side up, everything came together like a glove. It's a handsome piece with lots of storage space.  I keep my crock pot, rice cooker, and blender on the bottom shelf to clear counter space.  Keeping these 'heavy' items on the bottom shelf and locking the whells also steadies the unit so that it doesn't move when using the sliding adjustable-height top shelf.  I'd recommend it.  Hope you found this review helpful
Air Kong Jack is a Huge Hit. Originally, I got the jack for my service dog but also have undertaken foster care and training for pups up to a year. This toy is so popular with both of the dogs that I should start ordering them in bulk. I'm finding it is especially good for pups who are losing their puppy teeth - it is easier to chew and a comforting break for them than bones or other tough chew toys.  It holds up fairly well with much use although I do wish it held up a little better
Awsomely quick jerky, from ground beef...and its good. am a casual user of the food dehydrator, mainly for beef jerky. I had always used thin cut steak and marinated it for a day or two and then dehydrated. Well, I received a Nesco dehydrator for christmas which had jerky spice packets included with it. Reviewing how these packets worked, i saw that it called for ground meat, a new concept for me. Well, I broke down and got this item and mixed up a small batch, and I am never going back to the steak. It took a while for me to perfect which flavors to use, but this is as close to store bought jerky you can get. My best batch is 3lbs of 96%lean ground beef, one Hot & SPicy pack, One teryaki pack, and One original pack...with one 4 oz bottle of Hickory Liquid smoke...and presto...Store bought beef jerky. I have a Nesco dehydrator (see my other review nesco fd-60), and 3 lbs ground beef fill all the trays with the flat jerky strips. Lowrey's beware. And it's quick to make this, no marinating or cutting up beef, just buy the meat, mix the spices in, and into the gun it goes, and little formed strips of beef come out the gun. It's just like a caulk gun. I make the flat strips, but this kit comes with the capability to make beef sticks as well, which are awesome as well. Try this jerky fans, you will not be disappointed
Buy it!. I bought the Global veggie knife after reading the raves here on Amazon, and the thing is fantastic.  It's wicked sharp, lightweight, comfortable to hold, and just the right size.  Makes chopping a pleasure
6-Quart Electric White Mountain Ice Cream Freezer. I have only used it two times since I purchased it. I rate it as a 4 because it works and runs great. The only think that needs to be improved on is the removing of the motor after ice cream is ready.
More than one use!. I ordered one of these pillows for myself and another for my husband. We use them daily for watching TV, reading or as armrests on the sofa. They're very handy to have, especially if you have neck or back problems. I highly recommend them
great glasses. My sister and Brother-in-law were so excited I finally found the "real deal" on insulated glasses. They work great, and are very comfortable to hold. Just the right size
The Best $20 I Ever Spent!. I got my fish tank in 1998 and had an older BioWheel filter. However it was pretty much DOA when I got it as the wheel didn't turn. I instead settled for an underground filter. However, the cartridge on that went bad last year (it always does every few months) and I forgot to replace it.A few weeks ago I went to my Uncle's house. He's always been into fish tanks and I saw how clear his water was compared to mine. Being that I hadn't cleaned my tank in a while I figured I should revamp it when I got home. I thought maybe my filter needed replaced.Upon my return home I cleaned the tank and bought this filter for $20 at Petsmart (Amazon is great but the $31 seems a bit high for this compared to what I got it for). It only took a few hours and my water suddenly looked as good as my Uncle's.I also fixed the old filter, but this one works better. Sometimes I leave both of them on to provide extra oxygen. This filter has easy to change cartridges that need replaced about once a month or so. They'll probably set you back a bit, but based on this filter's performance so far I will definitely keep up the maintence
Great chair at a great price. I was skeptical buying a chair with only a picture to go by.  I'm glad I decided to go ahead and give it a try.  I have a small room I use for an ofice and was looking for a corner chair that would be comfortable to sit in without a big footprint.  This fits the bill.  The chair is sturdy, the cushions comfortable and the assembly simple and straight forward.  I'd recommend buying the ottoman to go with it.  It's as well made as the chair and a perfect companio piece
Fast shipping and nice flowers. I surprised a friend with these flowers. They arrived in two days and they are pretty close with the site photo.Even with the shipping taxes included they are cheaper than the romanian roses. To bad that they are not shipping in Romania.Update: After 5 days from the receiving day the roses are still fresh and they smell very nice. I am so glad that I could make someone happy with these very nice roses
Book weight. Ordered this to replace on that I had for years.  It's great for reading a book or magazine on a flat surface.
Swing-A-Way Mfg. Jar Opener. I cannot believe this product isn't in every store!  It has been very hard to find, I have even travelled to other towns to try to find it to give friends who have WEAK HANDS OR ARTHRITIS! It will open any size from a small bottle top to a large pickle jar without effort! I would be lost without mine! Last summer, I found a supply in a small town in Indiana (at $4.95 each). I bought 1/2 dozen, gave them all out and need more, so had to come online!  Buying 6 more now.
Portable Frother. Works fantastic - lots of power for it's size and travels easily with the  compact size and travel container.  Great value for the money!  Practically a small mixer/blender.  I have one on stand at home and use this one for travels.  I get so many inquiries on where I got the one at home or on the road, that I purchased some for friends that were VERY well received
Pet food convenience. When I first got one of these pet food dispensers I was excited at the prospect of no having to keep an open bag of dried food clipped closed in the pantry and gain the convenience of keeping the food out in the open and not worry about our cats getting into it. We started with 1 unit and filled it with Science Diet Feline T/D Dry. I was hoping that the amount of food dispensed would be the exact amount we give the cats per meal, but of course that was wishful thinking. It does dispense an equal portion each time, and I quickly learned that 3 turns of the dial dispensed the amount needed for 3 of our cats.None of our cats figured out that we have food in the dispenser so far, so it is holding up to the air tight claims.After using it for a week we got one more to dispense our Science Diet Feline R/D as well. The kibble is smaller and the knob turns easier (not to say the larger T/D makes it hard to turn, just the R/D is very easy).Cleanings between fillings is a snap. I just pull the knob off and pop the portion dial out. I put the top, main unit, knob and portion dial and put them in the dish washer (I do not use heat dry so I was not worried about how dishwasher safe it was).For us, the conveniences are having the food out in the open, standard portions dispensed, not having to keep open bags of food hidden from the cats and that it keeps the food fresh. We are quite happy with them. In fact, happy enough that I am selling them here on Amazon now. *grin* We only sell what we try, test, use and like.
Cute and Functional. I bought these as I was trying to find my pattern on the internet.  I love them!  They are great in the microwave and they match beautifully.  Perfect for a small dish of ice cream or peaches or to put salsa in for snacking.
Wow!. My Samoyed loves this toy and so far hasn't managed to trash it. Yay! It's sturdy and VERY chewable
Quality Humidifier. This humidifier is great.  The digital humidistat makes the room(s) the perfect humidity level for you.  The humidifier purifies the air in the room, as well.  The filters that are used by this model last longer than the filters used in other branded humidifiers I have used.  It is easy to use and works exceptionally well.The only reason I do not rate this humidifier with 5 stars is because the water tanks are a little inconvenient when filling.  The handles are not recessed into the tank, which makes it hard to set down when filling the tank.  Also, I would not categorize this as a whole home humidifier.  I live in a house that is roughly 1300 sq. ft. and this humidifier is effective for about half of my house
Much needed to care for LightWedge. The cleaning kit is a much needed product for cleaning your LightWedge. When dealing with a product like a LightWedge, it is easy to get fingerprints on, and this cleans it very well. In a way it is like cleaning glasses. The price is good, as is the produc
nice product!. We love these coasters - plus the added bonus of being made of bamboo - it is an ecological decision
Kid's favorite train. I have to admit I was pleasantly surprized to find that the comfortor & sheets were so nice. They were very colorful & seem like they will hold up well against the hard play of a two-year-old & his 4-year-old brother! When they opened the boxes & saw Thomas they opened the package right away & played with them like tents & played tug of war for HOURS & the sheets didn't seem to mind. My great-grandsons both like Thomas but one has a twin bed, the other a full-size so finding something for the both of them was difficult. But, once agian, Amazon made my life easy - just got on line & there they were - two different styles for the different sized beds
GREAT COFFEE, some flimsy parts for the price. After much research we were down to the Gaggia Classic vs the Rancilio Silvia.  The Gaggia won out for two reasons: a) 20% discount from BB&B  b) Most reviews on the Silvia mentioned finickey coffee grind issues.THE PROS: We just received this machine today (12/21/06). We got an AWESOME cup of coffee right out of the box! If you follow the directions you will too.THE CONS: The plastic parts.  Although I can understand they make for easy cleaning (the water tank and the drip tray) they seem to be made of inferior plastic.We will not be using the frothing device except for dispensing hot water.  But that too seems to be a flimsy plastic device.I still highly recommend this product as a step up from steam machines.  It's also a nice looking design and will look good on the counter
magnum 350. once you finally get it going it really is a super filter they just need to make the media chamber more studrdy,it took me over an hour to get it to syay assembled to fill with the carbon!other than that its a great mechanial and biological filter,and the siphon gravel cleaner worked great!just have patience it will definally pay of
Exact Replacement. Hopefully, not too many others are in the situation I was in that required this purchase. In the separation of property, my ex-wife kept the knife block and most of the knives. She gave me some of the most useful knives and until I purchased this block, they were kept in the drawer.This block is exactly like the one we bought together when we were a couple and makes my kitchen feel a little more whole again. It is quality wood, well constructed and bares the Henckels logo which I consider cool because all the knives I have are also Henckels. The knives fit, everything matches and there is a spot for the kitchen shears.For what I wanted, it's perfect
great  processor. this is a great food processor, i have had it only a few days, but i love it, the puree works great, the slicer works really really good.  i have no complaints so far.  i had a wolfgang puck bistro collection 11 cup processor before this one and the food got stuck up in the plastic part of the blade all the time, which you could not get out, wasnt very sanitary, company kept replacing blades, but they all did the same thing, would never reccommend it.  would reccommend this kitchenaid food processor
Outstanding storage capacity. There aren't that many DVD cabinet like this one, with doors containing shelves where DVDs can be stored.Assembly instructions are easy to understand, and it didn't take more than 1 hour to put everything together.  None of the pieces were missing, however mounting the bottom plate proved to be a bit difficult.  I had to use a hammer to get it into place.  Aside from that, building the cabinet was very easy.The overall quality is good, although for this price you can't expect solid wood.  Once assembled the cabinet is taking very little space.  I didn't experience any of the problems reported with the lock.  In my opinion it is important to pay extra attention when assembling the unit so that everything is tight and adjusted properly.The reason why I don't give it 5 stars is for the door knobs.  They are very cheap wood knobs and my 20 months son managed to pull one off the screw.  We ended up buying a pair of new knobs at the local hardware store.Overall a good cabinet that'll provide ample storage for your DVDs
The cutest investment I've made this holiday season. When I first received the WMF Kult Coffee Canister I thought that it was quite expensive for such a small object.  But, after using it for a few weeks I've noticed the benefits of keeping the coffee in a canister that really keeps the ground coffee colder than other comparable containers.  The stainless steel really conducts the cold temperature and keeps the coffee fresher, longer.  I would highly recommend it for any coffee enthusiast
The Best Dog Toy Ever!. My dog, Insane Ninja Grizelda, loves this toy!  It's by far the best dog toy ever sold in these blessed United States of America.  I think that Bobo thing on the Petsmart commercials is just a sad sick joke played on unsuspecting dog owners.  I mean, Bobo??!!! What kind of dog toy is that?  A REAL dog toy name is "Holiday Cheer Toys Snowman."  I mean, that took some people who really don't speak English well a LONG time to look the translation up in the dictionary, and hey, it ALMOST makes sense!  It rolls off the tongue, "Holiday Cheer Toys Snowman."  Anyone who rates any other dog toys as a "Five Star" just don't know what a "Five Star" dog toy is.  This toy is a snowman.  A snowman!  DOGS LOVE SNOW!!!  DOGS LOVE MEN!!! Consequently, it is logical to piece together that dogs will love this snowman, they will love its cheery snowman shape and it's perfectly seasonal!  I absolutely intend to purchase at least three of these toys.  Five star!  Five star!  Five star!
bluebird house. These houses are sturdy and attractive. I especially like the easy-to-open front door to clean it out or monitor the nests
NYC urban chic, a great piece!. I ordered this dining set when I moved into my new apt last year. I was a little reluctant, because even though it looked nice online, I was worried how it would really look when it got delivered. I didn't want to spend a lot of money, but also didn't want to sacrifice style and quality. This dining room set turned out to be perfect. My friend put it together while I was at work one day, so I can't comment on assembly. He said it was easy though. But as far as looks and quality go, top notch for the price! I get comments all the time from people who visit. They don't believe me when I told them where I got it. When you live in the NYC area, there is a certain standard of style you have to live up to. This piece defiantly lives up to it. Thanks target.
Great knife set for the $$. This is a fine set of knives and will no doubt out last me. Put them on my Spyderco ceramic stones and can shave with them all, good steel. Added the 10" chefs, 8" slicer, 6" Boning,  to round out the set. Better half loves the 6" utility and the 5" serrated for her use. These knives treated right will last a life time.And for under $50.00 I just couldn't pass these up! Oh and the tarnish on the labels comes of with damp baking soda.
Heaven!. I purchased the Chiropractic Neck Dogbone, Pillow, and it came very quickly. I haven't had any neck problems since purchasing the Dogbone Pillow! It's a must for anyone who experiences neck pain
Nice pan for a great price. Cooks beautifully, non-stick ring performs well, glass bottom prevents scorching as well as making a great serving platter - eliminates the circus act of getting the cheesecake from the pan base to a plate without cracking it. Very satisfied customer
Time saver. This is a really great product, it saves a lot of time ironing.  I like my jackets looking crsip and it does the job really well.  Even if you don't have the stand it can work on a table.  Be careful with the kick back when opening.  The stainless stell exterior is really nice
Great knives. It was the perfect birthday gift.  Nice sturdy knives with a beautiful block
Mr. Coffee replacement pitcher TP3. The good news is that it is just like the original item that came with the Ice Tea Maker, alas that is also the bad news. The design inevitably cracks in line just below the pouring spout: that is because of the stress caused by the nearly boiling temperature of the brewed tea draining down on it. What I've taken to doing is to use a bit of aluminum foil to divert the hot liquid away from the wall of the pitcher and over the center of the ice cubes, when brewing. I also use one pitcher to brew, and another (uncracked pitcher) to store in the fridge
Excellant clean up   with nice features. I liked everything about this cooker but the heat settings.  I found myself in need of temperatures of 400 degrees, and this unit stops at 375.  Other than that. it was beyond easy to clean and left nothing that I could think of it could use other than for folks like me, a higher temperature setting.   Good design, style and thinking when into producing it
Love the clock timer and cooking ability. I was expecting this machine to cook rice very well based on previously owning a neuro fuzzy logic rice cooker made by zojirushi, which I've worn out after many years of use.   I'm very happy with the new induction heating style of cooking.   It cooks brown rice better.Pro's--Exceptional rice results, almost foolproof.--Multiple menu settings account for most types of rice, including GABA brown (which is supposed to make brown rice even healthier)--Easy to operate.   Select menu setting, add cups of rice to bowl (rinse the rice), fill to applicable mark in bowl, and hit cook button.--Battery backup.   A lithium battery means the cooker will remember its last settings even if you unplug it.  If you're a creature of habit, this feature makes it even easier to operate.--Clock timer with 2 time settings you can set based on the clock's time.  Like previously stated, the cooker remembers the timer settings until you change them.   I leave my cooker set to have rice ready at 6:30a.m. (to pack for lunch at work) or 5:30p.m (dinner).Con's--Water level markings in pan are based on the 6.2 oz cup provided (~3/4 cup).   Don't lose the cup!--Expensive  (my justification is it saves me $5 every time I pack rice for lunch instead of eating in the cafeteria)--Takes longer to cook rice than the equivalent stove method (baking or stovetop)--Timer is military time only (so when I said the timer was set to 5:30p.m., it's actually 17:30)In summary, buy this machine if you want to use the timer function.  If you're the type of person who only remembers things at the last minute or don't like to plan meals ahead, keep your money and get a pressure cooker or a good pot instead.It fits my needs perfectly, so I give it 5 stars.  I also recommend a Zojirushi lunch jar system if you want to use this to make rice for lunch at work.  A lunch jar will keep the rice warm and moist, so you don't have to microwave it.
Oneida Banbury Set. This product was well worth it. I use it everyday and I'm very happy with it. I recommended it highly for a everyday set.  Thanks
Perfect angel food cake. I love this pan! At first I thought due to the color (over cooking) it might make the cake tough, but it doesn't. I do hand wash it and use a rubber spatula to aid in removing the cake. I later purchased their other baking set which is wonderful too.
Tervis is Tops!. I have tried various insulated tumblers, this one stands far above the others. Most insulated tumblers get condensation between the layers when put on the top rack of the dishwasher. Tervis is well sealed and does not have the problem of small leaks or cracks. I use them every day for drinks on the patio. The beverage stays cold and the ice is slow to melt. I live on a lake and spend many hours outside. These tumblers are perfect and never look worn or tattered
A Great Find!. I have read a few reviews on furniture and was weary to be sure, but I rolled the dice and got this love seat. It arrived ahead of schedule and in a box that had been through a lot. So when I opened it and began to put it together I was very impressed. I put it together in under an hour and it is very sturdy. The only thing that was odd is that the directions were only in Spanish. I laughed, but was able to figure it out by using the pictures and common sense. I would recommend this loveseat to anyone. It is an inexpensive piece of furniture that looks and feels great!
Good Product. The product quality is really good for the price. The manual says it fits on a standard size cabinet, I guess it is right except that my sink is 12" deep, too deep that this waste can almost can't get in but my husband is very handy to solve the problem by cutting 1/2" of the height. It looks great and slides easily, one thing they need improve is to put cover on it, otherwise, I still recommend this product
Great gift. My wife has already used it a bunch of times. The trick is to give some chocolate bath stuff and a magazine subscription
picture a little off. I found the picture for this product a little off on color.  Mine is more like Black, not much wood color to it.  I still like it though, the color worked OK for me where I was going to put it.  Easy to put together and very sturdy.  Nice table
Very handy. We love this knife storage-- it is out of the way, handy and keeps our knives in a safe place. Best of all, it doesn't take up any counter or drawer space, it just fits underneath the cabinet. Highly recommended
It Does Its Job. I bought this because my refrigerator doesn't have an automatic ice crusher.  My only suggestion is put it on a towel so it doesn't slide around when you're grinding.  Other than that mine's worked great - I haven't yet experienced the 'falling apart' problem that others have.  If you want to crush ice this gizmo has worked just fine for me - it's not perfect but I wasn't expecting perfection.  It's a functional device that does its job
easy, tasty espresso!. This is a countertop friendly, cordless espresso maker that makes great coffee when you use an espresso grind for the coffee.  The auto shut-off makes it foolproof, and it is made of stainless steel, so no off tastes.  I think it is great
Pink sheets..I love em!. I love these they are a bright pink but not too dark..I recently purchased "pink" sheets online that LOOKED pink in the picture but when I received were more a red..but these are perfect and are geniune PINK ..Perfec
GREAT Containers For Bulk Fermentation Phase of Artisan Bread!. .It is during the primary fermentation that the majority of dough's flavor develops. The optimum range of temperature for wheat bread fermentation is between 75 and 78 degrees. It is 5-degrees higher for rye. I have found that these canisters create an ideal atmosphere for bulk fermentation, particularly for breads that do not require folding.This canister will accommodate about three pounds of dough and allow for doubling of size. I minimally oil the base of the canister bottom and dough surface with Whole Foods cold pressed canola oil. After I arrange the dough inside, the loose fitting lid is replaced to allow for the escape of carbon dioxide while also fostering a moist humid climate that keeps dough surface supple.Next step: I use a black felt tip pen to write on a strip of wide blue tape (3M's painter's easy release tape) the following information - Dough type, current time, weight, and other special instructions such as the folding schedule. I then place this tape horizontally on the canister at a level equal to the un-risen dough. Later, this will visually show me the dough's fermentation progress at a glance, and it will also reference any other necessary information.My system works particularly for bakers with numerous loaves of varying styles, with different demands, and time schedules all working at the same time. The blue tape frees up my mind so that I never waste time second-guessing myself with questions like "Did I begin bulk at 1:00 P. M., or was it some other time?" Things can get confusing very quickly juggling several different styles of loaves at once.The dough stays moist in the canister, and this is ideal for refrigerator retarding sessions as well. I use smaller canisters for pre-ferments, biga, levain, etc. For the later, plastic wrap is a superior seal to the glass lid only because one can write information on top with a felt pen, such as time, weight, and hydration percentages. This helps retain a semblance of sanity and order to my bubbling, bread laboratory.In addition to grain and pasta storage, I have also used these canisters for homemade pickled eggs. They look beautiful with pieces of fresh garlic and spicy red whole arbol chilies mingled about the extra small free-range eggs.These canisters do not absorb bacteria or odors. They are dishwasher safe on a low temperature wash, and proven themselves indispensable on hectic Bread Baking Mondays!
5 star hotel sheets. Absolutley love them. This is my 2nd set. Excellent price at $64.99 w/ free shipping.
Really excellent for lazy cooks. Soak the romertopf in cold water while you're preparing your meat and vegetables.  Take the romertopf out, put the food in, put the romertopf in the oven (no preheating), turn it on, and forget about it until dinner is done.  My mother got me one of these as a gift and it started as a countertop curiousity that has morphed into a regular cooking item.  The romertopf has extremely forgiving cooking times, and so you don't have to worry much about overcooking, and the food ends up incredibly flavorful and tender.  Fantastic for pot roasts, pork roasts, lamb roasts, small chickens, etc
Nautica red slicker shower curtain. I bought this for my girl's bathroom for Christmas to create a Santa theme.  The shower curtain was beautiful
EASY for beginners!. I bought this machine because I was interested in embroidery.  I have never sewed anything and I didn't even know what a bobbin was (had to ask my mother-in-law).  I have done 5 or 6  embroidery designs and they look great and were so easy!  My only problem is I'm not getting much sleep because I can't wait to do more!
Very convenient. I have found that I really like this soap dispenser.  It doesn't move around because of the rubber around the bottom so you can pump without having to hold onto it.  With the long spout you can pump right into the sink, sponge or pot without having to pick up the bottle of soap and squeeze it in.  I recommend it
Wonderful Sheets. I highly recommend these sheets to everyone. They are so soft and comfortable to sleep on
Great item for the price!. I really like these, easy to clean, nothing sticks!! They do have a few "lines" on the inside bottom already but I think that's just normal. The holders are excellent!
Fits a need Le Creuset's cast iron line sometimes cannot. As a Le Creuset cast iron fan, it was only natural that one day I would try out their stoneware products.  While maintaining the same color options and increasing their product offerings, I still prefer the cast iron products over the stoneware.  Even so, there are times when the stoneware fits a need the cast iron cannot effectively fulfill.The stoneware is not intended for use on the stovetop.  Besides this, the stoneware can go from the oven/microwave, to the table, and then to the refrigerator.  Virtually non-porous, Le Creuset's Stoneware is fired at 2156 degrees making it resistant to chipping, cracking, and staining. The enameling results in an easy to clean and scratch resistant surface, and will not absorb odors or flavors, and resists moisture absorption.  This line is sure to perform for many years.The stoneware line has many of the same qualities the cast iron line is known for.  This pie dish can be used for ice-cream pies, crisps, cobblers, pies, Shepard's pie, tamale pie, or any other number of dishes.PROS:Fits a need Le Creuset's cast iron line sometimes cannotSame high quality standards found in Le Creuset's cast iron line, but lighter weightMade to last for many yearsCONS:Not intended for use on the stoveto
Bakes beautifully!!. This is a terrific dish that I've used frequently since purchasing.  It does a lovely, light quiche and has served as a baker for numerous other items, from baked chicken to a novel "round lasagne".  Very pleased with it and it's beautiful enough to serve at the table
Great Product. I also have a rectangular version,  purchased many moons ago.  It is reversible.  It's at home all the time, flat side up, in my microwave to catch boil-overs or spills. I never take it out except to clean it.  It is easier and safer to clean this item than dealing with the glass turntable.In response to Elaine L.-- this is not difficult to clean if you know how.  After frying bacon,  drain out any fat and place the rack into your sink.  Sprinkle it with dishWASHER detergent, fill it with your hottest tap water and let it soak for a few minutes.  By the time the water is cooled, the detergent will have done a good job. Then you can finish it by scrubbing quickly with a stiff brush and rinse in plain water,  or put it into the diswasher.  Either way,  its fast & easy.I gave it only 4 stars because of its size/shape.  The rectangular reversible design is far superior to this one.
hesitant at first, but quick easy and GOOD beef jerky. I am a casual user of the food dehydrator, mainly for beef jerky. I had always used thin cut steak and marinated it for a day or two and then dehydrated. Well, I received a Nesco dehydrator for christmas which had jerky spice packets included with it. Reviewing how these packets worked, i saw that it called for ground meat, a new concept for me. Well, I broke down and got this item and mixed up a small batch, and I am never going back to the steak. It took a while for me to perfect which flavors to use, but this is as close to store bought jerky you can get.  My best batch is 3lbs of 96%lean ground beef, one Hot & SPicy pack, One teryaki pack, and One original pack...with one 4 oz bottle of Hickory Liquid smoke...and presto...Store bought beef jerky. I have a Nesco dehydrator (see my other review nesco FD-60), and 3 lbs ground beef fill all the trays with the flat jerky strips.  Lowrey's beware. And it's quick to make this, no marinating or cutting up beef, just buy the meat, mix the spices in, and into the gun it goes, and little formed strips of beef come out the gun. It's just like a caulk gun. I make the flat strips, but this kit comes with the capability to make beef sticks as well, which are awesome as well. Try this jerky fans, you will not be disappointe
The hit of the party!!!!. I had nothing but rave reviews for this chocolate fountain!  I found it easy to put together and take apart.  I used chocolate made for candy making, it already has oil in it. I also added paramount crystals available at candy making web sites to thin the chocolate out.  I can see where people had problems using regular chocolate and having to add huge amounts of oil.  I think that if you use the candy making chocolate (ghiradelli candy making and dipping bar available at Sam's club during the christmas holidays or even wilton candy melts) it really simplifies the process.  I hope this review helps, I certainly had excellent results with this chocolate fountain
They really do work!!. These hooks are incredible!!  I have used them throughout my home to hang heavy art work and mirrors, and the best part is that I can do it myself without waiting for my husband to get out his drill, hammer, leveler, etc.  I love them so much we have given them as house warming gifts, and everyone that has received them from us has been as amazed as we are by how effective and easy they are to use!  If you want a secure and quick way to hang anything on your walls without making a huge hole use these hooks!
Good buy. Not fancy. But it does the basic jobs well. Minor concern  - better at baking than toasting. Toasting takes a little too long and is not totally uniform. But for the price this machine can't be beat.
Fantastic value. I just bought this model and it is far and away the best value I have seen.  I have been using a Juiceman 410 for about 6 months, a centrifugal model, and I wanted to try one of the masticating/auger types.  The Z-star manual juicer is a single auger juicer without the motor, and cranking the handle was a breeze.  I performed a test with it and my Juiceman, where I juiced an apple, lemon, kiwi, 4 strawberries, and 1/8 honeydew, all unpeeled, in each machine, and the Z-star produced more juice.  The Juiceman juice was smoother and had a whipped texture, but the Z-star made more and all the pulp was bone dry.  In my opinion, there is no reason to buy a motorized single auger juicer as long as they make this one.
Great in-between pot. This pot is a great in-between size.  Larger than your sauce pans and smaller then your dutch oven.  The non-stick interior cleans up wonderfully.  My mother-in-law has one and has had it for years, still looks new!  We wash it by hand as to keep it that way.  If your a couple cooking up pasta for two or a family cooking a stew you will appreciate this pot
Great tool for a growing family with a small kitchen. I've had my H-B Step Savor Skillet/Griddle for several months now, and I am very happy with it. The griddle accomodates four medium-sized pancakes, and the small lip around the edge keeps the batter off my countertops. The skillet gets hot enough to brown hamburger meat and has enough capacity to prepare a substantial main dish for a family of 4-6. The temperature control has temperature markings for both the griddle and the skillet, since the skillet temperature runs lower than the griddle.Clean-up is easier than with traditional electric skillets. You don't need to worry about immersing the electrical components because the skillet lifts off the base (which is the griddle) and can be washed like any non-stick cookware. The griddle wipes clean with a paper towel or damp sponge.Though I'm not much for home entertaining, I can imagine this electric skillet being very handy -- you can cook in it, then turn the temperature down to keep the food warm for as long as you need to. The lid has an adjustable vent in it to control the moisture level inside.I only wish that the non-stick coating was a bit tougher. I've been careful to avoid scratches so far, but I know it's only a matter of time. I just hope that H-B keeps making these clever kitchen tools, because when this one becomes unusable, I'll certainly buy another one
Gormet Wine Glasses. These are the finest wine glasses that money can buy.  The effect of these glasses on fine wines is profoud. I can't begin to tell you what a difference they make.  The effect of these glasses on fine wine is profound.  Thanks to worldwide demand, Sommeliers is now the wineglass benchmark and the most successful series of hand-made glasses in the world
great hamper. this is a wonderful hamper.  I live in a building where the laundry is in the basement, and this hamper is great, better than any shopping cart.  One complaint: it's handle is too short, I'm tall and have to slouch to one side when I roll it
Good for the money. As stated before in many a review, this machine is the best deal for the money. Paired with a real espresso grinder (which will unfortunately cost more than the machine itself) this machine is capable of producing real espresso. My father bought this for me for my birthday back in December, and the machine is still in working condition.My only real beef with this machine is the wand. I can live with the lack of flexibility of where you can put the pitcher, however, the black turbo frother and the piece that holds it onto the wand fall off. Right into my milk. I have taken to using the wand without either of them on, but this isn't optimum for latte foam.The only other thing that bothers me is that I have to hold the machine still to put the portafilter back inside the grouphead. This is simply due to the lightweight plastic casing. But I'd rather hold the machine down than have to pay an extra $300 for something in stainless steel.All in all, the machine saves me about 3 bucks every time I use it. Woohoo.- By Zoe Ros, not Tim.
Avante Deluxe 4 Slice Toaster. This is the nicest toaster that I have purchased to date. I like the style & features.  Just a note - it is quite big.  You will need ample counter space for this beauty. I keep mine in the corner of my counter & it is working very well for us
Absolutely fantastic. Got my Pro "S" 7pc. set for Christmas and haven't looked back. In the course of researching the 4- and 5-star and Pro "S" knives, I was informed that the only difference is the handle material. The Pro "S" is the same as the 4-star with a more durable material for the handle. At an additional $20 cost for the whole set, it seemed worth it.Anyhow, these knives make short, EASY work of anything. I love the paring knife...cloves of garlic submit from a mile away, slicing small things is like cutting through a cloud.The chef's knife is fantastic. I was a little miffed when I read that the 4-star set had the Santoku, but I'm not terrribly worried. For chopping "billowy" stuff like cilantro bunches, etc., the pronounced "rocking" action of the chef's knife is clearly preferable to me.The boning knife does it's job well and I prefer it for butterflying steaks, chops, cutlets, etc.The utility knife does a fine job on tomatoes, bagels, etc.The scissors I haven't used much yet...not sure what to use it for besides snipping the string off of butcher packages. They are silky smooth to use, though.All in all, I am very happy I have this set. My sisters have the $60-ish Fine Edge Henckels International set which is terrible...they HAVE been using it on a GLASS cutting board (!) but really they ought to perform better than the pulling and ripping I had to do last night with some red peppers.These knives are FAR AND AWAY in a different league than those and I couldn't be happier. Got my Polypropylene cutting board and I am off to the races
Great small heater!. I purchased this item for a small 2.5gallon isolation tank. With the temperature dropping outside, it was getting too cold for my ill fish. With this heater, my sick tank is now around 76degrees, which has helped with aiding my ill fish.The directions on the product about heating are very accurate, fas far as the temperature difference from room and then when you add the heater
Eureka 96 B Quick Cordless Stick Vac. After purchasing several stick vac. I have found THE ONE.We are a family of 5 with 2dogs and 2 cats, we have wall to wall carpeting as well as tile and lamenent flooring.My Eureka goes from one to the other picking up everything.Thanks Eureka
The best mitts available!. I love the Kitchen Grips mitts/pads.  I've had my set for a few years, and they still look brand new.  You can handle very hot pans safely, and if something sloshes or spills onto the pads, they rinse off easily under the tap or swishing through the dish water.  I've bought these as gifts for foodie friends and they love them too.  Rave reviews from many who slave over a hot stove.  LO
Clever Idea. I got these spoon/straws for drinking my smoothies and shakes.  You can get to the thick stuff at the bottom with the spoon
Jay the chef. This product is excellent. Thank God for MIU,where have you been. These spoon are great and the spatulas are even better. Get more peoducts from this company.   Ja
Good not excellent quality. I needed a smallish stool for my favorite reading chair, not an ottoman and when I found this whimsical character I knew it was perfect and well within the budget. It has nice upholstery detail though the faux leather is only average quality. With gentle use I hope it will last for years
very happy. I'm really happy with this shoe rack.  I'd like it to be a little bit taller, but it holds the shoes very effectively and fits well in my closet.  I'd definitely recommend it
Ready Set (fix lid) Go. I like the coffee making part of the coffeemaker, but, like many reviewers have said, the lid is VERY loose. If the lid is on right, you can drink from it without dribbling down your chin, but it doesn't take much to knock the lid off of the cup. The cup itself looks good, and fits in my car cup-holder (a big plus, compared to those that have handles that get in the way).Overall, you can't beat the price for what you get. And you can use the coffeemaker top on any other travel mug. Melitta just needs to figure out how to make the lid a little tighter
Absolutely great. I have a number of booklites, different vendors, different styles, some AC adapter, some straight battery, cheap to higher prices, and this one is the best, the brightest, the one I will most often use.  It is connected to adapter and kept near computerat all times.  I am careful with such items, don't expect any problems, most booklites are not meant to be manhandled
The  Indispensable Dispenser. A super product with true ingenuity! My dachsy eats venison and potato dietary food. This tends to be somewhat oily, and slightly smelly. With this product, you don't have to handle the food , and it gives an even portion each time with a turn of the crank !  It's great that you can instruct others and have them give the correct amount,too!!
More than just a paw post. This thing is great, and for the money you cannot go wrong.  Have you looked and seen what some of these things cost at your local pet shop?  Highway robbery!  This thing is also entertaining because you can watch your cat focus on playing as opposed to just stretching its claws out.  I have literally enjoyed hours of fun with mine, oh I mean my cat has!  I dont seem to be having the trouble with mine tipping over that others have said, but mine has a back wall and end table to help keep it stable as well.  I have found putting it in a corner or next to or behind furniture helps
Great!. I cook perfect rice every time. Even the gourmet and exotic rices cook great. And the rice pilaf's I can now cook are out of this world. And I've also made great soups and stews with it. This is the best kitchen electric I've ever had. If you like rice you'll love this. No rice burnt brown on the bottom for sure with this cooker
Love my SweepEZE. I absolutely love the SweepEZE.  I find myself sweeping my floors many times throughout the day because this little machine makes it so easy.  Everyone who visits also loves how easy it makes the horrible sweeping chore so I've now purchased over 10 of them for family and friends.  I can't imagine living without it
The Best. If you've invested in copper cookware, it's well worth the added investment to purchase Copperbrill.  I cherish each of my copper pieces and wanted to use the best, safest polish I could.  This non-abrasive, smooth paste instantly shines up copper and removes even tough stains almost effortlessly.I recently bought a few copper pots and pans that were marked down dramatically because they had been store display pieces. They were quite dulled, with sticker residue and many dark fingerprints and water stains. Most people would have overlooked them, but I knew that Copperbrill would restore them to perfect condition-and it did!
Good Buy...needs better directions. The Mr. Coffee Urn performs quite well and delivers an excellent brew over a reasonably long period of time.  The directions were not as clear as desired on how to operate the urn, on whether or not to use coffee filters, and they did not mention that the coffee basket will be pushed down (without breaking) when you attach the lid
Love them. These bowls are so pretty, the colors are great.  They are a lot heavier then I thought they would be also. I'm so pleased with this purchase
Classic Clad quality cookware, but beware of the warranty. After appealing Henckels decision not to replace my cookware, Henckels decided to replace two of my 10 pieces due to the non-stick coating coming off. If two of the pans were defective enough for replacement, all of the pans that had the coating coming off should be good enough for replacement. I realize that this review is not about the specific Classic Clad cookware on this page, I have the TwinCast cookware, which is no longer available, however, I want potential customers to know that their limited warranty is "very" limitied.I received Classic Clad cookware in place of the two Twin Cast pieces that Henckels agreed to replace. I must admit the Classic Clad cookware is very sturdy and aesthetically appealing. I would reccommend the Classic Clad cookware, I don't think you will ever have to worry about using the "limited" warranty.I hope this review helps.
Chop faster than ever!. Yes, you do need to quarter your peppers and cut onions in half or quarters, but the time it saves me is still incredible!  I love using it for my greek cucumber salad and pico de gallo, which I make more often due to the time savings of the chopper!  My family think it's incredible, too.  Don't need all of the peppers or onion in your recipe?  Just finish them in the chopper while it's out and store them in the refrigerator for convenience!  Then you can put the chopper pieces in the dishwasher for tomorrow
Essential Tool. Looking at the criticisms of this spoon from other users, I can't help but wonder if OXO changed the manufacturing process for its wooden spoons, because the one that I own is definitely made from one piece of wood.Any chef who is concerned about scratching nonstick cookware should own this spoon and the others in the OXO lineup. I use it with my steel surfaced cookware as well. This spoon is a pleasure to hold and stir sauces with. It definitely makes life easier in the kitchen
This is a GREAT humidifier, too bad not available. This is a GREAT humidifier, too bad not available; I want to buy a second one for another child's room who is on the way.   But it is not available.Those that complain about it have MOLD in their homes.   We change the filters periodically and are fine.   If it is in a moldy environment, of course there will be more mold.  Look behind your walls people, it is your home
Excellent and convenient cooling for small space. We chose the 2.5 cubic foot size when we decided to renovate our apartment and live in the rear bedroom and we were right on the money.  It's amazing how much you can actually fit in this compact fridge!  Excellent cooling with an ice maker!  Many pluses.  Only minus is that freezer section extends beyond the compartment so anything around it freezes as well.  Overall, excellent value
For the Price - Great. I used it with a duvet, and find it very light and comfy.Others complain about its crinkly noise.I find the crinkly noise very pleasant.For $20 you can't go wrong
Nice, but it gave my gf hives. This claims to be 100% cotton, but my girlfriend who isn't allergic to cotton broke out in insane hives all over her body.  We figured it was the blanket because we didn't use it on some days and one day it was horrible, she was using that only.It's probably cursed by the devil.Aside from this, it's nice, soft, and also light enough to use as a summer blanket, which I plan on doing.
very good quality table. We just bought this table for our living room and are very satisfied with it. It is very easy to put them together, it only took few minutes to assemble. The price comes with the quality, can't believe that this is from Target. It looks expensive like a solid wood not a cheap material. The size of the table fits just perfectly with our small living room. The table doesn't take much space and very efficient yet stylish
Kitchenaid mixer. This product is a must have for anyone serious about baking.  This mixer is by far the best appliance that I have purchased for my kitchen next to the refrigerator of course.  I reccomend this product to anyone who loves to bake.  The 5 quart + was worth the money, don't buy the 4 qt, save the money and purchase the 5, you'll be glad that you did
A great bargain. The personal travel press is outstanding. I have no concerns about it breakin
Great Toaster. I love this toaster, Hamilton Beach is my new fav brand.  I have been through many ugly toasters that looked worn in about a week and this one is different.  It's heavy and easy to wipe down.  You can fit almost anything into the slots --and the color--the best!  I originaly bought the coffeemaker by HB just for the color and was so impressed by the quality I went for the toaster too.  I have the yellow and it was an inexpensive easy way to update and cheer up by kitchen.  This is the first time I haven't covreed up my toaster when company comes
Wonderful Martini Glass. I received my martini glasses today at noon. They looked nice. This evening, at coctail hour, I tried them out. I could not be more pleased. Expensive, yes, but absolutely worth the price. I love them. They look fragile and probably are. But when I inevitably break the first one I will immediately replace it. They are that good
Not necessary but fun and useful. You can roast garlic in the oven with great results making this more of a convenience than a necessity. I am also an admitted kitchen gadget fiend and basically want/have one of just about everything.  However, knowing this about myself doesn't change the benefits of this product.1. Easy and quick to use. The entire process from start to finish takes 30 minutes, 27 minutes of that is the cooking process - 3 minutes of your time to prep the garlic.2. Compact machine doesn't take up a lot of storage space and looks nice sitting on the counter if you want to leave it out.3. Doesn't require the use of a larger oven. This keeps your kitchen cool if the weather is warm and keeps your oven free if you are making a large dinner.4. Roasted garlic is lower in calories than butter. I use less oil than the instructions call for with no negative results.So if you can get over storing one more small appliance this is a pretty good thing to have. I also plan on giving these as gifts this holiday season with a bottle of fabulous olive oil and a garlic rope to our friends "who have everything."
Fiesta Wow!. This is a very versatile piece. It really brightens up the table.  A must for fiesta Post86 collections. I have extras that I use as chargers underneath other colored plates
Thirsty board!  Might be warping?. The board is the right size for carving up a whole chicken and the "moat", while modest in width/depth, kept the counters clean.  Another plus is that it is reasonably light for its size.  The one small surprise for me is that the wood is so very dry.  It soaked up two very generous applications of mineral oil very quickly.  If it doesn't come with oiling instructions, you'll still want to oil it as soon as possible and perhaps with multiple applications each spaced out by a day.New comments:After seasoning the board, hand washing, and 6 months of happy use, the board split along a glued joint. This happened after it had been sitting on the counter for a week under the weight of a homemade loaf of bread and a medium-weight glass cake cover. My best guess is that the board had become just slightly (and most imperceptively) warped and the constant distributed weight provided enough stress to crack apart the glue overnight -- 6+" of it! I know nothing about woodworking but I doubt that seasoning alone can strengthen a joint or prevent minor warpage. So I'm lowering the product to a 3 star rating
Play with your food... This fruit corer is sturdy and gets the job done.  One push, and whoosh...the apple is cored.  You can partially core also, it's sharp enough that you don't have to use a lot of force, so you can leave a 1/2 inch at the bottom to hold in your filling if you are making baked apples.As always with Rosle, the corer has a hanging hook and feels solid
Oneida Colonial Boston. My original of this is about 12 years old and I'm delighted to add more place settings of the same design. My only reservation is that there are very slight differences from my earlier pieces (e.g. thickness of the knife handle, Oneida logo placement).
So far so good. Now I can tell when the kids wash hands!!! Lets out a metered amount of soap with a pleasant tune if you choose to leave it on. Less messy than bar soap or small containers of liquid
Cute!. This toaster is definitely a space saver.  There are a few things you need to know to get great food out of it though, for toast I turn the oven on before I get the bread out so that it is at a good temp when I put the slices in.  If you want to bake something or toast a baguette sandwich just use the bottom burner.  I like how the shelves come out when you open the door, it makes retrieving your food so much easier.All in all, it takes a few tries to adjust to this toaster oven, but it makes up for the initial awkward period by being so cute and small.  I'm very happy with my purchase.
Excellent vacuum. Bought this vacuum for my elderly mother as a second vacuum to use upstairs at her home.  She loves it.  Light weight. Powerful.  Nice long cord.  Great value
Great knife/great price. I'm becoming more and more of a 'foodie' as of late, and saw this knife advertised on the Food Network and then saw it in a chef's store here in Seattle, so I picked one up.Overall, a very easy knife to 'wield' and surprisingly lightweight, when compared to other santoku knives.  The only thing I felt was kind of silly about it was the copper tip at the end of the handle.. I don't know anyone whose hands are sensitive enough to 'feel' when a knife has gotten off-balance, let alone anyone who would actually shave down the end of the handle to rebalance it.Nevertheless, I feel like I got my money's worth and have enjoyed using it as I build skill/confidence in choppin' like a pro
nice towels. I like these towel however the color is green,,, I thought is would be more of a grey or silve
Cute!. These little salt and pepper shakers are really cute, I got them for my sister in law, who has a brown female and a black male so they were perfect
What a deal!. I received all 12 glasses unbroken! I looked in my International Wine Accessories catalog and the same 12 glasses shipped would have cost $165.80! What a deal from Amazon.com
2 things I liked better about my 1998 model. This Dirt Devil picks up better than the one I bought in 1998, but the longer cord on the 1998 model made it easier for me to clean parts of my home.   Also, since I have allergies, having to dump the dirt out and bang the Hepa filter on the side of the garbage can is a problem.   It was healthier for me, with the 1998 model, to put the disposable bag into the trash.  Environmentally, the new one makes less trash, which I do like
Excellent value. I like quality things, but I never saw myself spending 100 bucks on a chair.  That being said, it was totally worth it.  I'm sitting in it right now, and it's really comfortable and very good quality.  Also I assembled it while I was on the phone with my GF, so it's definitely not complicated.  Oh ya, and I ordered it on Sunday, and it must have shipped on Monday because I got it on Wednesday.  These guys at the chair barn are trying to make a name for themselves.  I urge you to take advantage of this
Good product but... Kitchens Etc put price stickers on the outsides of each bowl.  These are not coming off easily at all. Each one of them has a sticky, white adhesive mess on the side. The bowls themselves are cute
Not so smooth ... I bought this chair for my 78-yr old Mom, and she loves the retro look and dual functionality. The pull-out step does NOT glide as it says in the product info. You have to lift it out, but it is still convenient. It takes up less room than we thought, so it fits great in a small kitchen. A bit pricey, but if it lasts will be worth it
Great machine for the price. I just love this garlic roaster, it roasts up to 3 med. size bulbs of garlic in less than 30 min. I like the idea of a mini roaster so I do not have to heat up my convection oven for such a small quanity of garlic. It is easy to clean and has great appeal in the kitchen. It has an automatic light and lets you know when roasting is complete. It cooks to perfection while lightly roasting the garlic ( top facing down)and I like to use a cloth to handle the hot garlic and squeeze them into my mashed potatoes, if you allow the garlic to cool off, the cloves firm up and are great eaten with a desert fork. I use spanish roja garlic in this roaster and it comes out perfect every time. I have used this machine for 5 months now and have since purchased another one as a gift
LOVE IT!!. The dog used to chew up the laundry and now we're saved!  A little flimsy, but well worth the cost
I'm surprised at the reviews here.... I cook every single day - I'm told I'm an excellent cook - trying different dishes - complex and simple.  I like RR's recipes - but can't stand to watch her anymore....but this pan as well as the large pasta pot (also oval) looked like good ideas and I got them.  I LOVE THEM.  I want a second saute pan.  I haven't had a single issue with the pan.  I love how you can move things that are cooking too quickly to a far corner - and move other things to the center where the most heat is.  I saute, fry and cook many, many things in this pan and have no problems.  The pasta pot is PERFECT for boiling spaghetti and other pasta products - no sticking whatsoever - and I can get 4 pots on the stove top with these two pans.
All that I expected for $20. I bought this coffee maker so I could make my own coffee and, hopefully, save money. The coffee maker was only $20, and honestly I didn't expect much for that price when there are WAY pricier models out there. I've never had a coffee maker before, so I don't what is a "normal" amount of time to make a cup, but it seems quick enough for me. I don't intend to use the clock feature, and I unplug it after each use, so I have no idea if it would keep accurate time. That feature isn't important to me anyway.All I wanted is a coffee maker that fits in my tiny apartment kitchen and makes enough coffee for one big cup of coffee, and this does both - although what they call four cups I call one serving. I don't know how long this will last, but for $20 it's still cheaper for me to replace this yearly compared to spending $2 a day at Dunkin Donuts, or $4 for a Frappucino at Starbucks. I am very satisfied with my little Mr. Coffee
I love my KitchenAid!!!. I grew up having a KitchenAid in my home so I knew I always wanted one.  Every Sunday we made several batches of cookies.  We were kids so we were pretty hard on it.  My mom still has hers and the only thing that needs replacing is the beater that has been well used so no wonder it's a little shabby looking.  I was willing to just get the white 4 quart but once my husband got in on the decision we had to have the lift handle.  It's nice that I don't have to pull the mixer out to be able to lift the top of the mixer.  Most people I know say this isn't a big inconvenience.  My husband didn't like the look of the white and worried it would look dirty.  We got the Imperial gray and I really like it.  It's nice having the 6 quart bowl even though it seems a little excessive most of the time except for when we need a ton of cookies at once.  You know a real emergency.  It mixes everything so evenly and I like not having to worry about my cookies turning out.  My sister in-law got one recently and still doesn't use it much because she isn't used to having it.  I find lots of little ways to use it to make cooking and baking easier.  My son says it looks like a robot and he is sure it's a boy.  He has three sisters and no brothers.  The kids ask me every night if I made the dinner in the KitchenAid and if I say yes they go on and on about how good the dinner is.  It only took 10 years of marriage to convince my husband it would be a good investment.  He is sold, he loves it too.  I almost have him convinced to start baking.  I wish I had gotten it ten years ago. I wouldn't let small children use it unattended.  As teenagers we thoughtlessly broke several wooden spoons in the mixer because we thought we could get around the beater.  That always made my mom so mad. HeHe.  I look forward to buying the attachments.  I just bought a wheat grinder last year and I am thinking of selling it and getting the wheat grinder attachment instead.  If you buy it and use it you will love it, but like any other handy appliance it's a waste of money if you just let it sit there.  If you like to bake it's a must have.
Just let it run until the filter is DRY and it will last. If you leave the humidifer running after the tank has emptied until the filter is dry dry DRY (i.e., the humidity has dropped down), the filter will last and last.  If you don't let it dry, but keep filling the tank with water, the filter gets really skanky really quickly.  I learned the hard way until I read one of the reviews on this site.  Have run it for over a month now with no smell.  Filter is great.I LOVE this humidifier because I can pop the parts in the dishwasher.  I can get it CLEAN easily.  Never found another humidifier that you can do this with.Who cares if the humidistat works exactly?  It tells me if the humidity is high or low, and that's all that matters.It is indeed a BEAR to close the tank tightly, but we run it fine just closing it as tight as we can.  Have never had a leakage problem.Have tried many other kinds, and this does the job the best.  Too bad it has been discontinued...  I wanted to get one for my 87-year-old parents, since it is the easiest and best I have ever used
Martex Sheets. I was very pleased with the product. The price was excellent. Hope to find it again in the future
columbia heavy weight towels. Awesome.super absorbant.just what i wanted. i would definately purchace this product again
Must Have Got One of the Good Ones.. I got this item for Christmas this year and thought I'd share my experience..I had never owned a crock pot before and after hearing all the ladies at work raving about how they 'couldn't live without it' I decided to ask Santa for one..Anyway, in general, I am very satisfied with this appliance.  I have used it twice so far with excellent results.  I have made Chili Con Carne as well as a traditional 'pot roast'.  For both dishes I followed recipes from my 'America's Test Kitchen' books, which recommends using a 6 quart oval pot, set to 'low' for 9 to 10 hours.I was a little surprised to see some of the other reviews, because I had no 'boiling' effect on the low setting.  There was a bit of slight bubbling of the food around the edges as it cooked, but nothing that seemed alarming.  When the food was done (10 hours later) a quick stir was all it took to reincorporate everything.  There was no burnt flavor, the meat was tender (the chili was out of this world!), and the veggies with the Pot Roast were just about right.I did have 2 complaints.  The exterior seemed quite hot as the food was cooking, so much so that the item cannot be placed on Corian-type counters (according to the instruction manual).  I have to put my bread board up on my stove and place the pot on that.  Also, the lid doesn't seem to sit very well.Otherwise, the item has performed well for me so far.  If I had tile counters, I'd have probably rated it as 5 stars
Fantastic Pizzelle Maker. We love pizzelle's and wanted a pizzelle maker.  We found this one (Cuisinart)and it is fantastic.  We are Italian/Dutch and this is one kitchen item you have to have if you like pizzelle's.
Little Jewels. This set of shot glasses has this vintage look that I adore. The different engraved design on each piece make these glasses look so unique, just like little jewels that'll make you want to display them somewhere. Plus when you are entertaining your guests will always know wich glass is theirs. Give it a shot and buy them
Dublin Goblets. I purchased the Dublin Goblets & the Dublin Ice Beverage from Amazon. I had purchased the Dublin Ice Beverage set of 4 from a popular store, only to find one glass was missing.  I returned the two sets.  While surfing the web, I discovered Amazon carried that line of product to my surprise.  I pay Amazon a few dollars more and got 4 extra glasses.  The glasses are beautiful, sparkling and has great weight.  My first dinner affair will be with my grandchildren, teaching them table manners in a elegant setting.  These glasses are going to look glorious on my Easter's Dinner table this year.
My Nightly Popcorn is Perfect. My "Stir-Crazy" is a good popper compared to others I've had.  It leaves no old maids and the corn is light and fluffy.  I use a very light popcorn oil to pop the corn and it gives the finished popcorn a butter taste.  I have just a teeny complaint - there are a few burned pieces of corn and a burned area on the heating portion of the popper.  I pull the plug out the second I hear the last corn pop, but I always have a mess to clean up in the end.  Will I damage the heating plate if I keep scrubbing it to get the burned area clean?  I use a very soft soaping brush and leave no scratches.  Thanks
Great color and love the fabric. This was such a great deal and I love this duvet cover.  It is so soft and looks so stylish on our bed.  I just wish is had a matching bed ruffle. My husband even likes it and that takes a lot.  The color is rich and goes with so much
Get the Regular Scheduler Instead - or Ignore the Light. 2006 was the year of the Specialty Roombas. Their "high end upgrade" for this year was the Intellibin option for their top of the line model, the Scheduler. We have 2 schedulers and love them, so I was intrigued by this intelli-bin. However, for an extra $20, I actually consider this a BAD feature, not a good feature. here's why.In essence you get the exact same robot as the Scheduler robot, which I love. However, they added on ONE light, which tells you if the bin is full. The theory here is that you'll clean it when you see the light. However this is an awful theory! Roombas need to be kept clean to run well. Even if there's only a little dirt in there, if it's a hair wrapped around something and you leave it in there, it's going to wrap more and more tightly and start to damage parts. You need to give it a cleaning each day. Not a thorough, hefty cleaning, but a shake of the dust bin and a quick glance at the brushes. If it becomes a normal and natural part of your schedule, it's really no big deal at all.I definitely think you should NOT have a dust bin light - and most definitely do not use it to know when to clean your Roomba. This would really lead to more Roomba issues ... which isn't good for the owners nor good for iRobot! Roombas run wonderfully when they're kept clean - and they break down quickly if allowed to fill with crud. As you might expect from any appliance. So by letting the Roombas fill up with more crud than they should, iRobot is going to get a bad reputation. Which is a shame.We did end up getting an intellibin when we had issues with one of our regular Roombas and had to send it in for repairs. Because the Roomba is such a hot item right now, and our failure was right before the 2006 holiday season, it was over 2 months and we still hadn't gotten a replacement Roomba back. We called and complained, and they sent us off the Intellibin version as a free upgrade.  It works exactly the same as the Scheduler, and I kept waiting for the bin full light to light up. The bin was *stuffed* full of junk and it kept going. Eventually after a few runs it did light up, but I really question how well the suction could have been working by then. I really would much rather just empty it after each run - it's a 20 second job - vs waiting for the light to light up and having the Roomba's performance suffer as a result.My verdict - get the regular Scheduler which is *Awesome* and keeps our home incredibly clean. Ignore this improvement. It's not worth the $20 and relying on it could actually cause you more trouble.A quick comment on cost - people easily pay $500-$700 for a dishwasher, and think it an essential part of life. I certainly know I love my dishwasher. With a dishwasher, you still have to do certain things by hand - the fine crystal stemware, the large pots. Even so, the dishwasher makes your daily life easier. I consider a Roomba to be FAR better than a dishwasher, especially if you have pets. Every morning, all that pet hair and dander is just GONE. It makes my daily life - since I work at home and am breathing that air every second of the day - infinitely better and healthier. Roombas are cheaper, too
Be Forewarned, I wasn't. After using this grill (and loving it and depending on it) for two years (almost to the date), I made a mistake and I killed it.  I started the pre-heat cycle, thinking the plates were in, they were not.  This destroyed the spring clips, causing the top one not to hold the plate at all and the bottom one to be melted onto the cooker so I can't remove that plate at all.  I loved this grill, but of course the price has increased, especially for a black one.  I am now trying to decide whether or not to replace it for an exact match at the much higher price.  But I absolutely will have to replace it.  This replaced a Foreman and there was no comparison between the two, this was much superior.  So, it's still has at least a 4 star, the mistake was mine.  I wish the manufacturer had warned me
very useful. We use this to steam vegggies, corn sometimes.  When not in use, it  is used to store other fruits.  it is useful
Everything I expected... This storage bag is everything I expected, and at a great price.  It is sturdy and protects the tree.  I was orginally going to store the tree in the box supplied, but was unable to keep it closed and it was ripping.  I did not want to spend a lot of money on a cloth bag and was trying to figure out what separated the others based on features and price points - nothing stood out and decided on the lowest price.  The quality is good, although I would recommend taking care loading the tree and moving the loaded bag - it isn't cloth.  Another advantage would be because it is not cloth, the bag is easily wiped down (dust build up, etc.)
Idea. This looks like a great organizer, but with you people that have a x-box ps2 game cube and a dvd player you can buy cd cases that music cds come in and place the ps2 xbox and game cube games in those along with the dvds. It would be a bit of money depending on how many games and dvds you have though..
Wow sharp. Using this knife has turned me into a snob. I have cooked at a few other people's houses since getting my Shun and with their knives it feels like I'm trying to saw through something with my finger. You can't explain how sharp this thing is. A friend of mine concurred and said she too is now annoyed when using a "regular" knife. A few weeks after getting the 8-incher I bought the paring one. With just these two I can do about everything I need a sharp knife for.
Pretty enough for the kitchen; strong enough for the shop. 2 of these units are screwed to the interior of our shop door.  Each one holds 6 sets of professional stripping and crimping pliers.  Even with a dozen busy engineers opening and closing this door all day long, our pliers stay just where we leave them until they're needed.I use one of the 20" models at my workbench: when I've stripped a wire or crimped a connector, I slap that tool back onto the magnet and forget about it.  At any given time, there are 3-4 plier sets and a half-dozen screwdrivers perfectly poised for use by my hands.Cosmetics were not a big factor in this purchase, utility carried the day.  I can say they looked pretty when I took them out of the box, but they've been covered in black multi-ply steel ever since.
BEST LITTLE VACUUM EVER. I have owned and used many vacuum cleaners ranging from canister to upright, bag and bagless.  This little shark does the job of a much larger cleaner.  I like it because it is light weight, easy to maneuver, and is great for hardwood, vinyl, and carpeted floors.  I can vacuum my smaller rugs with it as well, and I don't have to shake them out as often.  There are no bags to buy and it has a hepa filter which is great.  You do have to empty the smaller cup more often, about once after several cleanings, which is easy to do.  If I should ever have to buy another vacuum it will be this same one.  I love it
SPRINGY not firm, the BEST. A Latex Foam pillow is like no other pillow. They are bouncy and springy and soft and oh so comfortable. These pillows are not at all like memory foam. When flattened they want to spring back and do.Latex foam pillows are difficult to find, I've purchased two of these from Amazon and both by daughter and I love them. The zipper protector is nice hewever I added a second.  Besides superb comfort there are no dust mites or feathers popping out
I BOUGHT IT FOR MY PARENTS. THIS TEA KETTLE IS USED EVERDAY BY MY PARENTS AND IT HAS PERFORMED PERFECTLY , THEY ARE OVER 8O YEARS OLD AND LIKE THIS ONE BETTER THAN ANY THEY HAVE HAD IN THE PAST , NO COMPLAINTS ( AND THAT IS WHAT I WANTED OUT OF THIS KETTLE
works great as long as you know what to expecct. I bought this to cover the disintegrating cover currently on my futon. It's a beautiful print, and a good color that matches my drapes, but what I didn't quite understand at the time I bought it was that it's also just one big piece of fabric. No fitted edges, or elastic to hold it in place - kind of disappointing. But since I was covering a futon, I was able to tuck it around the mattress where it folds, shove a wooden dowel into the crease, and voila! a great looking couch appeared.So, all things considered, a pretty good buy for the money
Reidel Tequila glasses are terrific!. These glasses are a great addition to any home bar.  The Reidel quality is obvious. They are a great way to upscale serving straight tequila or mezcal.  Very classy!  The price was outstanding
The Platonic Ideal of Crockpottery. What can you say about a crockpot? They're supposed to be no-brainers -- you dump your ingredients into it and let it cook 'em. If you're a lazy cook like me, you want simple, effective, and easy to use. This crockpot is nearly the Platonic ideal of crockpottery. It comes with exactly three pieces: the metal cooker (with a short but adequate electrical cord and plastic dial), the ceramic pot (fits snugly in the cooker), and the metal-rimmed glass lid (fits on the pot).It's big enough to handle family-sized meals, but not so big that you'll have trouble carrying it, fitting it on your counter or in your sink, or even in your refrigerator. (You can take the pot out of the cooker and put it in your fridge with the lid on, it will fit on most shelves.) It is a simple, pleasing shape. The pot is smooth, round and easy to handle and clean (no awkward corners or crevices that are hard to scrub out), making it ideal for both cooking and placing on the table to serve from. The projections at either end of the pot make it easy to lift and carry. Once removed from the cooker, the pot cools quickly enough that you can carry it bare-handed within minutes, though the contents will stay hot with the lid on.The cooker works. It has a dial with three settings (besides "Off"): "Low," "High," and "Keep Warm." What else do you need? A child could use it; what kind of crockpot recipe needs more precise controls?This is an essential, no-frills basic crockpot that just does what a crockpot should, at a great price (I can't imagine what additional value you'd get out of those fancier more expensive models). It's a workhorse in my kitchen. It's given me no problems at all. IF YOU'RE A BACHELOR, you need a crockpot! Buy this one
love it. quality construction. attention to detail and really roomy for my yorkie. she loves it. we put our teacup yorkie in the basket on the bottom. a really good deal
This is great for homebrewing. I recently picked up this pot to brew beer and personally found that it's much better than a thin-wall pot.  Heats very well and very evenly, and also did not scorch or show &quot;hot spots&quot; on the bottom (un-fermented beer has a high sugar content and has to be boiled for about an hour so scorch and burns are an issue).  Also, the pot did not reflect heat down like a thin-wall pot and since it holds heat better it boiled well then &quot;idled&quot; at 180 deg. F to pasteurize very nicely
Wonderful Way To Get Organized. Before my daughter recieved this as a christmas present we stored all her toys in a couple of giant bucket-shaped bins.  But most of her toys would be buried under others, and she'd sometimes empty all her toys onto the floor to get to one she wanted.  We are so happy we have this storage unit now.  It looks good in her room, but even more important is that now she can stand back and look over all her toys before choosing which ones she wants.  She's only 17 months old, so she can only access the lower bins, but she also points to the top to point out something she wants.  This unit has been a great help in teaching our daughter that everything has it's place.  My reason for not giving 5 stars it that this unit is definitely meant for smaller toys, and we still have to store her larger toys in our old bins.  There are two bin sizes, and the bigger of the two is pretty big, but they are all short, so taller toys can't be stored in it.  You may be tempted to store bigger toys on the top, since there is no lack of "headroom" up there, but if you're not careful you could make the unit top-heavy.  I feel I have to supervise my daughter when she is around this, or she may tip it over onto herself, though she has yet to ever pull on it
The hardest working humidifier. This is the best and most quiet humidifier on the market. I have a grand piano which needs to be kept in a room which has 45% humidity all year round - during the winter this entails alot of humidification. I've used Sears (too loud) air-o-swiss (too expensive & mediocre) and lots of others. I started with one of these and now have 3. They've given me no trouble and they pump an incredible amount of water into the air - I paid $50 which is about a quarter of the price of an equivalent air-o-swiss.
Terrific Buy. Every requirement that I needed for a grill comes to pass with this one.  The removable plates are easy to take in and out and clean up is a snap.  I like this grill so much that I recommended it too my mom.  She also feels it is a terrific buy
charcoal filters. There's nothing extraordinary about the filters except that they were designed to filter tap water used to make coffee.  They definitely work and make the coffee taste great
This is certainly NEW AND IMPROVED !!. Actually didn't pay attention to anything other than buying another Drinkwell Fountain.  Extremely pleased with it, just wanted one more.  When the Platinum Fountain came, I liked it, then set it up and was impressed with the improvements.  Holds more water, easier to put together after cleaning, and much quieter.  The cats took about 20 seconds to get over being scaredy cats, and love it.  Glad I have it.  Will probably by another one
I really like it ... looks nice in my daughter's room. The only reason this product is not getting 5 stars is because two of the bins arrived cracked... however, they were replaced immediately with no questions asked.  This storage system caught my eye, because it wasn't primary colors... and fit my daughter's decor in her room which is the brighter pastels like tangerine, raspberry, lime... colors along that line
A functional and great looking dish rack. As other have mentioned, the silverware basket hangs outside of the space protected by the tray underneath. This isn't a problem for me, but others might be bothered by it.Otherwise, this is a great dish rack. It looks very good and is more functional than any other dish rack I've had, with more usable space, more effectively arranged. I've found that I can hang the silverware rack on the end, rather than on the back, so there's flexibility as well.I'd recommend it to anyone. In fact, I've had family visit, look at it, admire its looks and its functionality, and say that they're considering buying one for themselves.I'd give it 4 1/2 stars. Since I can't, I'm rounding up because the negatives are very insignificant, while the positives are fantastic
Perfect for just about everything!. The day this arrived, I prepared a casserole in it, the next day, pasta, the next, spaghetti sauce, the next, soup.... do you sense a trend here?  It truly is an all purpose pot. Just remember to use non-metal utensils and keep the heat lower than you would on a Calphalon professional pan. If you have something burnt on or stuck on that you just can't get off, use a little baking soda and warm H2O and let it set overnight. The problem will literally soak right off. Your pan will look like new! For the price, this pan is a great find. You'll always find a bargain[...
A Soft Scrub. I bought these washcloths to fill in a set of towels I bought on Amazon the same day.  The set I purchased came with two washcloths, and I always like to have four, so I can rotate them to keep them fresh.  These washcloths are fabulous.  Very soft, yet absorbant and large.  Often washcloths are only 12 x 12, even expensive ones, but these are 13 x 13, and have retained their shape and color through several washings.  I am very pleased with them
Excellent Combo Machine For The Money. I was looking for a combination espresso-coffee maker to fit a specific  space in the kitchen. The width and heigth of the unit had to fit within that area. There aren't too many combo machines out there, but the Krups 2010 fits the bill perfectly. It's very quick at producing a good espresso and the coffee maker works great too, filling a 10-cup pot in less than nine minutes. One reviewer claimed the espresso head leaked. I haven't had that problem. Maybe he or she didn't tighten the head enough or they're tossing ESE pods in the filter holder without properly adjusting them. Who knows? I know you can spend a lot more for a standalone espresso machine, but for a combination espresso-coffee machine the Krups works just fine
fabulous!. I LOVE this Pot!! It is now my favorite cooking item. I use it almost every time I cook and it is perfect. Clean up is easy and I leave it out because it is so beautiful.  Get Persimmon color -- you won't regret it
perfect size. I ordered this after reading the other reviews on the product.  It is absolutely the perfect size.  I can put vegetables or main dishes in this dish and it works great
Fantastic. My cat loves, loves, loves this toy.  It is an endless source of fun for her and I highly recommend this to anybody with a bored cat.  It is easily my cat's favorite
Great starter system. I recently purchased this hood and paired it with a 20 gal glass tank. This is my first tank and I've found it to be very easy and hassle free. The tank stays very clean and clear and the fish seem to be very healthy and happy. It may be a little pricey compared to a standard setup, but for me, the ease of use and convenience of having everything in one package is worth it. And the top access makes maintenance easy. I currently have 5 zebra danios, 6 cory cats and 3 oto cats in the tank and all seem to be doing very well. I would highly recommend this item for the beginner.I would also highly recommed purchasing and studying several books on fishkeeping (I bought and read at least 4) before purchasing any system and definitely before purchasing any fish!Good luck and happy fishkeeping
Incredible value. These sheets are very very nice and beautiful. I got them in the outlet at an unbelievable price and wish I had bought two sets now. They feel wonderful and are so pretty. Five stars for value and quality
It Really Works !. I have been using honing stone and I am also proud for being able to sharpen all my knives with the stone (except for the serrated ones).  Then I gave this thing a try and wow ! it works, consistently and with ease.  When using a honing stone, it is hard to maintain the correct edge angle, and this device takes the guess work out.  A friend of mine thinks his buck knife is sharp until he reset the edge with Wustof's stage 1 carbide edger and then hone it with the stage 2 ceramic sharpener.  Then he was surprised with how his "new" knife shred paper like razor.  Then we tried with the scissors and learned that the specially shaped slot should prevent one from inserting the scissors in a wrong way (right handed vs. left handed scissors).  Quality is great.  Comes with non-slip padding on the grip as well as several other sides so you can grip it and hold in down on the counter top in several positions/ways steadily.Downside is that it is a bit pricey.  There are cheaper ones out there which I believe would work similarly but would probably lack the little quality touches here and there.
Fantastic product, I too had problems with sticking. I loved this item until it became fused to the base.  I called CS and they sent me a prepaid UPS label to ship it back and issued a full refund and send me a letter with a $50 off coupon to keep using Kitchenaid.  Very impressive
this sucks. Just meant it's very good, powerful (loud!) like a jet turbine in your hand -- with vac attach very happ
Beautiful but need better packing... I love the dishes and posted a positive review on the 45-piece set.  With this particular item I ordered two sets.  The sets were shipped separately and oddly the top salad plate in EACH BOX was broken.  Seems like Mikasa needs to re-think the packing for this configuration.  (Amazon's outside packaging was good with those air-bubble spacers in the box.)I will add one comment about the size of these dishes.  Both the plates and the cereal bowls are OVERSIZED.  I was really surprised at the size of the cereal/salad bowls.
Good Toaster. Reliable commercial grade toaster.  Plenty large for all sizes bread slices.  Browns evenly with exception of the toast occasionally being slightly darker around the outer edges.  My only quibble is that the plastic on the sides has a rubbery feeling and is a flat color with no gloss at all unlike description.
Buy 2 Sets and Be Practical. Look, for $30, throw them in the dishwasher, use them and when they start looking bad, throw out the first set and use the second set you bought together with the first set.  Probably will get you 2-4 years between the two sets. These are not $500 Gucci knives, so if you want to handwash, go ahead, but I use the dishwasher and they seem fine (had 1 month).   They cut fine, handle is ergonomically nice.  Wood block is decent wood, finished nicely.  It came with 8 steak knives, so I must have missed the fine print as I thought it had 6.  Does not have a giant meat cleaver, but I never used that on my prior set.  This is a perfect set for every day use.  If you are a serious chef-type, probably would do better with soemthing else(because of limited professional-type knives in this set).  I think this is a nice set for $
waaaay too big. this is a huge cast iron skillet. Unless you need something really big and heavy, this may be too big for the average stove. This is really too big for me to use. I'd probably get the 10in skillet if I could. I'm just going to stow it away until I can use it because its too heavy to ship back
pleasingly graceful. No wonder Fiesta wins so many design awards.  This pitcher delighted the receiver and me as well
Carry your Dutch Oven in style. This tote bag is made to carry and protect your beloved dutch oven.Why a tote bag you may ask? It not only protects your valuable $50 or antique dutch oven, but it keeps your otehr items clean if your oven has soot on the outside.  These come in different sizes just like the ovens themselves. This particular one will fit a dutch oven up to 8 quarts or 12" in diameter which is the standard size used by scouts and other groups. It has a padded bottom to protect the legs, a heavy duty zipper closure, and carrying straps.
What an amazing solution!!!!!  Expensive but cool!!!. The "charging station" is an incredible solution to a major problem in our house!  We have cords everywhere w/limited places to plug them in so we end up having to switch out cords to charge phones, cameras, Blackberrys, mp3 players, cd/dvd players and video recorders one at a time.  Everything ended up being a confusing mess...what cord goes to what...is the device charged...where did I leave it plugged in...etc...?  This valet is everything it purports to be.  The finish on the wood was nice.  The size of the storage area for all the cords was a slight concern.  Adapters for hand held devices are so huge that is was a little difficult to get them all to fit & close the door.  All in all, this was a great concept but expensive
Excellent Value. These bowls are deep, great for chili and soups.  They are sturdy and seem to hold up to everyday wear in a busy household.  My only reservation is that they don't stack very compactly, but I love them anyway
Elegant Simplicity. I really like this design. It has a slight raised lip running around the outside edge which contains any batters, grease, or other liquids which might run over the edge and create a mess; the grease drain is only on the front edge and is treated with the same sturdy non-stick coating as the rest of the surface, making for easy clean up. Indeed, the lack of plastic attachments make cleanup easy, and I really like the simple design, a very large cooking surface, two plastic handles and a removable plastic grease catch.The only thing keeping me from rating it a five out of five is that I would have liked to see a thicker aluminum used, the base is only about 2mm thick, though I've been unable to find anything thicke
Excellent water filter system ***BUT BEWARE****. PUR is the best inexpensive water filter system out there; it is mountains better than Brita's crappy filtering.  I've been a Brita user for 1-2 years and their filters have degenerated greatly.I just called PUR and expressed my extreme displeasure with this change. The rep advised me that there's a new "calender sticker" system that (DUH) you change every 2 months.  Great, thanks, but I can just put a reminder to myself in MS Office.BRING BACK THE ORANGE INDICATOR SYSTEM, DAMMIT!
George Foreman Sponges get the job done. These sponges are uniquely designed to make cleaning of the Foreman grills easy. Having a scrubbing side and a soft side is great.Wish they were a little more durable (when they fall apart, they are pretty messy), but overall, I think they are a good product
Works with booklite. Good combination.  I keep the booklite at the computer so the adapter is nice to have, no worry about changing batteries
A Must Have Pan. This is one of the best investments I have made for the kitchen.  With this pan, you can make seared scallops so tender and succelent, it will make you feel like a professional chef.  I also grill vegetables of all kinds on this pan with a little bit of olive oil for a delicious and low-fat side or main dish.  You will not be disappointed
Electric Mixer. Excellent item, very powerful and stylish. Would recommend this mixer to anyone that likes to bake and has trouble with power from hand held mixers
Tea service for one in style. Beautiful style and high quality for your morning tea after the kids, hubby, etc. have mercifully let you have a few minutes alone. It may do wonders for your self esteem
Do You Have to Spend Big Money for a Big Pot?. OK, I am cheating here a bit by cutting and pasting a recent equipment review by the magazine Cook's Illustrated/PBS show America's Test Kitchen.  This is a long review, so if you want to cut to the chase, just scroll to the last paragraph before the listing of the individual reviews.Here in the test kitchen, we have 15 stockpots of varying sizes, and we use them often. Most home kitchens, however, have room for a single stockpot, so it must handle a variety of big jobs-from steaming lobsters and cooking bushels of corn to canning and making huge batches of chili or homemade stock.So what size is best? After substantial pretesting, we determined that a 12-quart stockpot is the most useful size--it's the "smallest" big pot, meaning it can handle most big jobs yet is small enough to store with your other pots and pans. So how much do you have to spend to get a good 12-quart stockpot? We bought nine basic stockpots (no fancy steaming or boiling inserts), ranging in price from $25 to $325, and headed into the test kitchen to find out.We boiled water, cooked mounds of pasta (two pounds of pasta and eight quarts of water at a time), prepared two dozen ears of corn, and made double batches of beef chili in each pot. To evaluate the pots, our testers used digital scales, thermometers, stopwatches, gas and electric burners, and plenty of elbow grease. They handled each stockpot extensively to get a sense of its overall feel (both empty and full) and handle design. We washed the pots repeatedly and practiced stowing them away. What did we find out?SHAPE-SHIFTING: The best stockpot we tested, the $325 All-Clad, impressed us more for what it didn't do--scorch on the bottom or feel awkward or flimsy--than for what it did do; after all, how sexy can a stockpot be, even when it's performing flawlessly? That said, our testers preferred wide stockpots (such as the All-Clad) to tall and narrow ones (such as the Vollrath), as greater width allows you to see and manipulate food better and makes for easier cleaning and storage.A WEIGHTY ISSUE: The heavier pots (all weighed without lids) outperformed the lighter models. The four heaviest pots in our testing were all made of stainless steel with an aluminum core. Aluminum conducts heat very well and ensures more even cooking and fewer hot spots. The aluminum core also makes the bottom of the pot thicker, which reduces scorching. The lighter pots (including those without aluminum cores) did a fine job cooking corn and pasta--in fact, they heat up faster than the more even-heating pots with aluminum cores. But for cooking applications where sticking and scorching are risks (such as chili), a heavier pot is a must.GET A GRIP: Handles matter-a lot. We found that the best handles extend from the pot at least 13_4 inches and are either flat or thick and round, for easy gripping. The All-Clad, Cuisinart, Lincoln, and Arcosteel pots had the best handles-they were easy to grip, even with potholders and a pot full of steaming chili. Pots made by Vollrath and Farberware performed well in cooking tests but were severely downgraded because testers found their thin handles to be awkward and poorly designed.SUMMING UP: You can buy a solid, aluminum-core 12-quart stockpot (like the Cuisinart) for $65--or you can drop $325 on the beautiful All-Clad pot, which didn't have a single flaw. If you use a stockpot primarily to boil corn or pasta, it makes sense to buy the Cuisinart model and use the savings to upgrade something else in your kitchen. Whatever your price range, opt for a pot that feels heavy for its size. And when shopping, give the handles a test-run by picking up pots with potholders. The pots are listed, with comments, in order of preference.Highly RecommendedAll-Clad Stainless 12-Quart Stock PotPrice: $324.95Material: stainless steel with aluminum coreWeight: 5.5 lb.Comments: This pot was lauded for being "nice and heavy," with "easy-to-grip" handles that "didn't get too hot" (although we still needed potholders). The aluminum core runs up the side of the pot-other pots have aluminum cores only in the bottom, if anywhere--which ensures more even heating than most of us will ever need.RecommendedCuisinart Chef's Classic Stainless 12-Quart Stock PotPrice: $64.95Material: stainless steel with aluminum coreWeight: 4.35 lb.Comments: Very similar to the All-Clad pot, the Cuisinart comes with handles that are "easily grippable" and "sit well in your hand." The upward tilt of the handles made it especially easy to pour out the contents. This pot was also praised for being "plenty heavy," and the bottom was pristine after cooking the chili.Lincoln Foodservice Wear-Ever Professional Series 12-Quart Stock PotPrice: $59.90 (with lid, which must be purchased separately)Material: aluminumWeight: 3.85 lb.Comments: This all-aluminum pot fared well in the test kitchen. Testers loved its "light weight," "solid feel," and "sturdy raised handles," which made handling and pouring easy. Aluminum is not as durable as stainless steel, which may lead to problems down the road.Recommended with ReservationsArcosteel 12-Quart Stock PotPrice: $49.95Material: stainless steel with aluminum core, tempered glass lid, silicone handle coversWeight: 3.7 lb.Comments: This pot heated relatively evenly-there was only a tiny patch of chili stuck after 21/2 hours of cooking. The handles are "sturdy" and offer "good control," but this pot was downgraded for dangerous bare spots (no silicone) on the handles.Farberware Classic Series Stainless Steel 12-Quart Stock PotPrice: $70.95Material: stainless steel with aluminum coreWeight: 4.5 lb.Comments: With better handles (these were deemed "uncomfortable" and "slippery"), this heavy aluminum-core pot would have been in the "recommended" category. It heated very evenly, and testers liked how the lip of the lid "caught a lot of condensation."Vollrath Stainless Intrigue Professional Cookware12-Quart Stock PotPrice: $88.48 (with lid, whichmust be purchased separately)Material: stainless steel withaluminum coreWeight: 6.35 lb.Comments: This tall and narrow pot "felt tippy" and "cumbersome" and was "harder to pour" and clean than squatter pots. It did, however, cook with very even heat and was the heaviest of all the pots we tested.Endurance R.S.V.P. Stainless Steel 12-Quart Stock PotPrice: $37.95Material: stainless steel with aluminum core, tempered glass lidWeight: 3.25 lb.Comments: "Shallow," "thin," and "narrow" handles made it hard for testers to grip this pot. This pan heated fairly evenly (thanks to its aluminum core), and there was very little sticking during the chili test.Not RecommendedMetro 12-Quart Stock PotPrice: $24.95Material: stainless steel with tempered glass lidWeight: 2.3 lb.Comments: There was serious burning/sticking at the bottom of this very light pot during the chili test. The handles taper into a point, making it "hard to get your hand in to grip it."Metro Set of 3 Nested Stock Pots with lids: 8-, 12-, and 16-quartPrice: $49.99Material: stainless steelWeight: 1.8 lbsComments: Testers said this pot, the lightest of the lot, "felt like a toy and would dent too easily." With handles that rose above the top of the pot, it was very awkward to pour because "the leverage is all wrong." There was major sticking and burnt matter on the bottom of the pot after the chili test.
I love this pot!. I really enjoy cooking in this pot.  It has lots of space and is great for all kinds of dishes.   The enamel surface is wonderful.  I love to cook a dish in the pot and serve from it at the table when its just the family.   The only drawback is how heavy the pot is, but that doesn't change the fact this is my favorite and now most used pot in my kitchen!
$19.99 is a decent price for just a knife block. There are cheaper blocks with cheap knives included but I really want to try the sharpening slot feature.  I'm not sure the sharpening slot actually works.  The slots go all the way through the block so the my longest knife's tip sticks out of the sharpening slot without touching the counter. The description of the sharpening slot seems a lot fancier than the experience that seems to be sliding the knife edge against a scratchy surface.  I have no idea where the ceramic rods are.  I am keeping this slot because it fits all my old and new knives together except for the asian cleaver that will have to stay in the drawer.Made in Chin
Excellent purchase!!. I purchased this after carefully reviewing all comments made on it.  The price was definately hard to beat and I knew after purchasing this (for a full-sized bed) that my boyfriend and I wouldn't fight over the covers anymore.  Eventually we are going to upgrade to a king-sized bed, so I figured we'd buy this early.  I am very pleased and found this comforter keeps us VERY warm.  Sometimes too warm, but it's a great value for this kind of quality.  I would highly recommend!
Well worth the money!. I've had this vacuum for close to a year and I still LOVE IT!  It does such a great job cleaning! When I use my old vacuum and then go over it with the Eureka I still get a significant amount of additional dirt.  I contemplated buying the more expensive cyclonic vacuum but couldn't justify the price.  And I'm glad I didn't get it!  I think this one is just as good!  I highly recommend.  Here's a final thought.  when something gets caught in the wheel my old vacuums would burn the belts and start to smell.  This one has never broken a belt or started to burn up when I get something caught up in it!  I think that's pretty significant
great vacuum!. The vacuum is great. It was easy to put together and for the price, it was a great value. The only think I didn't like was the amount of noise it makes when it's on. I live in a small apt. so you can hear it so much more. But other then that, it cleans good and is compact
100% as advertized!. We were looking for a convection microwave.  This one sounded like it would work and it is 100% what we wanted.  All functions operate perfectly and we love the versatility of a convection/microwave
Lickity-Split!. The item I bought got here much faster than I thought it would. And in great condition. I've since purchased other items from them.Thanks
knife block. I WAS VERY PLEASED WITH MY ORDER OF THE HENCKELS KNIFE BLOCK.  I HAD BEEN LOOKING FOR A WHILE IN THE STORES AND ON THE WEB.  THE PRICE I PAID WAS VERY GOOD AND THE QUALITY WAS EVEN BETTER!  MY ORDER ARRIVED IN A TIMELY FASHION IN GOOD CONDITION
Great Quality just as expected. I looked at several other similar products online. It was nice when the item arrived to see that it was actually as good or better quality than the picture online
Krups Replacement Carafe. Krups is the ultimate in coffee makers. A gourmet delight. The flavor and aroma are the chefs delight. The carafe is artistically and designed to please your eye. It is functional and easy to clean. The price is economical. Buy by all means
Innovating product that makes peeling a breeze. I came by this item online and decided to check it out in person before buying.  Guess what!  I bought it on the spot.  The peeler fis neatly in your hand, irrespective of the size of your palm.  It is extremely easy to use and makes conventional peelers look like clumsy dinosaurs.  One area for improvement is the blade itself:  it could stand a little sharpening
Old fashioned can opener. I love this can opener, my Mother had one & it lasted her life time. Great for the mone
Love It!. This is one "gadget" I actually use.  As long as you remember to cut the food to the depth you want the dice to be, it works well.  (If you cut half of an apple, you'll have really long cubes. If you slice the apple first, you'll have nice-sized diced pieces.)  Easy to clean if you remember to use the cleaning tool before running through the dishwashwer
Finally found a stovetop espresso maker made of stainless steel... I love this little coffee maker.  I have always been partial to the stovetop espresso makers but I have never been very comfortable brewing or cooking with aluminum.  This maker is made from stainless steel, which is more expensive, but for me it's worth it (as it will probably last a lifetime.)  It makes a very good cup of coffee and I'm very happy with it.Also, the customer service at the company that ships it out is excellent
Great Glassware. These are essentially the bowls from the professional quality Riedel Vinum glasses produced without stems. By doing without stems you get a glass that neatly fits in the dishwasher, and save about $10 per glass compared to the stemmed Riedel. I have been using Reidel O series for several years and they are fabulous. Since they are genuine crystal as opposed to glass, they develop the bouquet much better (due to microscopic "pores" that regular glass lacks). They really gleam, right out of the dishwasher. Best of all, the rims are thin and smooth, which is the luxury feel that premium glassware is all about.If you are wondering which to buy as an "all purpose" red glass, I prefer the syrah/shiraz glass over the cabernet/merlot or the pinot noir/nebbiolo, even though I drink mostly cabernet. The syrah glass is just a bit taller and more graceful than the cabernet or the pinot noir glasses and brings out the flavors and aromas of all red varietals quite well. But honestly, since all the glasses are well made, the differences are pretty minor and if you like one shape more than another, it's fine.I have been a wine "nut" for over 20 years, and these glasses are teriffic. Buy them, and feel safe using them daily. They will improve the enjoyment of every wine you drink, from Gallo to Lafite
Le Creuset baker set. These casseroles are great. The reason - no matter how much you use them, they will always look new; the washing is easy, just let them soak in soapy watter. The 10 x 7 is really are nice for "cook and serve" meal, just the right size. The smaller dish is great to warm up and serve lunch - I took my to work and I use all the time (even for salads).
Works great!. I received this electric skillet off our wedding registry, and I wanted it cause it's just like the one my mom has had for years (maybe updated a little, but still looks the same).  I usually forget to use it since I keep it tucked away in a cupboard, but when I do it works great.  I mainly use it for browning large amount of ground beef or ground turkey for lasagnas.  I   have received some very minor burns from bumping into the skillet while it's hot, but that's mainly because I wasn't being cautious
It is so 50's !. I bought this pitcher for the pleasure I get just by looking at it. When I was little my grandma had one in her kitchen that I would stare at during meals. As I age this memories are important to me. Of course quality is great and it doesn't drible. Got the scarlet because of it's more contemporary look. Take a look at my customer image above and check how pretty this piece is. I'm sure you'll get one too
Convenient and Light!. I used to have the Hoover Floor Mate and one day it fell apart.  When I bought it, it was pretty expensive so I decided not to replace it and went back to regular Quickie mops.  I always hated rubbing dirty water around and the mop heads kept disintegrating so I started to think maybe I wanted another Floor Mate.  I was walking through Target and saw the Flip It and thought it looked nice and compact so I came home and started researching on line.I decided to get the 7340 Flip-It with Optional Heater.  What I really like about it is that it is lightweight and compact.  You will need to be careful when you aren't using it that you stand it up so it doesn't tip -- just one of the side effects of having such a lightweight hardfloor cleaner.I have a lot of ceramic tiles in my house and I find it much more convenient to use this than the Quickie.  It dries the floor as I go so when the kids and dog come in, they aren't tracking across a wet floor.  Yes, it sometimes leaves a little pool of water, but I just wipe that up with a rag -- not a problem for me.In my opinion, it does a pretty good job. The Flip-It is definitely better than using a Quickie mop and not as much work as getting down on my knees with a scrub brush.  I find it a happy medium.  Good enough and not back breaking work!  Also, because it is fairly small, it stores in a smaller space than my old Floor Mate which is an asset.
Great Griddle. Extremely pleased.  Great for 1-3 people.  Does everything that it claims, and then some.  Super easy clean-up.  Great price.  Highly recommend it
Best Cookware. I started buying Le creuset after watching the cooking shows on the Cooking Netwook. So many of the cooks use this cookware even if they have there own line like Emeril. Very expensive but well worth the money.
cute/good little fish tank. I have had this since xmas 2005 and have been using it since.Only downfall is you can only fit 2 Miniture fish, so not recommended for people that want special fish/ I have used guppies and now neons. Pretty easy to clean and light weight. KEEP door shut if you have cats,my cat just killed my one neon seeing is there is no lid
The Glass Matters. I have used Riedel glasses for a while.  I ordered from Amazon because of the good prices.  Riedel stems are easily broken in our household. (Best to hand wash but I put them in the dishwasher :-() They are worth it, however!  A friend recently commented that she loves to have wine at my house because of the glasses I use.  They feel good.  Wine is an experience that you need to have with Reidel glasses.
Perfect!. This pillow rocks! I bought it for the beach and it is unbelievably comfy!
The best expresso Pot. Bought this to replace my at least 10 year old Bialetti aluminum pot, and I am not disappointed. It makes the best expresso ever and is easy to clean. I bought this along with the Aerolatte "to go" milk frother, and have been making great cappuccinos with skim milk. It is also very pretty to look at; I love this pot!
Great Blender. I was looking for a blender to use to make healthy smoothies. Our Oster bender died after 20 years of minimal use. I looked at different blenders and selected the Waring HPB300 MegaMix, primarily because of the 1HP motor. I have had the blender for about 3 weeks. I use it at least twice daily. It is a snap to clean, far superior to our old blender. The ease of cleaning encourages me to use it more frequently.The noise is not that loud, as other reviewers have indicated. As far as holding the blender while it is on, I rest my hand on the top of the blender which is never on more than a couple of seconds. Not a big deal. I believe it is well designed and like the way the carafe seats on the base.I would recommend this blender for anyone who intends to use the blender frequently.
Highly recommended. great product at a great value...shipped in 2 days, super fast via ground
It really is a super auto!. I've lusted after a Super Auto for years. When I finally decided to get one, I did a fare amount of investigating. The Gaggia Titanium had the best spec's for the price and good reviews. I decided to spend the extra money for the Stainless unit. I haven't seen the painted plastic model so I can't comment on the appearance. I do think the Stainless looks great! You can find reviews of the non-stainless here on Amazon and other than the outside appearance, the device is the same.I've only had the unit for a few days but so far, I'm very happy. To the negatives first. The manual is awful! It's not just the Italian to English translation! The text is skimpy and the illustrations not so great. I spent a fair amount of time making sure I understood how to setup and use the unit. I'm pretty technically savvy and in the end, I figured it all out. But don't rush into using this product until you've figured out how to set it up, clean it and adjust all the settings (there are many).The only issue I've had is whereby the auto bean grinder thinks it's empty when it's not. Open the lid (which could be a bit better designed) and stir and it works. Could be the beans I'm using not sure. It's an intermittent issue.The good stuff: once you figure out the coffee strength and grind, the Gaggia makes a delicious cup. I wish the brew were a tad hotter (I have it set to max) but using the cup warmer helps. No issues making froth with the wand; much better than the older manual machine I had. You can't put a huge mug under the unit (the max size is 4.5 inches) but its so easy to make a cup you just make fresh when needed. You can set the unit for the amount of brew. However, I found that clicking the "large coffee" button twice, the unit thinks it's making 2 cups and that just about fills a decent size mug. It's much stronger too since the unit grinds two doses of coffee instead of just adding more hot water using the programmable size. You get a nice foam on top and as I said, the coffee is outstanding.I love the clean up (or lack of) compared to the drip maker I had (a Bodum Vacuum unit). I still have that unit should I need to make a lot of coffee for company. But for the two mugs I drink in the morning, the Gaggia easily replaces this unit. And there's far less cleanup. The grinds sit in a canister and after a few days, you just tap it out into the trash and maybe rinse. So, you can use this Gaggia to replace a conventional coffee machine as long as you're making a cup or two. What I love is just pressing a button twice (for two large coffees) and walking away from the unit. A minute later, a great cup of Joe. It truly is super automatic.I have the unit set for Energy savor whereby it's in a kind of sleep mode a few hours after I use it. I only drink in the morning. However, if you decide to "wake it up", it heats up in about 2 minutes. It also does a rinse cycle so I keep a small glass under the unit so it can clean itself and rinse out about 3oz of water. There is a little pan under which would catch the water but then you have to toss it out ever few days. There's also a "full Rinse" cycle that thoroughly cleans out the unit and uses about half the water in the reservoir. It's a menu item so don't select it unless you really want to do this (takes about 5 minutes and a lot of water goes into the catch pan or several cups if you so desire).Yes it cost big bucks but as long as it works well for years and keeps its great looks, I'm very happy.UPDATE. The issue with the grinder was the beans (too oily). I called the NY office and got someone in "tech support" in minutes. She knew her product. Sure enough, the inside of the grinder area was super oily making it hard for the beans to fall into the grinder area.
Very functional for a great price. We just purchased this desk and it has the perfect amount of space needed for my computer, and large printer. It has very neat and clean lines and was very easy to assemple, and the final product is very sturdy
Make the Wife Happy. My Wife and I love clay pot cooking. This item looks good on your counter and works perfectly. For the price you can't do any better
Good pan for the money spent. I love this pan it is perfect for making pancakes or a few grilled cheeses
Fantastic Pot set, Fantastic Value. We decided on the pot after wanting either All Clad or Le Cruset for a long time. But the cost for those brands is so high we decided to look at other brands. We looked at Calphalon, Analon, Cuisinart and JC Penny's house brand. After weighing all the prices and quality the decision to buy this pot seemed like a good one. Now we have used this pot 15-20 times we think it is an even better value. It is a great product. Heating is even and fast, things stay warm for a long time and cleanup is a snap. Of course if you want something you can throw in the dishwasher buy something else other than stainless. To keep these in tip shop shape they need to be hand washed, but it is definitely worth it
Blended by the light. This powerful and sylish blender replaced an old 12 speed Oster which had me grumbling with every use.  Two of the primary selection factors were the fact it was NOT an Oster and the wide-based glass pitcher.I've used this blnder to date to whirr together protein breakfast smoothies, make soup, and mix seasoning rub.  It worked well, evenly distributing the contents quickly, and pureeing squash soup to silky smoothness.  I like the pulse feature on this model, and feel two speeds is all I need.  I have not used this blender to chop ice, and I use fresh or partially thawed fruit for my smoothies, so I cannot speak to that feature.I especially like the glass pitcher, which is wider near the blades, easing cleaning.  This also seems to help distribute protein powder better than the old Oster, although that is sort of like saying a gasoline lawn mower is more effective than pruning shears to mow the lawn.The plastic cover seems less wimpy than the Oster, and has yet to warp out of shape in the dishwasher.  I also find the pitcher is MUCH easier to take apart and reassemble for cleaning.  I like the pitcher's stability, and it is attractive enough to serve from.  It is heavy, but that is the trade-off with glass.  So far, I am very happy and only wish I had not waited so long
Calphalon has stepped their cultery with the Katana line. Purchased one for $33 and love it. I've had the Calphalon essential set for about 3 years and have been happy with the balance and handling. I mainly use the 6" utility and the 3 1/2" pairing knife. However,I found the thickness of the blade on 7" chef knife to make it slightly dull for me on many task.  The katana knife is in a entire different league from Calphalon's orginal set. It cuts with very little effort and has great balance.
Well pleased. They work great on wine and olive oil. It saves the dripping and is much easier to use than twisting caps or pulling corks
I love this spatula - won't melt. Nothing quite like a melted spatula you left in chocolate or caramel a bit too long.  This one won't melt - it's very sturdy but be warned &quot;large&quot; means LARGE.  You can't stick it into a can of evaporated milk or tomato paste very well to scrape out the sides.  I'd recommend buying both small and large - trust me you'll love both
Krup Toaster Oven. Over all I like this toster works great. What I don't like is the non stick tray that came with this unit.  The first time I used it the teflon coating came off. I am going to call and see if they have a replacement. Other wise I think it is a great unit. The reason I am not giving it 5 stars is the poor quality of the trays
Color Different but GREAT quality. I love these sheets.  It did not matter to me if the color was BRONZE or not, but this is certainly not bronze by anyone's standard.  It is more a maize.  But the sheets themselves are great.  I've washed more than 2 times and they just get softer
not pretty but sturdy, well designed, and does the job. It is a brutalistic, ugly appliance but it does the job well. Water well is visible, it's ergonomic, and makes just enough steam to finish three wool suits.  Well, maybe more like two and a half.   I was skeptical of the high price, but after much research, I'm convinced this is the best travel one available.  Makes other travel steamers look worthless (and they are).  Jiffy can charge such a high price because there is no worthy competition - nothing comes close
Kitchen Aid FSM150 mixer is Great!. The Kitchen Aid Mixer is the best mixer I have ever used.  It mixes chocolate chip cookies up very quickly.  I don't have to stop and rake the cookie dough back down in the bowl.  It is excellent.  It is also easy to wash
Very Good !!. This silicone turner is very good.I used it for a month.It was safe at dishwasher and on hot pan.I love it
Perfect for 2+ year-olds. My daughter used this set and now my son uses it.  We threw out the fork by mistake so I'm ordering another set -- the fork is just perfect for a toddler but my almost 6-year old still loves the fork.  I'd highly recommend this
One Incredible Pan!. This is one of the best "frying" pans [too shallow to be a "saute" pan] in my collection. It's cooks great, distributing the heat evenly, and unlike other pans, it's heavy weight let's it sit snuggly on the burner of my radiant glass surface stovetop.
Great kitchen gadget. It's small enough to fit in my little kitchen.  It works as advertised.  The waffles were fast to make.  Clean up is easy.  Hardly any needed.  I made mine very light (folded in whipped egg whites after the batter was all mixed up.)  I can imagine making these heart shaped waffles for dessert
Good, but terribly NOISY. I'm quite pleased with the performance of my Power Reach, perhaps because I'm using it strictly on smooth upholstery, to pick up small messes and to vacuum crud out of crevices (it would never have occurred to me to use a handheld - as many of the dissatisfied reviewers seem to have done - for anything more extensive).  I like its design:  with the detaching hose and head, and the crevice tool stowed in the case.  It could be improved by being slightly more powerful, and by having a brush that is engaged by belt or gears; for what I paid, though, I think I got a good deal.  My only complaint:  it is the loudest vacuum I've ever run across - wear your earplugs with this one!
Cuisinart Multiclad Pro Stainless 6-Quart Saucepot. An outstanding piece of kitchen cookware. It looks and performs exactly like All Clad for about 1/4 the price. It cooks exceptionally well AT MUCH LOWER TEMPERATURES THAN YOU ARE ACCUSTOM TO. Because of the aluminum center/core, there is very uniform heat throughout the pot, including the sides. The handles can get hot (because they are close to the body of the pot) while boiling with a gas stove, but otherwise are non-hot pad cool.Don't believe the reviews about hard to clean, food sticks etc. It is &*(%. In my opinion these reviewers don't know how to use the cookware properly. If you are brazing/browning, use a small shot of Pam (I have tried al types of oils, but this works best) and make sure that the temperature ~ 25% less than  normal. Also, Bar Keepers Friend, as recommended in the users manual, is perfect for making the inner and outer surfaces shine. It is non-abrasive.This pot is the perfect size for soups, large quantities of sauces, and roasts. It is more manageable than the 8 Q one that comes with the Cuisinart Multiclad Pro set. I use it more often than the larger pot.Fantastic product and great value. I bought it for 1/2 price on Amazon in December 2006.
Le Creuset = Quality. I own many items from the Le Creuset stoneware collection, and I must say that they are all of superb quality.  This square pan  is perfect for baking and serving my favorite side dishes and desserts.  I have been impressed over and over again at how non-stick the surface of this bakeware is.  Everything I have put into Le Creuset bakeware - brownies, casseroles, refried beans, etc. - has come clean with zero elbow grease.  In fact, the dishwasher usually gets them sparkling clean without my help!  I highly recommend this product as well as everything else from this line
Just great!. I didn't think that finding a good utensil holder would be such a hassle, but to my surprise none of the stores I personally visited (including a shop specializing in kitchen items) had any utensil holders at all. So then I turned to the internet and found several utensil holders to choose from. However, they all either seemed too small to hold much )most had a diameter of only around 5 inches or so) and/or seemed a little too pricey for what you got. This Oxo utensil holder seemed perfect-- reasonably priced with an attractive design and an 8 inch oblong diameter, but would it really hold 16 utensils? The answer is yes-- and more. And I don't have to jam a utensil in it to get it to fit, nor do half a dozen utensils fall out when I remove one. And it's sleek and beautiful. This product is a perfect 10 in all ways
does what it does. i bought this pillow for my wife.  she sleeps with a teddy bear and is always doing work/homework in bed.  she was just promoted and i thought it would be a cute present.  so far, it's delivered
GOOD GIFT. GAVE THIS TO MANY OF MY FIRENDS FOR CHRISTMAS. EACH OF THEM THANKED ME FOR SUCH A NICE & USEFUL GIF
Great Skillet1. I bought this skillet after reading reviews about various pieces of Le Creuset Cookware. I stayed away from the non stick model because of warnings that it didn't hold up well... but this model I've used almost every day for a month and its holding up beautifully..
Cute product. Works great. A bit loud but does the job and is visually appealing. I use it every week.
Pfaltzgraff Sphere 16 Piece Dinnerware Set for 4. I just received my first set of dishes yesterday and I absolutely love them!  I'd read another review where it was mentioned the cups were very large, but I was still surprised at how large they are.  They are the perfect hot cocoa mugs!  I love how the different pieces compliment each other, but are different-it's not as boring to look at a full place setting.  I can't wait to get my next set
Great for Cats,  Watch Out for Splinters. I recently got my cat Boris this toy. He loves to chase and tackle the feathers and really gets a good work out when we play with it. Overall it is a great toy for cats, with one drawback however.  The rod is made with fiberglass and Boris chewed on the end of the rod. When I picked it up my hand received lots of tiny fiberglass splinters which are very painful and impossible to see to get out. Once the pole was wrapped in duct tape it worked great. So a good product, but keep the pole part away from your cat, and your hand.
Great !!!!. I have not had any problems with my dinnerware set.  None of mine have broken but I do not use them in a dishwasher or microwave.  I have received many complements on my plates
Durable and pretty!. These dishes are great! I love the fact that they are micraveable and dishwater safe. Also, beautiful,too. My Sugar bowl was broken and I just had to replace it. I buy my dishes on sale.  The have good deals often
Vornado MD1-002 Humidifier Wicks. I have been using the Vornado Humidifier and wicks for a long time.  I find the Vornado Wicks to be the best you can use for this type of humidifier.  One set will last through the heating season and sometimes longer.  The wetter you keep the wicks the better job they do in wicking the water up into the filters so the air can be pulled through the wet wick and out into the air in your home.  I turn my wicks every two days.  The side of the wick that's towards the outter side of the humidifier becomes dry from air being pulled through the wick.  By turning the wick from outside to inside and saturating it with water from inside the humidifier the Vornado wicks will keep the correct amount of moisture in your home.  Of course you have to set the air speed (fan) and set the control for correct cycling of moisture into the air.  Amazon.com offered the best prices for the Vornado Wicks even with shipping the wicks are priced lower than you can get them retail from a hardware store.  Not many major retailers carry Vornado wicks and the ones that do have them priced high!  I will keep buying wicks through Amazon as long as they keep carring them through their sight!  Thanks
Quality built ironing board. This is a strudy, well built product. It was very easy to install. I did it in 15 minutes. My wife loves it.Now she has a lot more room in her sewing room. We opted to paint it, but it can be stained also.We reccommend it highly
Frother. Coffee at home will never be the same again. ALWAYS use frother & impress guests with my fancy at home "latte".
Saw similar corkscrews in Canada. We were just at the wine festival in the Okanagan Valley in British Columbia, and almost ALL of the wineries had this type of corkscrew available for sale for $10.00 (Canadian) or less.  Now I'm wishing we had bought one up there!  The blade was a sharp little one-inch regular knife blade, though, not a serrated blade as shown.  They were very nice, well made, and heavy for the size
Fiesta ware Canister. I love the canisters. They are a nice size and have tight fitting lids.
Great Assortment!. It has flavors that are not available at most grocery stores!  I like the gourmet flavors best.
small pal light is great. Love the small pal light and the fishies love it too.  But it was very hard to find, no stores that carry the "fish tank" carry this light for it.  I think it should be sold with the tank.  But I still love it now that I have it
Great skillet. I like to make scrambled eggs for breakfast before work. This skillet is perfect, as the eggs are evenly cooked and don't stick. Great product.
Handy Book Light. This book light is great for reading in bed without disturbing another person.  I use it with the converter so I can plug it into the wall , but the battery adapter works well for travel.  I have also used it to read in the car. I wish the wiring was a little heavier, as this was where my former light failed, but it lasted for several years with regular use
Well done. I have been using remote digital thermometers for about ten years now and this one was as simple to set up and get operating correctly as any I've had. I would buy it again, if it ever became necessary
no more doggy fueds with neighbor. i absolutely love this product. my neighbor has four little yippers and my shepard/chow mix was antogonized by the yipping on our side of the fence. I hung the device on my side of the fence and the noise keeps the neighbors dog from picking "arguments" with my dog. all barking and fighting has ceased. all the surrounding neighbor as well as me can get a good nights sleep now
Simply Stunning. Now that I finally got my set of 4 I am pleased to report that they are stunning. The excellent bright tangerine glaze that Fiestaware is famous for and the understated but elegant design make them unique and of course, FESTIVE.I have many cups and mugs but now these are what I reach for most often for afternoon tea.I can't wait until my Fiestaware teapots arrive
Nicely Made. Quality work, nicely finished and it fits most or our knives. I like the scissor/fork holder in the base
Accurate and portable. I bought it to measure more accurately how much protein powder I use in smoothies I make, but I'm sure I'll put it to use measuring other things as well. I compared it with a larger kitchen scale, and it matches the result but has a finer resolution than the kitchen scale.  So it seems fairly accurate. Make sure there is no breeze, because that will throw the measurement off a little. It's a cute little gadget. Fits in the palm of your hand and has all the functionality of a larger weight scale. Very useful, and a good value
Great Sized Knife. If you want to chop like a TV chef but don't like unweildly size and weight of a chef's knife, this is a good alternative.  It is very sharp and easy to use
OK for surfaces other than carpets. I got this as a gift.  If I were buying for myself, I'd wait for a sale.  It's essentially a dust buster on a stick.  I've used mine for about a month.  The good:  decent suction, but not so strong that your drapes get sucked into the cleaner.  Does a good job on hard floors, floor mats, car floors, refrigerator and dryer tops, paper wall hangings and so forth.  Reaches places my full-featured upright won't.  Reasonably light, so doing drapes and wall hangings is less tiring.  The bad:  useless for carpet (I have v. low shag)  It won't pick up small bits of paper and popcorn from my carpet even if I leave the vacuum cleaner directly over the debris for a long time.  I agree with others who say the cord should be longer, but geez - don't these folks have extension cords in their homes?  Ironically, I've found that the easiest way to clean this thing (it has a cloth filter that needs to be cleaned) is to use the attachments on my full-featured vacuum.  Since the filter needs to be cleaned regularly for best performance, I find that I'm getting my full-service upright out at the same time as I get out the stick-vac
Perfect!. The price and product were both perfect for me. No leaks as previously mentioned in another rating. Keeps the coffee hot and fresh
Cherry salad bowl. It is just lovely.  I purchased it as a Christmas gift and hope that she likes it as well as I do.
Convenient!. I could have easily gotten the contents of this kit at my local hardware store for a fraction of the cost, but this kit saved me time and effort because I didn't have to buy wood and then cut it to the appropriate length, find the right screws and parts, and I didn't have to buy these items in bulk which would have been a waste. Of course, if you are a handy-person you probably have all of these parts right in your basement- these are common items (screws, wood, zip ties, wall anchors, etc).The kit allowed me to install the KidCo gates at the top and bottom of my stairs along a wall with moulding and a decorative wood banister. I did have to drill holes in the wall and banister to make the gate as secure as possible. My only complaint is that the wood came in a natural wood color, but with a greenish tint which did not match my house. I painted the wood white before i mounted the gates. There is nothing profound about this kit, but I do recommend this kit to anyone who does not have the time to figure out all the extra parts necessary to mount the gate to a difficult location. It is very convenient
Great for dogs with back / hip problems. My Rottie just LOVES her bolster corner bed.  At the end of last year she was operated on both hips for dysplasia and just couldn't find a comfortable spot in the house to lie down.  Everytime she'd turn over onto her back, she'd complain.  After I got her this bed, all complaints ended and I'm sure it helped her a lot in her recuperation. Whenever she's in the house, she's on her bed, most of the time all four paws in the air.  I really don't know how she'd be today if I hadn't gotten this bed for her.  On the technical side, I'd say it's very well made with good quality materials.  I just pass the vacuum over it weekly to pick up loose hairs and hang it outside every 2 weeks to air it a bit.  Other than that, I haven't had to do anything to it yet.  Great product!
Great value. I bought this stand at Target after looking at many similar stands.  It is designed really well and looks quite good especially given the fact that I only paid $160.  It assembles quite easily and seems to be fairly sturdy
Great for teens. We got 3 of them and gave them to my teenage daughters friends, and they loved them.  Super gift for a teen girl
pre-seasoned version is great. After reading many reviews of cast iron baking pans, I decided to spend the extra $5 on the preseasoned versions.  I think this was totally worth it.  My son loves "cactus cornbread" and will gobble up lots of it.  I use oil spray in mine and the cacti slide on out, no problem.  I usually just have to wipe off a few crumbs when I am done.  Now I want to get the perch pan
Nice Design + Powerful. - Tall design works well when blending "deep" drinks- Powerful motor chops ice quickly and evenly- Comes with "KitchenAid" carry-on pouchNot much else to say about a blender really
Fiesta Ware. I am a big fan of Fiesta ware.  I love the variety of colors and the cheer they add to my dinner table.  My husband even gets a kick out of the dishes!!  Enjoy!
Great for cutting flowers!. These sizzors are the BEST I have ever used for cutting flowers.  I'm a florist and I teach classes- I reccomend these to my students as my first choice.  They cut sharp (watch your fingers!) and quick.  They glide through thin and thick stems with ease (I don't use them for thick woody stems- they'll cut fine, but you'll run the risk of loosening the sizzors).  Highly reccomended for floral use!!! I love these sizzors
The Heat Is On. Amazon delivered this within two days of my order, shipping free!!  Ordered it for my office, does the job, simple to use, small but will hold a dinner size plate.  I could have ordered a higher wattage microwave, but this doesn't blow the circuits and heats real well. Heating up breakfast and lunch is a snap.  So far so good.
Not realy Le Creuset Quality. This item is not made in France, but made in Thailand. The lid is NOT tight fitting, quite the opposite really. Still the pot looks nice, and is a good size for one or two person stews
Best insulated mug I've found. I have 2 of these mugs. They were ones available through Starbucks. I boast about them so often that I should be getting kick backs.My second one I use for non coffee drinks & usually iced. If I put about 5 to 6 ice cubes in my drink about 2 or 3 pm, there's still ice left the next morning. It's great to keep a drink cold and not have it so diluted in a couple of hours that you'd rather pour it out.On my newer one my carabiner broke too but that hasn't "thawed" my enthusiasm one bit
Great Stuff!. This is a great item.  Make sure you follow the training steps for using the fence though (I thought my dog was smart enough to skip a few....I was wrong.)  This product really is great.  It is pretty simple and easy to use.The remote trainer is great too.  I have never actually had to shock Jeb (my black lab) with it.  It has a great "tone only" button and that is all he needs to hear to realize it's time to listen.  He learned from the fence that the tone means the shock will arrive shortly if he doesn't do what he's supposed to.
cheap space saver, does everything good but nothing great. This overall is a handy appliance if you live in a small space. I so far have steamed, boiled, fried, and made a stew with it. All these things turned out well, but if you have the space and money, I would just get individual appliances to do these things, because it works ok but you can tell its not as good as using just the straight up fryer, straight up crockpot. But if youre buying it for space and money saving, its a great deal. We mostly got it cause you can make rice or noodles or even soup in the bottom of the pot while steaming vegies, fish with the basket part over the liquid. Its all done in the same pot at the same time, and is much healthier when making casaroles to keep the vegies separate in the steaming area, adding them in at the end. I would say its weakest point is for frying, the basket provided does not really cut it, its too flimsy and the way the holes are set up doesnt work out. We skipped the basket part after a while, just using it open with a slotted spoon when done, but it takes a lot of oil to even work, if you have two or less youre making for its going to seem a bit much. The main pros are that It is very easy to control the temperature, the heating is consistent, the kettle part is easy to clean, (basket is not too hard if its soaked a bit) you can do multiple types of cooking in it at one time, and finally it heats up fast
Polder Step Stool, Great Product. Small, light and compact yet sturdy and versatile, this step stool is great for the kitchen, garage, front hall or wherever you need that extra bit of reach.  Folds up really tight so it can be tucked out of the way when not in use.  It looks like the same one that's available at Sur La Table for over twice the price
Cobalt Bread Tray. The bread tray will be a nice addition to my other Fiestaware. I think it will be useful for a number of things. My only complaint is that it is a darker blue than I had expected
Good, but a little awkward. I bought this tie rack for my husband.  He previously used an electric rotating tie rack.  The product looks and is exactly as described, but you have to lift up the top ties to get to ties on lower rungs so it is a little awkward.  However, for the price it is a good deal.  Also, the ties do not fall off like they would on a coat hanger
Dream Come true. After going through several Nathan's cheap stovetop grilles. I realized,that although I love grilling food, I needed a good grill pan. I did not wish upon a star but a dream came true with this marvelous cooking aid. I use it evry day, It NRVER sticks and the heat is so evenly distrubuted that everything comes out perfect! It also is a handsome addition to my kitchen.
6.25 ounce bowl. Great size for a small to moderate serving; Fiestaware has been a good find and value for our family (2 generations) as all the place setting colors we have are still available (24 places/6 colors).  We have been able to replace anything that has been broken, plus add different pieces (just added these bowls to the original 2 colors to which we atarted our home).  Mixing colors makes for a variety of beautiful table settings for seasons and hoidays
great little fish tank. I absolutely love this fish tank, and I'm glad I bought it despite the bad reviews it got from this site.  I have a betta fish in mine and he seems very happy swimming around his new office.  One day I couldn't find him, and it turns out he was inside the filing cabinet!  Contrary to what the other reviews say, there are no sharp edges to damage the fish.  Although this tank may be too small for an average size goldfish, it seems perfect for a betta fish.
The Best Invention in Weeks!!!. I'm from the London School of Economics University, and as a uni student there, we are all brainwashed to eat bananas, and so this little gadget is a godsend. LSE has started an inituitive that ALL students should invest in one of these, and have them in all classes to hang our bananas whilst we listen to lecturers talk about the lifestyles of the rich and primitive i.e "Elizabeth Hurl a banana at you" and "Minnie Drive down to the local Quick E Mart for a handful of bananas". This product cannot be recommended enough
perfect. The flatware I purchased was flawless.The design is clean and colonial.It is the perfect flatware for my New England home.It is durable and strong,yet shiny and very substantial
great for reheating in a toaster oven with a timer set -. i use these less than the 7 inch oval bakers - but still a lot -to save energy on reheating -and to live without a microwave..
I love my red dish drainer. I wanted to dress up my kitchen a little, and this does the trick (makes me not dread washing the dishes.  An added plus!).  It's a nice cherry red, and I'm a bit of a "red junkie."I gave this five stars because it's perfect for my needs.  If you have a large family and tons of dishes it's going to be on the small side though.  The red colander's a great extra, as is the little sponge holder (it has suction cups to keep it in place, but mine doesn't seem to stay stuck.  That's a minor detail, though, and it could have more to do with my kitchen's tiling than the suction cups).One thing to note--if your sink's drains aren't centered you might be annoyed with the hole in the middle of the rubber sink mat.Overall, this is a durable and nice to look at sinkware set.  What more could we want?
beautiful!. I got these to dress up our daily Fiestaware as salad plates, and they go beautifully with the persimmon especially, but also brighten up the sunflower or periwinkle...  Stack up really nicely and compactly unlikethe fistaware :-)  Enjoy!
Most Comfy Sheets. We love these sheets.  You can immediately tell how soft they are.  They are the best sheets we've ever owned and plan to get more
Great Little Gadget. This little thing works great. I already owned a circular tie holder, but over the years I had accumulated so many ties that they started falling off.  I read the reviews and decided to buy this one to help me organize my ties.  I was very pleased with it. In fact, I'm buying a second one and plan to get rid of the circular tie rack since this one works so much better.
merry christmas. I got this water fountain for my cat as a christmas gift and she loves it. It's so hard to find things a cat actually loves! She drinks much more water, now. It's very quiet and doesn't need to be filled very often. Even when the cat isn't drinking, it's just lovely to look at and humidifies my orchids. My mother doesn't even have cats and she bought one just for the ambience
Perfect fit under a Senseo Coffeemaker. I like a big mug of coffee, and the Senseo coffee maker just does not have that much room under the spout. My tall mugs don't fit, but these do perfectly. Just a note for fellow Senseo lovers
Some Le Creuset Products need "Seasoning.". Le Creuset's grills, woks, and frying pans come with a textured black enamel that needs to be "Seasoned" like tradiitonal cast iron. There are instructions in the product pamphlet as to how to do this. Basically after removing the stickers using a warm water and soap soak and drying the pan, the pan is coated with a thin layer of vegetable oil with a paper towel and heated at medium heat until the oil smokes. Let the pan cool, remove the oil with a paper towel, and repeat two or three times. A surface "patina" builds up that is quite non-stick. From now on the pan can be cleaned with a moist towel. In the case of burned-on food, a brief soak in soapy water works well. As the pan is used the patina continues to build.  Le Creuset's omelete pans do come with silverstone non-stick if you like non-stick.  The textured enamel works well and is stable at higher heats than non-stick coating.  I own a Le Creuset Wok, a square grill pan, and three frying pans with this textured finish and I find that they work fine after being seasoned this way. I also own a Le Creuset Omlete pan that has a good non-stick coating. This pan work fine for delicate foods like egg and pancake preparations. The textured finish pans work well for grilling meats, stir fries, and other hardier preparations.  If you use good non-scratch silicone or nylon tools in your Le Creuset wares and a small amout of PAM or a little oil spread with a paper towel you will have no problems.
NORPRO wide mouth funnel. this is the best wied mouth funnel I think they make I was very pleased this one is very strong and is larger than most but still the right size for a homemaker that cans once in a while like me, however I sent two to my country cousins who cans alot and she was thrilled and impressed I truely rate this funnel a "10
Every Dog needs a BoBo. We call this Bo Bo dog after the one on the PetSmart Commercial. I got 4 of these at Christmas for our "furbaby", our daughter's furbaby, and various family members furbabies. THEY ALL LOVE THEM! The little bred dogs (chihuahua etc) love to flip them in the air ! The bigger breeds, our mini aussie, in laws Spaniel, squeeze the squeekers till they break and shortly after that they then somehow manage to open up the toy right down the middle seam. Several of the loofa's had to have "surgery" right after being played with. They are a wonderful toy for your furbabies
Great soup pot, easy clean up, always performs as expected. I love this pot!!Think out of the box about the corn emblem on the front of the pot.....it's a 12qt. vessel!During the cold months I make soup every week, perfect everytime.5 star performance!
Perfect size for single servings. Looks good, works in convection or microwave, comes with lid, decent price
Great Value. We purchased this product and just love it. I would highly recommend this
Like it. Our apartment doesn't have a lot of storage and this organizer help me make full use of the closet space. I bought two and am happy with them. I use them mainly for light stuff such as T-shirts. I only put heavy stuff (e.g. Jeans) at the bottom shelf. After all they are made of canvas and they work as they are supposed to
Hey, at least the carafe is unbreakable!. Despite the negative reviews here, I purchased this maker because I'm VERY tired of replacing broken, glass carafes (I lost count after replacing 5 on my 9-year old, basic Mr. Coffee maker, and I'm having trouble finding a reasonably priced carafe replacement).First time I used it, I noted that the coffee wasn't hot enough for my preference. Seems like all thermal makers that have a stainless steel carafe do not have a burner plate - such as is the case with this model.So what did I do to get hotter coffee? Just as I typically do before pouring coffee or tea into a stainless steel travel mug, I poured hot water into the Mr. C's stainless carafe, after pouring cold water into the maker's water tank. I let it sit with the hot water in it while I ground fresh beans (coffee, not fava).When ready to brew, I dumped out the hot water from the carafe and  started the brewing process. As I would have guessed, pre-heating the carafe's inner wall made all the difference needed, and it's easy to do.  I poured my first cup right away and it was quite hot. I poured my second cup 30 minutes later, and it seemed just about as hot (though the carafe's outer wall was cool to the touch).The only weaknesses I see are that the carafe's lid button is kinda hard to press when pouring. Just remove the lid with a quarter twist and problem solved. There is a fair amount of steam coming from the maker's top while brewing so you might want to keep it way from cabinets when making coffee.One other plus: the very bright green clock backlight makes a great beacon in your kitchen at night. Perfect for avoiding stubbing your toe
Great size. This is a great size for ice cream, salsa, etc.  The shamrock is a beautiful color
Digital Thermometer, Timer and Clock. Worka well but didn't come with very good directions on its use.  Fortunately, it was not that hard to figure out. I like the magnet on the back that you can use to stick to the range hood for easy access as well as seeing the timer from a distance
Beautiful ice cream. This ice cream scoop is the best! It feels great in your hand and forms perfectly shaped scoops. This is a perfect gift for any ice cream lover. Rosle makes incredible tools for all uses...I can't wait to acquire more tools for my kitchen
A good Product. A good product. they are a little thin but for the price they are a good deal. If you drool in your sleep it will show up on your pillow case
Review of my lid opener. The primary reason for choosing this product was for the jar opening feature which works great. The can opener can be a bit tricky it trying to engage the can you are trying to open. I have to make several attemps befor I am sucessful,then when I disengage the lid, the cutting unit detaches from the opener.
Very Soft, a little to large. These sheets feel great and they do not wrinkle. The color has a shimmer to it which is very pretty for taupe. I'm glad I bought them. However, the fit is not the best. I have a pillowtop Sealy Beauty rest and they are a little large for it even after washing them in hot water and drying them. Usually I shrink everything so I was surprised but I would rather have them too large them too small.
A lot of beautifull collors!. I just love the design and I supose that everybody must find one collor they like`.It`s a lot of them
So far - very good. Haven't had the vac long but so far it has very good suction and light weight when using. The cord rewind is a plus also
Great Vacuum!. I bought this vacuum after reading the negative reviews and discovered its a wonderful vacuum!  The negative reviews look to me like from people who dont empty like they should or who arent used to bagless vacuums.  I have 4 cats and this vacuum is WONDERFUL!  I would recommend this to anyone who are USED to bagless vacuums
Great Curlers!. I have thin hair, and these curlers work great to give you body and curls.  I would definately recommend this product.  They have the regular iron pins to help you keep the roller in your hair, but I purchased conair's clips for rollers because it is easier for me.  I also purchased these curlers at Target!!  Worth the price
The best travel mug by far. These are the best travel mugs by far. I've used one for over 10 yrs. The only drawback is that if you wash it in the dishwasher, the pad on the bottom will wear out after 6-9 months. Very stable and it holds a large qty of beverage! They're the bomb. A great gift.
A Great Bargain!!!!. Simply the best - don't fool around with the discount store run of the mill bakeware.  This is a set that will last forever (with proper care).  The only negative - you cannot wash it in the dishwasher.  To do so voids the lifetime warranty and damages the nonstick finish
Anolon Classic Cookware. I liked this cookware so well that when I found out it was being discontinued, I bought another se
BUNN - A Great Brewer and Fast. This is my second BUNN. My first lasted for years. After the first one I was given a nice (full of features) Cusinart. As nice as it was... it was not a BUNN.I understand how to use the BUNN. It took me about three minutes to get this machine full of water and plugged in. The set up is easy. Just add water to it. Wait a few seconds then add some more. That's it - two times. Then plug it in and turn the switch on.I love this machine. I use it daily. It is simple and easy to use. It makes delicious coffee - fast!When you go into restaurants, look around and see which brand of machine they use. Most by far will have Bunn coffee brewers.
I recommend this pad. The top layer is cotton / more absorbant and the bottom is less porous /moisture resistant  to protect the mattress.  I used to use all cotton pads but they don't protect the mattress as well. Roomy enough to fit the bed and tight enough to be smooth. No problem, just what I was expecting.  I also like the sturdy plastic case it came in. I recycled and stored a wool sweater in it for the summer. No tax, no shipping, good price, no problem, what's not to like. Recommend
Required equipment for making a roux. If you like to make gumbo or even simple hearty gravies, this is the only way.  The ability of cast iron to evenly distribute heat and remain flat at very high temperatures ensure that anyone can make a dark-red to black roux with confidence
Keep me organized. Rather than using this for magazines, I use it to organize papers. One holder is for my son's school papers and lunch menu, one is for restaurant menus and coupons, and the other keeps some misc items. This keeps all the clutter off my refrigerator and out of my draws. I just love the ease of this product and it is very sturdy. I recommend this item.
Excellent night lights for my needs!. After I moved into my new apt, my big living room used to be dark like a dungeon, and I didn't wanna my place to be shine with different colors like a museum.  So I brought these lights, 4 pack of them since they run on led bulb.  I heard eventually they will replace regular bulb in the future.My order got here only 5 days later by fedex, what a great service!I put them on each side of my living room's wall and some in kitchen, some in hallway and 1 in bathroom.  These lights light up my place with cool, bright blue tint at night time.  I could see everything clearly at night time.  They have dusk and dawn function so they will turn on when room gets too dark and turn off when room gets too bright.  I love it!  Perfect which suits all my needs.  Unlike those 3 glow bricks I brought before, which was a complete waste of money.
Great gift!. This was a beautiful gift for my daughter who has beaucoup fiestaware. Much appreciated
Fantastic Fondue Pot. We love to use this pot. We've made cheese, meat, broth,  chocolate fondues in this pot without any problems several times. It heats up quickly, cleans up easily. A good feature is that the electrical connection (magnetically connected) will snap off very easily if it is bumped into and the pot doesn't move at all
Right size, right material, works great. Our old Calphalon double boiler was larger and the same anodized aluminum users of Calphalon find so familiar. We hardly ever used it. This stainless steel version is "right sized," and despite my initial reservations about an all-stainless pot, it seems to conduct heat quite well, and it cleans up with a quick wipe of the sponge.
Great Collar. This is a great little collar for a great price.  My cat refused to wear a "regular" collar but doesn't mind this lightweight one at all.  With her ID tag on, it looks like a necklace! And importantly, the safety release appears to be well designed
Good value for a low price. Easy to use, and easy clean up with not much fuss.   Seems to work better with a circle of ice made from the plastic freezing cup rather than ice cubes.   Takes a minute or two for the blade to catch onto the ice sometimes and get going, but it does shave the ice nice and fluffy
Not only for crepes. I bought this pan to fry crepes, and it works wonderfully.  Soon everyone is the house was using it for cooking other items as well.  The flat cooking area is larger than fry pans of the same diameter, since it doesn't have the gradual slope that fry pans usually have.  This is our favorite pan for frying or scrambling eggs for a few people. I hope this pan lasts a long time.My husband was hoping I could find a larger pan with the same design, but since this is really designed for crepes, they don't make a larger one.
GREAT Containers For Bulk Fermentation Phase of Artisan Bread!. .It is during the primary fermentation that the majority of dough's flavor develops. The optimum range of temperature for wheat bread fermentation is between 75 and 78 degrees. It is 5-degrees higher for rye. I have found that these canisters create an ideal atmosphere for bulk fermentation, particularly for breads that do not require folding.This canister will accommodate about three pounds of dough and allow for doubling of size. I minimally oil the base of the canister bottom and dough surface with Whole Foods cold pressed canola oil. After I arrange the dough inside, the loose fitting lid is replaced to allow for the escape of carbon dioxide while also fostering a moist humid climate that keeps dough surface supple.Next step: I use a black felt tip pen to write on a strip of wide blue tape (3M's painter's easy release tape) the following information - Dough type, current time, weight, and other special instructions such as the folding schedule. I then place this tape horizontally on the canister at a level equal to the un-risen dough. Later, this will visually show me the dough's fermentation progress at a glance, and it will also reference any other necessary information.My system works particularly for bakers with numerous loaves of varying styles, with different demands, and time schedules all working at the same time. The blue tape frees up my mind so that I never waste time second-guessing myself with questions like "Did I begin bulk at 1:00 P. M., or was it some other time?" Things can get confusing very quickly juggling several different styles of loaves at once.The dough stays moist in the canister, and this is ideal for refrigerator retarding sessions as well. I use smaller canisters for pre-ferments, biga, levain, etc. For the later, plastic wrap is a superior seal to the glass lid only because one can write information on top with a felt pen, such as time, weight, and hydration percentages. This helps retain a semblance of sanity and order to my bubbling, bread laboratory.In addition to grain and pasta storage, I have also used these canisters for homemade pickled eggs. They look beautiful with pieces of fresh garlic and spicy red whole arbol chilies mingled about the extra small free-range eggs.These canisters do not absorb bacteria or odors. They are dishwasher safe on a low temperature wash, and proven themselves indispensable on hectic Bread Baking Mondays!
A GREAT SIMPLE RUG. No child labor was used to make this sturdy and affordable rug, which I use in my kitchen and bath. The color is true and the effect is comfortable. I would buy mor
Visually pleasing, extremely functional. I owned this dispenser for close to a year, and love it.  The cereal is always fresh and accessible and I do not have to keep the boxes or reach out to grab few nuts for a quick snack.  Great design
Nice addiion for my wooden coffee table. These do not have sharp edges, and the smooth bottom will be very suitable for any surface, esp wooden. I like the holder that comes with the set too
Substantial feel. I've seen this particular clock at other web sites.  I decided to buy it from Target.com because the price was good and there is free shipping.  When I received the clock in only 3 days, I was pleasantly surprised to see first how well it had been packed.  It arrived in perfect condition.  I inserted an AA battery only to wonder whether I had gotten a "dud" -- it didn't make any perceptible tick.  Soon it was clear that the clock was working well and I hung it in my newly remodelled kitchen in a prominent place and I love it.  I highly recommend this very quiet, well-made clock
LOVE IT!!. I had been using a glass pan for my lasagnas...until now. I love this pan! Easy to clean, even cooking, beautiful for serving. I purchased two more to give as gifts. A great deal on amazon, as usual
More than one use!. I ordered one of these pillows for myself and another for my husband. We use them daily for watching TV, reading or as armrests on the sofa. They're very handy to have, especially if you have neck or back problems. I highly recommend them
Gift to My Daughter - LeCreuset Buffet Casserole. The Casserole was exactly what my daughter wanted.  It was priced right and came within a few days of odering.  I am very pleased with this purchase
VERY GOOD. Very easy to use and clean.I liked the way it turns to warm when finished cooking. This is very convenient when away from home needing the meal when arriving
GREAT CROCK POT!!!!. I don't know if these people just have no clue how to use a crock pot or what, but I love this thing!!!  I have not burned anything and so far I have made a roast, jambalaya, italian chicken and cornish game hens and everything has been fantastic!!!  This is my first crock pot and it was the best purchase I have made.  I was very worried after reading the reviews for it, but I have no clue what everyone is talking about, it is great!!!
Aroma 8-Cup Cool-Touch Rice Cooker. so far so good.  Washed 2 cups of rice, put  it in the machine, added 2 cups of water. When it was done. We noticed it was alittle dry. So we made it again and added 1/2 more water, perfect! We make both short & long grain rice. works great with bot
appropriate for a formal occasion, dresses up any salad. I am very pleased with these salad tongs. I think they are stainless steel, and fitting for any occasion.  They are SO much better than the plastic tongs I see in the stores!  I love them
Cat Toy. This is my cat's favorite toy.  She climbs, swats,scratches and naps and just can't get enough of it.  She spends hours enjoying it and you can't beat the price.  I've had it 2 years and its holding up very well.  I'm buying another as a gift.
sheets. These sheets are great.  The only complant I have is that I was sent a queen size set instead of full and did not realize this until after I washed and put on my bed.  Still like them
Good Little Mortar Set. I like this mortar and pestle set by Typhoon.  The cast iron has a rough surface that really grabs the herbs and makes for quick work when I need to crush them.  The mortar is small enough that I can easily hold it in my hand to use it, or it is heavy enough that it works well just sitting on the counter.
Great thermometer. Great Thermometer.  Like the readings on top rather than down the side
can't beat it. I didnt give it five stars because I only bought two different brands but this one kicked butt.  My friend with severe asthmatic reactions to cat dander and dog hair can now visit without a problem.  My friend's smoking doesnt hang in the air and I sleep like a baby without the swollen eyes, stuffy nose or scratchy throat of before and I live near the river...a tough challenge.  For the money, you cant beat this one.  I am now ordering three more for friends who felt the same way about mine!!! I also like the 'white noise' effect it has at night and the one in the livingroom(I bought two of this style based on opinions offered here) actually makes the 'plug-in' fragrance circulate more evenly and farther throughout the house!!!  I love this product!!!
HIGH QUALITY FLATWARE. I have been looking for some high-quality everyday flatware for over a year, and I finally have found it!  The flatware is heavy and the finish is resistant to spots and there are no imperfections in the finish.  I am very, very satisfied and would recommend it to anyone.  I think I will be buying a set for my son & his family.  Thank you!  Amazon.com is always exceptional--fast shipping, never any hassles.
Great for what it is and what I need. I needed a sewing machine to stitch together the toys my dog ripped apart and to make him new ones.  I had never used a sewing machine in my life, and so I researched a lot of the lower-priced machines on Amazon and Jo-Ann Fabrics.  I opted for this machine because I wanted a food pedal and an AC power source.For a beginner's machine, I think it's great.  I'm learning how to sew, how to thread the machine, and how to be patient (which I discovered is very important).  When I actually get the hang of things are start working on clothing, I'll upgrade to a fancy machine with all sorts of stitches and lights and doodads.  For right now, my dog likes the stitching of this machine, I like the ease of use, and my fiance likes how small it is.
Happy!. Came well packaged, and in perfect shape. We love it and will continue to for many years.
I love this item...... Own alot of All Clad products and this is a new piece that I utterly love.  Its a nice weight, hold the fondue of your choice at a perfect temperature via sterno which is not included.  Each of the fondue forks has a different coloured 'button' on the end of each fork so you need not worry about knowing which is yours.I also like the indentations on the pot where each fork can 'stand' which helps keep the forks from getting messy from sitting in the fondue mixture, or in the case of cooking meat allows the meat to cook thoroughly without sticking to the bottom of the fondue pot.The stainless is easy to clean, and looks beautiful on my kitchen shelf between uses. Fondue has always been a fun thing in our home, and was never a 'fad'.  It's a fun easy meal at least once a week, and a fun way to use left over vegetables, meat, pound cake etc. for dipping in dinner sauces and desert sauces.While I am a huge fan of my Le Creuset collection and love that fondue etc., I tend to favour this fondue set because its easier to use
Amazing pressure cooker set at a great price. I love this piece of cookware.  Living alone and often working long, inconsistent hours has made this thing a Godsend in my life.  I use this probably a few times a month at least (more in the winter, obviously).  I can make soup in a matter of minutes, or have "slow cooked" pull-porked in 40 minutes.  Shredded chicken for enchiladas or tacos can be light and tender in 10 minutes, and beef for stew is delicate and melts in your mouth in only 15 minutes.  The smaller pot is great for doing fresh vegetables (green beans, asparagus, carrots, broccoli) in a matter of 5 minutes or less.  There is also a glass lid for non-pressure cooking, and I use this frequently since I don't have an 8-quart pot.A pasta bucket and trivet is included in this set, but a steamer basket is not.  You can order the steamer basket through Fagor for a low price, and I highly recommend it for use in the 4-quart pot.  It is great for steaming vegetables without putting them directly on the pan.I've had this for nearly two years and haven't had to replace the seal yet.  I think it might need to be replaced soon, but it has held up very well thus far.  The only problem I've had is that I have a small crack develop in the handle of my smaller pot.  I can get a new piece through Fagor, but I haven't done it yet.  I'm not sure how this happened, since I've never abused or washed it in the dishwasher.Nevertheless, this is a great product and highly recommended
this rack ended half of my cooking frustrations. Whoever came up with this spice rack is an absolute saint.  I bought the white one because it is considerably cheaper than the chrome or satin finish version.  I remembered kicking myself when I bought it, thinking it was an unnecessary extravagance and the money could be spent better somewhere else.  Despite that, this is one of the most functional and user-friendly devices I have in my kitchen.  I'm so glad I gave it a shot.Really, my main concerns when I bought it were: Will I use it; will it make my life easier; is it priced competitively with similar products.  I had tried other rotating spice racks, and been very disappointed.  The main advantages of this spice rack over other spice racks are:Low center of gravity compared to other rotating spice racks.  It balances better, and fits into tighter spaces.No twisting to open or close lids.  A simple snap top saves a ton of time, and keeps me from having too many messy spills.Holds a very generous portion of each spice.  I didn't have to hold too many half-filled trade packages in reserve after filling this rack.  It freed up a lot of kitchen space.Nice, modular design allows you to stack units, or even hang them from underneath a cabinet.Seems to me that the containers themselves are reasonably air tight.  In a pinch, I've even rinsed off a container with the spices still inside.  Turned out just fine.
cheesy name for a good knife. This knife feels great in the hand and arrives very sharp.I am not sure what is the point of the layers of Damascene.  The last half inch before the edge is presumably is where the action takes place and it is good, old-fashioned clear stainless.  The Damascene pattern is certainly attractive.Despite report you may have heard to the contrary, the edge of the blade is not straight like a Santoku knife.  It curves, more-or-less the same amount as a Henckels chef knife.  Having said that, I guess if you are a die-hard chopper you might prefer a big belly Wusthof.The bolster is very unobtrusive, which I like.  The handle is comfortable and tilts up a little, sort of like the Global knives but less extreme.Did I already say this knife arrives very sharp.  Right out of the box you can cut through the stem of a banana almost as if it was celery.  Don't let your 8-year old use this knife for cutting frozen bagels ;)All-in-all it is a really nice knife that I would use all the time if my wife had not taken such a posessive interest in it
Wonderful sandwich maker. I absolutely love this sandwich maker.  The removable dishwasher safe trays are very convenient.  We use it on a weekly basis.  Good buy for your money
Works great!. This works very well and makes great yogurt.  I recommend letting the yogurt "cook" in the machine for 24 hours if you want firm yogurt.  The only negative about this machine is that you only get seven very small jars of yogurt out of it for your efforts.  I wish it was designed to make a lot more.  It is a great yogurt maker though
durable and comfortable. Over the years, we've gone through a lot of air beds, it seemed the more expensive they were, the harder they were to deflate.  I was so pleased to see how durable these were (we have two, twin and queen) and how easy to inflate AND deflate.We can just get whim to go out and look for shooting stars and it's ready in minutes.   And it's perfect for grandchildren and guests, very compfortable.
Does the glass really make a difference?. It does!  I was amazed.  We bought two sets, one for me and one for my husband.  A reisling in the correct glass was more falvorful, the cabernet had more black cherry essence. For a true wine lover, novice or experienced, this is an excellent purchase!!
great product. This product is great for the money and when I recieved the set only one plate was broken and I recieved a new set within days and I love i
Better than expected. I purchased a very good Rival 3-liter deep-fryer over the internet and filters are not available at the local WalMart.  The product description is inaccurate:  with careful placement I easily cut 6 charcoal and 3 grease filters.  The grease filters are thicker than the one supplied with my fryer, and I have to consider that a good thing.  Overall, a better value than the description would suggest.  If you use your Rival deep-fryer as much as I do, you need this.  (I use light olive oil to fry - makes french fries that are actually *good* for you!
Good quality - great service. The vacuum is everything it stated to be and a good buy for the price.I was even more impressed with the quick delivery and Amazon Customer Service
A must for wine lovers!. This insulated wine tote is over the top.  Excellent construction.  Two way zipper, nice shoulder strap, etc.  The picture does not do it justice.  One side for a bottle of wine and the other side contains two plastic wine glasses, a bottle stopper and even a very corkscrew and two small napkins.   If you want to take two bottles, just remove the wine glasses.  However, if you're taking a white wine that you want to keep very cool, I suggest purchasing and inserting some of those small freezer paks and starting out with a very cold bottle.
screen saver for your dehydrator. Tried to use my Nesco Amer harvest without it, what a mess. The strawberries stuck to the tray, which resulted in needing to place them in the dishwasher. Ordered extra screens within days - what a difference - the food pops off very easily and the screens may go in the diswasher top rack if necessary! Only thing that could make the screens better is a smoother surface. The Nesco unit came with 1 and I am glad that I ordered four more
Excellent Quality & Very Pretty. It's rare that you get excellent quality along with delicate beauty...but you do with this very pretty napkin holder. It's surprisingly heavy weight and it's a nice height so your napkins are held straight upwards and do not slouch over like some other holders out there
Richell 94136 Freestanding Pet Gate, Large. This product was easy to assemble, attractive and effective (I have 4 medium sized dogs). The gates are stable even when fully extended. The rubber pads on the bottom keep them from moving on the floor if a dog leans on them. Our Springer Spaniel likes to nap in the small place that is created by the gate.  The only draw back to the gate is that I believe that they will be difficult to "fold up" when I want to entertian and remove  the gates. All in all they were worth every penny
Not the best shape for baking. The pepper casserole is very cute, but I prefer the wider, shallower shape of the pumpkin casserole which I also own. The small, deep pepper tends to cook some dishes unevenly due to the shape. For instance, I used this casserole to bake egg custard. At the end of the recommended cooking time the middle remained liquid. By the time the center was firm, the edges were dry &amp; overcooked. This same dish cooks perfectly in the pumpkin. I find that I use the pumpkin far more frequently due to the superior baking results I've achieved with it
Powerhead. Powerful,compact unit.. Reverse and forward switches making this unit wonderful for enhancing beneficial bacteria in your aquarium.. Only problem I have found is its difficult to use the forward and backward switch, while in the aquarium and the switches sometimes break of
Excellent glasses at a good price. Fine glassware. If you are the type of person who appreciates the difference between fine glasses and cheap glasses you will like these. The glass bowl is delicate and the lip is thin. This makes for excellent "feel" but probably accounts for the breakage rate.The stem and base are also thin, giving the glass a fine feel. The base is etched with the Spiegelau name (small) , which is a nice touch.These would NOT be good glasses for camping, the beach, or for kids. These are as fine as Riedel port glasses I own.The thin glass also makes it less important to pre-chill the glass since the low weight of the glass will not warm the drink much. Very nice.As for breakage, mine arrived fine. Amazon packed the Spiegelau box with bubble wrap and put it in a larger box. However, I agree with other reviewers that the glasses are poorly protected in the factory box. If you are worried try overnight shipping.If I ever need more martini glasses I would buy these again
FIESTA!. Perfect size bowls for fruit and maybe a side dish for those of you who don't like their food all running together on your plate.  Good for snacks like pudding and jello.  Also good for anyone who wants salad dressing on the side ~ nice and shallow for spooning out the dressing.  Plus it won't take up alot of space on your table.  This is a very nice color
Great tasting coffee at a low price. My 23-year old coffee maker finally died, so I purchased a Krups Automatic for about $50. The Krups made either burnt or weak coffee. After two weeks, I gave up and ordered this Cuisinart, knowing that it might not fill the bill. Wow, was I surprised! The coffee taste is great; the construction is excellent, and it performs as advertised. First, I ran plain water through it to see if it leaked or if it filled the mugs improperly. Both tests passed with flying colors. Then I ran a two mug test using ground Melitta coffee. Perfect! Then I ran a single mug test using Savarin medium grind. Perfect again. The 14oz. stainless steel mugs are well made and keep the coffee warm, not hot, for about two hours. (4 stars, not 5 because of this). I like the fact that the unit shuts itself off automatically after it brews the coffee. At $20, it's a steal
BROILKING PR-S1. THE FIRST PR-S1 I RECEIVED KEEP BLOWING THE CIRCUIT BREAKER. I CONTACTED AMAZON WHO SENT ME OUT A REPLACEMENT RIGHT AWAY.BECAUSE OF THE REVIEWS I READ ON AMAZON I FIGURED I GAVE A REPLACEMENT A TRY. THIS ONE HEATS UP REALLY FAST AND ITS GET ALOT OF USE. MY WIFE REALLY LIKES THIS ONE.THE ONLY THING I DON'T LIKE IS THE LIGHT DON'T SHUT OF WHEN IT IS IN THE OFF POSITION. IF IT SHUT OFF IT WOULD GET A 5 STAR
Mine looked like factory seconds. I ordered two of these great Fiesta handled carafes in black.  I plan to use them for serving pieces as well as for accent pieces.  Black is hard to come by at the local retail outlets in my area so I had to order mine without the benefit of scrutinizing the quality of finish before purchase.  I have noticed at the retail places that blemishes often show up on the pieces.  I was not happy when I received my carafes and both of them had glaze skips (where the white under the glaze shows through) as well as scratches in the glaze (which I have never seen before and can't imagine what happened to put them there).  In my opinion these pieces should have been culled at the factory and sold as seconds.  I love the pieces, I'm just dissappointed with the quality of the finish. I also received a black covered butter which was blemish free
A great grill and smoker. I was amazed how juicy foods came out from cooking them on the Big Green Egg. My creations always come out so tasteful and delicious. Even when I smoke foods, I can taste the flavor and even find new ways to cook because of the unique cooking method of this unit. I recommend the Big Green Egg to all of my friends, only because they love the way the foods I cook taste at our get togethers. This is truly a grreat grill and smoker
Finally a GREAT Can Opener!. You would think that all can openers were alike but they are not.  After buying several over the past few years in which none of them worked all that great, this Hamilton Beach Heavy Weight Can Opener is the one that does work great.  I can not begin to say enough good things about this opener.  It works as soon as you put in can in the opener.  I wish i could give this 100 stars because it would be worth every one
Pretty Good Vacuum. I was impressed the vacuum came fully assembled, we purchased new carpeting in my son's room and our room it filled the cup and did a wonderful job with its first use. I purchased this vacuum for my second floor and it does the job wonderfully. The only compliant I have is that its heavy compared to my Dirt Devil bagless.
very good. very nice flatware set. They are a little bit serious and practice at the same time
Brita AquaView Replacement Filter. This was a great product.  Only problem was that it was backordered for so long
Great little pizzelle maker!. I cranked out hundreds of cookies with this over Christmas.  It works like a charm
Review from a salad lover. This bowl was ordered for our vacation house.  Since we only have one salad bowl, it needs to be used for as few as 2 people and as many as a crowd of people when we have a dinner party.  The size was perfect and the bowl looks like it was more expensive than it was. It was shipped very promptly and arrived much sooner than expected. I am very pleased
Great Lil' Dipper. I've had this for almost 2 years, and it's a great little "crockpot".  I've put several dips in this over the time I've owned it, and the only hassle is the cleanup.  As mentioned in another review, the unit is one piece, so you can't submerse it in water.  Other than that, I love having this for holiday entertaining, when I only want to keep a small amount of a dip constantly warm.  (Although I believe it's $12.99 at Bed Bath and Beyond
Must have kitchen knife. If there's one knife you HAVE to have in your kitchen, this is it.  The classical french chef's knife in 8", double wide.  Handles like a charm, has great balance, and has a foil thin edge for easy slicing.  This has slightly better balance than the 10", which may be a bit large for domestic purposes.  I use this one for 90% of all my kitchen tasks.  [It's]pricey but worth it.  Anyway, if you buy quality, you'll only cry once
It works for me. I like this coffeemaker.  It keeps the coffee hot, brews when I tell it to, and the coffee tastes great.  Ok, so every once in a blue moon it spills...so I take a paper towel and wipe it up.  No big deal.  Since it doesn't do that 99% of the time, I tend to think it's because I'm pouring it out too fast.I like it and I'd buy it again
Great versatile bag. I use my bags to store all the linens and things we remove from our boat when we put it into winter storage. It keeps everything together, dry and dust free.I'm buying 3 more to use when we move my daughter out of her college dorm. A lot more versatile than plastic bins
I really like this item. This grinder does just what it says, it is fast and easy to use, simple to assemble and disassemble, and easy to clean and maintain.... i just received this yesterday and today i ground approx. 30 lbs. of meat with it. i did it about 5 lbs. at a time. i did let it rest between each "load". It didn't overheat or even get hot. I would recommend this grinder to anyone for home use
Keep clean and efficient. This AAA battery powered device works just like the fancy ones you'll find in upscale public bathrooms. The dial/off-on  switch works well. Assembly is a little confusing. Apparently you need to prime it, but I wasn't able to figure out this part without the fear of breaking it. So I just filled it with soap and it worked fine. That's my only problem with it. It would be nice if they provided a sticker with brief instructions for guests. Wash your hands often--especially when you're about to handle food
Warm and cozy... This duvet is of really good quality, the lilac color is pleasant and it is the warmest duvet I've ever owned that isn't flannel. The fabric feels like it's flannel brushed..cozy
Rival Snowcone Maker. My son got this snowcone maker for his birthday and he loves it. We have used it about a dozen times and it has worked great. It is easy for the kids to use also and easy to clean. I would definately recommend this for the kids.
Kone Cordless. I received my Kone Cordless as a gift.  I love it.  I like the way it looks and for a hand vac, it works very well.  The shape is easy to hold.
Hoover Bagless Stick Cleaner. Was pleased with the timeleness of the shipment and the cost of the cleaner.  Was not the cleaner I was looking for but I am beginning to suspect they don't make them anymore as I could not find it on line or in the stores.  Such is progress
Just what I was looking for. I internet shopped for a week, reading consumer reports and customer reviews of just about every blender made. I decided on this one based on my research and I am glad I did. I make my husband fruit and juice smoothies almost every day after work and with this machine it is a fast, easy job. Ice and frozen fruit are blended into the drink very quickly.It is a little loud but it is worth the noise to have 500 watts of power. I also like the fact the base is heavy cast metal, the pitcher is thick, solid glass with a tight fitting lid and the blade is stainless. I like the easy to use control knob and the fact it has 2, yes just 2 speeds. I find most machines with 12 to 20 little buttons are fairly useless and all those speeds rarely used, they also take up more counter space because the bases have to be bigger for all the buttons.The fact that the Hamilton Beach comes in 6 colors is just icing on the cake and the Moroccan Red is gorgeous.
surprise double order. I was surprised to find out that I had inadvertently ordered two of these products, when I only wanted to order one.  You need to review your order process.
Easy to use, but expensive. The replacement litter cartridges for my Scoop Free Self-Cleaning Litter Box are easy to use and I have had no trouble with them leaking/spilling, etc. They are MUCH easier and less messy to deal with than changing the recepticle on my old LitterMaid! My husband, who won't have ANYTHING to do with the litter boxes generally, was even impressed at how easy these are to change. Unfortunately the litter cartridges are fairly expensive, and I have yet to find them in a local store so I have to plan ahead and order them from Amazon (free shipping is good, though). They also don't seem to last as long as advertised - I change mine about every 10-14 days (the box is used by only one of my two cats).A minor thing that bugs me about the cartridges is that they are too big to fit into my garbage can after they've been used, so I have to put them in a trash bag and set them next to the can on the curb on garbage day. Not a huge deal, just a minor annoyance
Back to the kitchen. I bought this pressure cooker one month ago, and it saved us a lot of time and money. I bought a 10Qt. Pressure Cooker, and i going to buy another smaller p/c pot. Fagor p/c is durable, stainless, well built, and shiny. I bought and used pressure cooker for the first time and the experience is very positive. Highly recommended
High quality pillow, comfy, hopefully won't flatten. If you're reading this then you probably already know that Latex Foam pillows are the best there are:  they don't go flat, are durable, hypoallergenic, and provide just the right level of support.  I ordered three of these and so far have been pleased with them.  The &quot;down like&quot; cover is similiar to Quallofil best I can tell and produces a comfortable, substantial pillow that is adequately thick for proper neck support.  I am concerned that this fiber fill will flatten over time but for now it's great.  The latex core is resilent and prevents a &quot;cricked neck&quot;.  Keep the receipt and warranty info in case it does and take them up on their 5 year warranty... I will!  Bottom line:  great pillow from a reputable maker that probably blows away what you're sleeping on now. Buy it
Great griddle at a great price. I've used this griddle many times in the last month and have nothing negative to say about it.  It works great
hanging sweater bag. I had a hard time finding this item in a local store with the exact dimensions and colors.  This item came exactly how it appears on the website.
Great for everything from soups to stews. This has been an amazing addition to my kitchen!  I've used it for numerous stocks and stews, I've made beautiful batches of coq au vin, I've even used it for shortcutting the cooking required for mol.  Everything's turned out wonderfully, and I always get plenty of complements from my wife and kids.Everything about the unit is a joy.  The heavy bottom is terrific when browning up meats and vegetables for cooking.  The lid's latch is easy to work.  The valve assembly comes apart quite easily for thorough cleaning, and I've even taken the lid assembly completely apart to get back into the various nooks and crannies.This cooker gets frequent use around here and has always been up to the task.  I love it
Heaven!. I purchased the Chiropractic Neck Dogbone, Pillow, and it came very quickly. I haven't had any neck problems since purchasing the Dogbone Pillow! It's a must for anyone who experiences neck pain
Great rice cooker!!!!!. We made rice using the stove top method for many years. This is my first rice cooker and so I thought I'd get a really good one right off the bat. I was trying to decide between the larger 10 cup cooker or the smaller one. Since we are a small family that that likes rice, I'm glad we got the 5 1/2 cup version for every day use. We made perfect jasmine rice on our first use of the cooker. I'm really pleased with this unit. It's very easy to use, and no more problems of soggy, or burnt rice. The instructions are translated from Japanese to English so sometimes the instructions are't that great. For example, it isn't very clear on how much water to use. But we figured it out. We will try brown and wild rice next.The control panel is easy to use. The unit is very stylish and looks great with our contemporary kitchen. The cooker is easy to clean and it is light weight so it is eay to move out of sight when not in use.
Super Pot. This is a Super Pot. It is much bigger than I expected and it arrived in perfect condition. It holds plenty of soup (which is why I bought it in the first place) but I know I will be able to cook a whole chicken in the pot too. Easy to clean and great to use. I highly recommend this product. Good luck with cooking and enjoy
drop this business line. Product is great. This was to be my second shipment of glasses from Amazon. Trouble, as noted in other reviews, is that Amazon seems unable to ship wine glasses without breaking them. First order last year had 1 broken out of 18 so I kept them; you have to return entire package to Amazon if one broken. This order has 2 broken out of 6 and Amazon could not fill order due to product shortage. Amazon packages glasses as if they are books. Amazon needs to get act together or get out of this line of business
egyptian cotton blanket. very nice, warm blanket, but too big for a full size bed, way too big
Most used tool in my kitchen!. I received this w/in ten days of placing order. Best value for the money of anything I've ordered in a long time. Use it every day. It's easy to grip and gets all juice and pulp out in a matter of seconds. Easy clean up, too
Great pan, but a little on the expensive side.. I love cooking in this pan. I love cooking in cast iron utensils in general of which I have a few (from Lodge). It looks great and cleans well. I don't understand the high price, however. It's just enamel on cast iron. Sure, the colors are attractive but then you don't get the special flavors you get from contact of the food with the iron as you do in the Lodge utensils. It's not some hi-tech product and you cannor really justify the cost. If this is expensive, the rest of the colors at $20 more are prohibitively costly. I can't see myself getting any more of Le Creuset products unless I get them in some special deal (as I did this one) or received them as gift
Excellent Coffee, easy prep, easy clean-up. Over the last several months I'd been dissatisfied with the coffee I was getting from my drip coffee maker. It didn't seem to matter what kind of coffee I used (and I grind my beans fresh, and have been for months)...I would always end up with nasty, bitter tasting stuff by the second or third cup...and this is with a thermos carafe coffeemaker! So when I read about the AeroPress on Instapundit, I figured at $25 it was worth a try.The AeroPress makes fantastic coffee, period. It's so good, you may find that it tastes completely different from what you're used to.Gone is the bitterness. Gone is the sour stomach after the second or third cup, and gone is the wasted coffee from making a full pot but only wanting the first cup (because the rest tasted awful).The AeroPress is fun and easy to use, and makes a concentrated coffee that can be mixed with hot water or warm milk to your taste. Made your latte too weak? Just add a little more concentrate. Too strong? Add more water or milk. Can't really do that easily with drip-brewed coffee.I've had this for a couple of weeks now, and I've used it pretty much every single day. It's faster and easier to clean than my drip coffeemaker was, and since there are very few moving parts and no plumbing, I know it's clean when I'm done.This invention makes the smoothest, most mellow cup of coffee you'll probably ever taste. So save yourself the several hundred bucks on an expensive italian coffeemaker, get this guy and (if you don't have one already) a decent grinder and start making great coffee
A good sealer for average use. Overall I am pleased with the Deni sealer. It is small, stores easily and uses larger rolls of bag material than some small sealers. If the vacuum pump were a bit stronger, it would be perfect
These Are Great!. What a fantastic deal.  I figured these would be fairly cheap at the price offerred.  Boy, was I pleasantly surprised!  They are well made and extremely tasteful.  The design is modern and unique.One piece was broken and customer support shipped out a new one no questions asked.Great product, great service
Finally a pillow that delivers. OK - sleeping on this pillow is pure heaven. The first night, I dreamed my entire bed was made of this stuff, and I woke up with a big smile on my face. I was in exactly the same position I fell asleep in. That is a miracle in itself.I have severe degeneration of my cervical spine. When I was 28 years old my chiropractor told me I had the neck of a 65 year old woman. I also had a completely reversed curvature. When I saw the xray, I understood. For 25 years since then I have struggled with severe neck pain, and finding a pillow that will just - let - me - sleep - has been impossible. I have paid a bundle for all kinds. This one is a godsend. I'm not saying it's a cure or that it will work for anyone else, just that it works for me.This 4 pound weight is perfect for me. It is very sturdy with strong support, sinks in very little, and is SO SOFT. It springs right back when pressed, and it does not retain heat. I was afraid I would get sweaty at night, but not so. It's a small pillow compared to the other foam types I've had. It is a standard size, but I wish it was a little longer, more like a queen size pillow. Still it is pure pleasure. I can sleep both on my back and my side, and my head is kept in perfect alignment with my spine. It is by far the best pillow I've had. I wouldn't trade it for all the royal goose down in the world
Replacemnet Mug. It was nice to be able to purchase just one mug.  The delivery was quick.
Great Product - especially if you have more than one cat. I got my Petmate in November 2006 and so far it's wonderful.  Just like the picture, it is jumbo and it is easy to assemble, refill and clean.  The water stays fresh for days and my two cats love it.  I do recommend cleaning   once or twice a week, because sometimes litter or hair gets in water.My 60lb dog doesn't care for it, he still drinks water from his water bowl.     He is a senior dog, so I have his bowls elevated for ease.  So it may be due to the height, because the drinking tray is low to the floor.
Excellent pans.. These pans although made in Thailand are LeCreuset which is French. You can knock the French for a lot of things but when it comes to food and wine, they don't play, they are simply the best in the world. These pans are a reflection of that French love of food. The pans are very high quality and should last a long long time. They help insulate the food and are easy to clean. An excellent buy
Works for me!. Its amazingly quiet considering whats happening to those poor little beans...It gives me just the grade of grind I need for my espresso machine to get a perfect shot...but it gets a 4 rather than 5 because there were no anti-skid pads on the base (I think they may have been missing...or maybe they just don't provide them even though there is a place for them..
Personal Electronics Power Station. Takes up little space and saves having cords all over. Very neat idea
Everything you need!. Wow what a great set! I just upgraded my kitchen and this set had everything I needed. Would make an excellent gift for someone just moving into their own place
Highly Recommend. Higly recommend this item.  Works well and requires little up-keep
Good heat and great looks!. I put this heater is a small 150 sq. foot bedroom that does not get adequate heat on its own.  Because it is my home, looks were an issue.  It looks much better than any other radiator heater on the market, so I thought I would try it out despite the negative reviews.  I am glad I did.  It works perfectly for this small space, though it does not work as well as the Delonghi TRD0715T (which I also reviewed).  It is slow to heat, but on the bright side it never gets too hot to touch.  I think this would be perfect if it had a remote digital timer and thermostat so you could just leave it on
Whitney Design Pop-Up Hamper goes to college!. I purchased this pop-up hamper for my son to take to college to gather dirty clothes-great size for "big volume". Will hold all his dirty clothes till he absolutely needs to do the wash
Does the job very well, but is feature-poor for price. I recently reviewed the Gaggia espresso maker I bought when I got this grinder, and mentioned the grinder in that review. My views on this grinder are simple: buy it if you are the type that is hands-on, because this grinder requires it. You need to be right there, watching, tamping the beans (especially if they are oily, but usually even if they are not) into the unit, making sure the grind goes into the pockets inside the catcher and all that, the entire time. Much like the espresso maker itself, it does what it's supposed to do and does it well. But for $200, I would prefer a more automated process
Wonderful. I loved the retro look of this clock.  I have had it about a year now and it is still going strong.  I have had it in several places in my home, from the kitchen to a garage that is always about 90 degrees or hotter and humid... the clock has kept perfect time. I only put the clock there, so the kids could see it from the yard when they were playing and know when it was time to come in or for their friends to know when it was time to go home.
Great kettle, but it gets VERY hot!. I love how this kettle looks and how quickly it heats water.  I also really like that it is cordless and you can place it on the base without having to line it up.  The only trouble is that the stainless steel gets extremely hot and stays that way for a long time.  Overall, I would recommend this kettle for those who are concerned about repeatedly heating water in a plastic kettle (like me), but if you don't care about that then you should get one that doesn't get so hot on the outside (most plastic ones cool more quickly or are insulated)
this is a high quality raclette oven. I've used many raclette ovens in the past, but this one is definitely of superior quality. The heavy stone top is really sturdy and cooks evenly. I really like the combination of being able to make a traditional "raclette" with cheese and potatoes, but also being able to grill vegetables and meat at the same time
Great Knife, Great Life. I bought this knife to accompany my current knife set well over a year ago.  It stays sharp and I think it will last forever
one that you can hand down. very good set of pots and pans. I've had a set for years and decided my daughter needed a good set. she was impressed with the weight and ease of use with this set.sometimes with a teflon they wear out after a while especially when you want mashed potatoes and use an electric mixer in the pot, at least with these it doesn't matter. They hold up well. i will probably buy another set, because these are hard to find in a store.
a nice cutter. This doughnut cutter was a huge help for me. Though it may seem small at only three inches in diameter, it is actually well suited to doughnut-making--they plump up quite a bit in the hot oil. It was easy to use--much easier than trying to cut donuts freehand--and a snap to clean off. The only issue I had was the inner blade, the part that cuts the hole. It wasn't flush with the outer blade, so it would only make a circular outline where the hole should be. I had to insert a turkey skewer into the top of the cutter in order to remove the excess dough from the center. I suppose that this would be helpful for making filled doughnuts, and the use of this cutter sped up the process nonetheless. It's a great kitchen tool to have.
Good Looking - modestly comfortable. This is a handsome set for a home billiard room. The chairs are small and do not invite you to sit for any prolonged periods. You need to be medium to small build - preferably small. The table is quite functional. It is well crafted considering the bargain price. One of my chairs came with the wrong set of assembly screws and I am waiting for the vendor to send the correct set. They were responsive after a couple of phone calls
Best hooks ever!. I am a relatively beginner crocheter, but I have been through 3 different hooks: a plastic, Boye, and Susan Bates. I wouldn't give up my Susan Bates for anything! I can crochet without splitting the yarn, there isn't a weird point at the top so it moves wonderfully, and the hook is deep enough to hold the yarn.I taught my dad to crochet, and he had the hardest time until I got him to switch to these hooks. Now his stitches are more even and he's getting faster
Good value. I waited for a while before commenting.  Yes they do give off some fiber initially but not excessively.  They are thirsty - one wipe and your dry.  Very good value ratio- price/quality
Super storage for pet food. My cat is greedy and likes to break in to any food bag she can find. This container is perfect for storing her food bag in, and it is so airtight that I don't even think she knows what it's for. She never goes near this container. It is quite sturdy and easy to operate. I am very happy with this purchase
Great Vac. Great vacuum.  I like the fact that you can see the lint in the canister so you know when it's time to empty.  Sucks lint like a fiend.  I even sucked up my wife's sock by accident.  It didn't skip a beat.Long cord allows the user to do several rooms without switching outlets.  Not too heavy to lug around, either.  Very well engineered.I read many reviews about the turbo head attachment.  Most didn't like it, but I found it to work very well.  No issues whatsoever.  It worked very well on my carpeted staircase
World's Best -- This product has definitely proven  it's title!. I recently adopted a cat and am a first time cat owner and I am determined to provide the best food and litter possible to ensure that I am doing all I possibly can to give my cat a long, healthy life. Also, not having to add chemical and toxins to our landfills is a goal I like to attain whenever possible. I came across Worlds Best Cat Litter website on the internet and thought it was very odd to use a corn product for litter.  My first thought was  wouldn't the cat get confused and try to eat it?  But I decided after realizing that there was no other comparable product out there (besides Swheat Scoop -- a wheat based cat litter that is even more expensive, and the pine wood products -- but pine is toxic to animals and should never be used around them) to give WBCL a try.  Well, my cat was very curious and went right in his box to check it out.  He sniffed, scratched around, walked out then walked back in and sniffed and scratched again.  He walked out, tail wagging high and has been using it for the last few days with no problems at all.  I love the smell, it is strangely good smelling for a cat litter and it clumps very well (better than my previous traditional brand) even when the clumps break up they are still large enough to be scooped. It does not seem to adhere to the box sides and bottoms like traditional clumpable cat litter. I am able to scoop all the waste material leaving the litter virtually waste free. So far, there is absolutely no smell of urine at all -- the solid waste being scooped smells but once that is scooped out the box is as fresh as the first day.  It tracks less, the larger granules don't seem to stick to his paws as much as the traditional litter and there is minimal dust left in his foot tracks (it does not seem to be completely dust-free, but is is minimal.) I cannot say anything negative about this product except maybe the price but believe me, if you are dedicated to using a natural material that works as well or better than traditional litters and does not harm the enviroment, this product is definitely worth the cost. I am sure that I will be changing the entire box less, which will even out the cost a little more and I know I will not feel guilty throwing the litter in the trash. I highly recommend this cat litter.
The Crockery II 4-Quart Slow Cooker. Hey! The service from the stores at Amazon is almost faster than some of the "Big Chain W______" stores we have here. Waiting in line is not a burden after shopping and the product is absolutely a winner. Thanks
Pricey but a good filter. I recently moved to Pearland, a Houston suburb.   The water straight off the faucet is bearable but has a very noticeable after-taste.  Since I am too lazy to use the pitcher filters, bought this tap mounted filter and after two months of continuous use it has worked just as promised thus far.  I can do a blind taste test anytime between the plain tap water and Brita filtered water  and easily see the difference.Outside of the fact that the light indicator hasn't been very reliable (it was off for a few uses and then came back on) and that the replacements filters are pricey compared to the pitcher filters, its a good buy overall
Sweetest little things. These petite ramekins are beautifully made; the ridges are pretty but functional so you can get a good grip on them. At just shy of 8 oz. they will find lots of uses, such as holding olives, nuts and the like. Kind of pricey for such a small item, but they are Le Creuset after all. Glad I bought them
So much better than an electric blanket!. I got one of these someplace else in Queen size.  Toss a cheapo $39 down comforter on top to hold in the heat you you're golden.I got rid of my heated waterbed, and crawling into bed it was so cold.  These are so much better than an electric blanket because heat rises.  It lets you turn down your furnace at night, yet still stay toasty warm.  In Michigan turning down your furnace in the winter saves you money!  This will pay for itself in 1-2 months.  With an electric blanket you only get the leftover heat.  With this puppy all the heat rises into your body.  Dual controls, a bit more extra heat on your feet, and a 10 hour auto shutoff timer are bonuses.  A decent plain mattress pad is half the cost of this.  Get a heated one. I love it!-  Jo
Easy to use Rice Cooker. I have been using rice cookers for 20 years and this is the best one I have used.  It is easy to use and clean.  Smart details on the rice cooker made me decide to buy this one.  Included is a spoon rest, vegetable steamer, and properly placed steam vents.
Steam Press. So far I'm satisfied with my Steam Fast Press. It does save some time from ironing. I can sit and work and watch TV.
Perfect for lots of foods!. I make extras of everything and this keeps things like spaghetti and macaroni & cheese perfect.  I like the longness of the container, makes it easy to pour into from what you cooked your food in.  I have 3 of these, and I love em
Good crate for well-mannered dogs. I have two fairly large dogs:  70 and 80 pounds.  I also have a minivan in which I transport them.  I currently have two of the Large size (Green) Home'N Go crates permanently set up in my van in place of the second row seats.  I use the side van doors and leave the crate side access doors open full time.  Both of my dogs are crate trained and do not chew or scratch at the crates.  In the house, I use wire crates.  I would recommend these crates for use in a vehicle as they do not scratch the interior.  I am changing to the Medium size to allow the front seat passengers more leg room.  I have found that the dogs do not really need the Large size, even when traveling for hours.One weakness of the soft crates is that there is no place to hang water buckets or food bowls.  This would be a nice addition
So far, so good!. It's still brand new, so everything's working great.  I really love the color; I bought it to match my yellow standmixer.
KitchenAid KA1PR16N  thumbs up!. I got a smoking deal on these right before Christmas. These forged knives are fairly large and heavy which I like as I have big hands. Great for a guy.These may be a little big for some petite girl but they are nice. They needed to be sharpened with a ceramic stone. I don't know how to use the supplied sharpening steel so I didn't even try. About 20 pulls of each knife with successively lighter strokes (HA!) and they were as sharp as a set of Wustofs. The steak knives were stamped steel and just don't fit in, and while they do take an edge, I replaced them with some matching forged steel ones to match the cutting knives. I see some confusion here. I just looked at the pictures of the "for sale" items, they they are showing the forged steel steak knives included (a different picture than the picture I saw when I bought them). If this is so, this is a smoking deal! With the stamped steel steak knives it's still a good deal even if you replace them (like I did). If they actually ship with the stamped steel knives, I see probelms with their advertizing though. Overall these are very good cutting knives
Mikasa Stanton Stainless-Steel Iced Tea Spoons, Set of 4. Good heavy, substantial feel.  Not likely to bend.  Nice shine.  Nice contemporary pattern.  Highly recommended
Bring Along the Bottle. My husband received a similar bag for Christmas that holds 6 bottles of beer.  We are scheduled to attend a formal event where we will need to bring 2 bottles of wine.  The black is perfect for the purpose and looks much better than a gawdy paper bag or bottle bag and we don't have to worry about the bottom falling out.  The material is sturdy and for cold wines will insulate well
Pizzelle Press. I bought this product for our family to start making Pizzelles. Its so easy to make and the size is just perfect.I would recommend this product to everyone.Kids can do this too
Sweetest little things. These petite ramekins are beautifully made; the ridges are pretty but functional so you can get a good grip on them. At just shy of 8 oz. they will find lots of uses, such as holding olives, nuts and the like. Kind of pricey for such a small item, but they are Le Creuset after all. Glad I bought them
Easy to use, good value. I have a manual sharpener, but in reality almost never use it. The electric sharpener makes keeping my knives sharp a no-brainer. There's a coarse grinder for knives that are dull. For most knives the fine- and polishing-grinder works just great. If you have inexpensive knives, the coarse grinder will chew them up, but if you have well-made knives the Waring will work well. I've had good success with the Waring
Great light. I am very low vision so I need a significant amount of light to read. I have had a lot of trouble with the past "itty bitty"s I've bought. My head generally needs to be so close to the book that it gets in the way of the wand with the light on it. I also get annoyed with having to move the wand when I go from page to page.This one is not the brightest light (LED generally doesn't seem as bright as the old fashioned yellow ones to me) but it's good enough! Since the wand is centered, I never have to move it when I switch pages, and it's short enough that I have no problem with my head getting in the way of my light. This is a great book light and it really is "itty bitty". The tiny thing is in my purse and the only problem is that it's so small, I often have to dig for it - a problem I could have wished for
A Beautiful Item. This is a beautiful item. The copper and brass together make this an interesting paper towel holder for any kitchen. The base is made of copper and is not as substantial as I would have liked it to be, but the weights that attach to the base make it quite stable.The paper towels pull off the roll easily and the bar makes it easy to only get the amount of paper towel that you want.This item blends beautifully with other copper kitchen items and has given my kitchen a proffesional look. I quite happy with it and proud of the way it looks in my kitchen
Best I have had yet!. At first I didn't like it at all but it takes some getting use to and now I love it.  As I said "the best yet"
my kitty "Boo-boo" just loves it!. My three year old med-length hair tortiseshell cat adores this brush. She gets persistent dandruff and furballs but won't let me touch her with any other brush. I have tried about every kind of brush but she hates being groomed! So imagine my surprise when I pull this brush out of the package and she actually lays down for me to groom her after a few strokes!The only downsides to this product are:1. the small size - it doesn't hold much fur so either all the fur ends up on the floor or you are emptying it every few strokes2. the "front" versus "back" positions - cats do not generally stay in one place, I have three and they roll and walk around while I groom them. It was a bit unconvenient to constantly switch the brush from my left to right hand to get the proper angle to de-shed my kitties. I don't know how this could be improved but it is a downside to the product.Overall it's defineitely worth the 10 bucks I spent, my Boo-boo never lets me groom her with anything else
** This is not the large size, it's their medium... This 6.5-inch diameter lid is not the large size.  The large size is appx 10-inch diameter and is advertized by Progressive as their large size.All sizes work great, though
quality. I have noticed a lessening in quality to the Pormeirion Botanic Garden line.  The china was noticably thinner and the quality of the finish of the decorations was less than my original set bought 25+ years age.
Waring MX1000 review. Pros:Professional smoothies (exactly like Jamba Juice)Very easy to cleanPolycarbonate carafeQuick (does its business very quickly)Cons:Expensive (not everyone spends $400 on a blender)Loud (not appropriate for apartment living)Bulky (its significantly larger than a normal blender)When I unpacked this blender I knew right away that it is a very serious machine. The base is very large and heavy duty with two large switches. One is for pulse and the other high and low speeds. The engine is rated at 3 horsepower and power cord is very think similar to the cord used on a high power drill or garage tool. The unit itself has a geared metal socket that matches a toothed metal gear built into the carafe. No plastic clutch that can break. The lightweight polycarbonate carafe sits on four posts, but will need you to hold it down with your hand on top for it to work correctly. The blade is a four prong item that is splayed out and has a broad flat blade on each tooth. The idea here is that a super sharp blade isint necessary as this thing spins very very fast.I was quite startled when I hit the pulse. This thing spins up instantly and is VERY loud. I would almost say twice as loud as a conventional blender. That said it is also very high speed and pulverizes frozen items with impunity. I put in frozen strawberries and this pulverized them so well the seeds were not evident. Ice doesn't stand a chance at all.This device appears to be more powerful than the pro blenders used by the local smoothie place or a gym. It is every bit professional and I would challenge anyone to break this with ice or other items short of metal in the carafe.Cleanup is a snap as everything is plastic or rubber. Gunk under the blades was also not an issue as you just fill the carafe with some water and a quick half second pulse cleans everything in the base.I would caution people in that while this may be the last blender you will ever buy, it is not really a consumer appliance. This machine has as much in common with a standard blender as a chainsaw has with a hair clipper. I really like it but my neighbors hate it.Five stars because it's the Lamborghini of blenders and the smoothies are amazing. But like an exotic car, it's not for everyone.
Love them!. I recieved my order, as always, in a very timely fashion and am very pleased with the quality.Teresa Headington R
Great canner, plenty of room. I have yet to use this product, but it is esactly what I was looking for
A direct comparison will clinch the argument. We currently live in France, a country where wine is etched into the national consciousness. We invited some French friends over to compare Australian and French wines of the same grape varieties (chardonnay, cabernet, merlot), but didn't have enough Riedel glasses to go around. Some of us were consistently rating wines lower - and then we realised that they had the non-Riedel glasses. A quick tour of the table with the same wine in the two types of glass convinced everybody of the merits of this glassware. A TIP ON WASHING: one pain is the need to hand-wash these glasses. A sommelier gave us the tip that to avoid breaking Riedels while washing, do not hold the stem to turn the glass while cleaning it. Hold the whole bowl with one hand, while using a wash cloth with the other
Product is good BUT. Your charges on shipping make it stupid to order from yo
excellent product. I love the idea of the 3 different size container's they are so easy to use and exchange. It also doesn't take that much space on my counter. I have it sitting out all the time, because it is in use so much
Perfect Rice - and lots of it!. I've owned my rice cooker for about almost 2 years and use it alot...my significant other is a fantastic cajun cook, and if you know anything about the cajuns, they looove their rice. It cooks rice (white, brown, wild, mixed) perfectly, every time, and it keeps piping hot for hours. I like it so much I bought one for my cajun mother in law last Christmas, and she raves about it. The large capacity enables her to cook for an army. She bought her own mother one recently.
Excellent product. This product is sturdy and easy to use.  It holds the ironing board and iron without any problems.  Excellen
Waterford Unity Candle Holders. It was very pretty, exactly what we wanted to make my daughters wedding day SPECIAL
Krups Replacement Carafe. The replacement carafe is the exact replacement part from Krups. It has the same features as the OEM. Its purchase saved the coffee maker from the trash
somewhat flawed but not horrible ... ok never mind, it's pretty bad. UPDATE APR 12, 2007:well, two flimsy plastic pieces on the filter holder have broken off in the last couple weeks.  first piece was just an irritation but the second broken piece has disabled the coffeemaker.  i am debating whether i should order replacement parts or just give up on the machine.  another irritating thing that had been happening over the past couple months was the top lid randomly popping open in the middle of the brew, causing hot water to spit everywhere -- when it first happened to my wife, i scoffed at her incompetence and clicked the lid back into place firmly -- only to have it pop back up two minutes later, much to my embarrassment :)wish i could change my star rating ...ORIGINAL REVIEW DEC 27, 2006:agree mostly with other reviewers here on some negative traits:  coffee maker is too big, steam emissions (including out the back) requires that you give the machine wide clearance, the lid is designed in a way that it will drip condensate down the back of the machine when you open it, etc.  on the positive side, the machine is very attractive, and the carafe keeps the coffee surprisingly warm for hours.i am not a coffee aficionado so cannot opine on how much better the coffee is vs our old $80 krups -- it seems marginally less bitter and clean tasting (i drink my coffee black and usually drink americanos outside the home).  i suspect that most coffee drinkers would only see a minor difference in taste.  but on the other hand, perhaps those willing to pay this much for a coffee maker will generally have a more discerning palate and notice a greater difference than i do.let me address the issue of spillage, as it appears that there is great debate about this across the many capresso model lines.  i initially had problems with the ST600.  the design is poor.  the spring-loaded, safety cutoff switch situated at the bottom of the machine is too powerful and actually pushes away the carafe when it's empty.  even if it does not push away the carafe far enough to cause the spout to disengage and coffee to overflow onto the counter, it will still create enough of a gap to cause steam to shoot out and condense on the front of the machine, between the machine and the carafe.  this condensation will dribble down the machine.  this is the phenomenon described by lane and sean in prior reviews.  this is exacerbated by a slippery countertop (e.g. a granite surface).  this could have been avoided by having some sort of locking mechanism that clutches the carafe snugly to the machine, rather than relying on the friction of the footpads on the carafe to hold it against the machine despite the spring-loaded switch pushing it away.this issue was bad enough that i considered returning the machine.  this is how i've "fixed" the problem:  when i insert the carafe, i insert the spout first while holding the carafe at a 45-degree down from horizontal.  then i shove the bottom of the carafe up against the bottom of the machine in a way that actually ever-so-slightly lifts up the front of the machine.  this changes the angle of the force from the spring-loaded switch just enough that it has to tilt the carafe to extend, not just push it away.  the spring is not strong enough to push away the carafe in this position, so the carafe stays snug to the machine, and i get no steam spillage and condensation on the front of the machine.  this sounds kinda idiotic, especially for a nearly $200 machine, but it's something that you get used to quickly (the angled insertion motion is not that different from most coffee machines anyway -- just a bit exaggerated).  i suspect another solution would be simply putting a non-slip pad under the machine.at the end of the day, is it worth the money? ... did i mention it looks nice?  :
Great. Bought two;  one for me and one as a gift.  We both love them
shark. excellent product does what it says it can pickup anything, it feels like holding a chainsaw in your hand.
Good quality. I ordered the set for everyday use. When ordered it was on sale. The set was well worth the money. I ordered a second set just in case some pieces are lost as this happens with everday use
Tables. Purchased the mission style end tables and coffee table for a medical office and they are great - Our patients comment everyday about how beautiful our new office is
Ironing day is a pleasure.... Oh, how I hated to give up my faithful and trusty Black and Decker iron that I have used for the past 15 years or so...but we parted after my little iron was starting to wear out.I ordered the Black and Decker First Impressions 1350-Watt Auto-Off Iron to replace my aging iron. Boy am I glad I did. The First Impressions iron is a dream to use when sewing --- the iron has a large water compartment which means lots of steam. Steam is important to sewing as it helps seams lie flat and is useful for applying no-sew interfacing.Steam, and a bit of heft, helps with daily ironing. The First Impressions iron does that too. Not to heavy, but heavy enough to make ironing a breeze and not a chore. Within minutes I ironed my cotton dresses, blouses and hubby's dress shirts. Within a half hour my weekly ironing was done and I was not all steamed up as this iron really does the job it's supposed to do
Utterly Perfect. As a longtime collector of Homer Laughlin's Fiesta, I can say this pitcher might be the apex of design. It is form AND function, beautiful and sturdy. The colors never fade, and  you never have to worry about a chip. The range of colors is outstanding. I have one of these in every color except black( black to me was never a good Fiesta color ) and I use them all. Great at parties to have lined up in a row with different drinks in each pitcher. I use Fiesta exclusively on my table  at home and always get compliments.
Great Deal. The color was a little lighter than I wanted, it was like a smokey dark blue not a bright navy but it feels great and is the perfect size. My boyfriend really likes it too. For the money its a great deal for a great product.
Simply the best!. I have been using Swingaway can openers for years, although I have tried the safety openers as well; I found the others to be too hard to work, whereas the Swingaway requires only the barest extra effort over an electric can opener.  As for comments that it is hard to clean... one reason I use one is that I can actually clean it!  When I look at other people's electric can openers, I have to back away, they're scary.  Over the years I have bought extras, to have one at work, one in the car, one at home, and one for every dear friend.  This is a great value
great. These are excellent products for the price and great to have around......even if will never use them
MAKES PERFECT WAFFLES LIKE NORWAY. Just like Norway! Husband is from Norway and these waffles come out just like home
The ultimate vac. After trying a lot of "lesser" vacs, i finally found one that works perfectly. Love it. Very easy to operate and no mess when you empty the bagless jar.Highly recomemded
I Like 'Em. I have these on a plastic textured telescoping rod and they work well. The first week or so, 3 or 4 had the tendancy to come unhooked when being pulled too fast but other than that, I like 'em. Also- not only are they better looking than the plastic ones, they are *so* much easier to install/remove when you wash or replace the curtain or liner. I am sold on shower-hooks for life
great little bakers. Good Bakers, rather small, but they fit what I use them for very well. Being single I don't usually cook for large groups. I like to make a dish based on a tofu burger recipie with them. I start off on the stovetop then transfer them to the oven to finish cooking. They are great for that. Two personal sized dishes that come out well formed. Stainless is easy to maintain with a little care. If this is the size dish you are looking to cook, it is a great little baker
Functional with Pizzazz. I can't say enough good things about this beautifully-colored, lidded casserole dish.  From fruit cobblers to hot dips or even a small lasagna, it performs extremely well and can easily be taken from the frigid temperature of the freezer to the high heat of the oven and then to the table.  Food bakes evenly, the lid keeps contents warm, and its attractive, vibrant color is sure to enhance any recipe.  With a 1 1/2-quart capacity, it's perfect for two as a main dish or for four or more as a side dish.  Well worth the price
Bodum rocks. These Bodum espresso shot glasses are not only functional, but awesome looking as well. The double layered glass makes these a piece of art when filled and also keeps the glass cool so you don't burn your fingers. Great product with a modern look
I Love It!. I had bought my first Fiestaware Cereal Bown sight unseen from Amazon.com, and I absolutely love the rich, cinnamon color of Cinnabar!The Cereal Bowl comes in handy and we use it for hot and cold cereal, soup, ice cream, and leftovers (smaller portions). It's microwaveable, too!If you've never used Fiestaware before, this would be a great introduction to the line, especially if you have use for smaller soup/cereal bowls.
Love My Knife. I really enjoy using the knife.  I have a very nice set of Henckels knives now.  The blade is sharp and very sturdy.  I'm sure it will last for many years
As close to silent as you're gonna get. I bought this pump today and hooked it up.  It made almost no sound.  You could only really hear it when you put your ear next to it.  I have been ignoring the loud rattle that my old pump made for entirely too long.  It costs more in the stores than the other pumps, but its well worth it.  Heck, the fish seem happier without a big rattling thing vibrating their water, remember sounds carry better through water than air, so if its loud for you, imagine how it is for them!
fiestaware at Amazon. I hadn't used Amazon before and did so at the suggestion of my sister.  Amazon had the products that I wanted, at good prices, and the ordering process was easy.  I did have the need to return an item, due to an error on my part.  I followed the return procedure and it went smoothly, without a hitch.  Very convenient.
Great sheets, good value. I bought these a year ago and have not had a problem with quality or workmanship.  The sheets have become softer with washing and are the exact weight I prefer (not too heavy/thick). Here is the big thing - no pilling!!!  No little scratchy friction nubs.  Not even on my husbands side of the bed.  These sheets have a nice sateen and have worn very well.  Great value at 39.95.  Yes, they do wrinkle out of the dryer.  Who cares compared to sheets that scratch you after a couple of weeks or those with fabric that doesn't hold up to wear.  No problems with seams or fit. I bough Lilac, which is a blueish lavender just like the flower.  I've purchased two sets of other brands since then, trying to get a pair just like them. I would buy these again
great table. I purchased this thinking I would need to shorten the legs in order to use it as a table in my bedroom sitting area between two rattan arm chairs, turns out the height is just perfect, and this is by far the best constructed piece of this collection, it is the sturdiest and doesn't have any masonite exposed on the base or the sides like the bench
Mom loved them. Birthday gift and my mom, great southern cook, was thrilled with them. that made me thrilled.John Dwain
Nice but bright!. This machine is larger than many ceramic models but nice looking and heats very well. The fan is very quiet. I like that you can use it as a fan without heat as well. My only complaint is that the blue LCD that tells the temperature does not dim or shut off and is VERY bright. Too bright for a bedroom. Really lights it up. I'll be looking for some way of safely masking it. Otherwise very nice but hope it lasts
Wonderful tool; fixed a critical issue. My wife and I love to hike with our German Shepherd. However, her (the dog) behavior had become an issue. Whenever, she sees another dog or horse, she loses her mind, and we lose control of her. We did not want to resolve ourselves to hike with her on a leash.Now that we have this device she "comes" on command, and not on the second or third time we call. She comes the first time, and to my hand. Now we can hike with her, and gain control when we see dogs, horses, and those who do not share our enthusiasm for dogs.I like to add this devise is not cruel in any form. It has a dial of 8 settings. I tried it on myself. I could not feel "1" at all. "2" and "3" tingled. "4" felt uncomfortable (not painful), and that is where our dog is set.The only issue is at home. We have an "invisible fence", which works on a very similar principle. The issue is that when I "beep" her or "zap" her at home, she becomes very confused. Hence, we only use it primarily for our hikes, which was our desired goal anyways.The conclusion is that I highly recommend it for hiking or rather "off-leash" walks. You may have mixed results at home, if you have an "invisible fence". Although without the "invisible fence" issue, I believe it would be very effective for any sort of training.Bottom line is that it works and I wish had I bought this tool earlier.
Great buy!. Not only did we save a bunch by buying through Amazon, we're also very pleased by the quality and utility of our new Analon cookware
Amazed it works so great!. I really didn't think I would find something that would hold this much water and keep it super hot all day long.  It is so wonderful for my mom, who is vision impaired, since she can see the red light(at least I think she can)and the buttons are big enough for her to press on her own.  The unit can be filled up in the morning and she can have hot tea all day long without having to fill or spill anything herself.  It's really great! So easy to use, an almost blind person can use it
DOESN'T FEEL LIKE SATIN. THESE ARE NICE QUALITY SHEETS BUT I WAS A LITTLE DISAPPOINTED..I WAS EXPECTING THEM TO FEEL MORE SATINY.
Hamilton Beach Toaster Oven/ Broiler # 31177. I am very pleased with this oven. heats evenly and the temperture controls are excellent. Also is very spacious, will hold a good amount of food. The only thing I wish it had was an extra rack. A large oven like this can handle two racks. The oven itself is very attractive, and looks nice on the counter. The large window is a plus, no need to open the door to check on food. I would highly recommened this oven . For the price you cannot beat it
Great new pot. Great addition to my set of these pots & pans. It's nice to have the glass tops to peek inside. The rubberize handles make them nice to use. Everything cooks even and is easy to clean up.
Sunflower Yellow is Beautiful!. I collect both old and new Fiesta Ware and was thrilled to see the vibrant new Sunflower Yellow dinnerware.  The color is wonderful; much darker and more golden than the &quot;old&quot; yellow.  This bowl, particularly, is nice.  Because it is not too deep, your dinner guests can see your favorite dish; because it holds two quarts, there's plenty to serve.  Very lovely product that is easy to take care of
excellent disply article. While the functionality is perfect, the color is lighter than shown on the internet.
Great Slicer. I have not had any problems with this slicer and I really wish I had known about this slicer before.  This is my third slicer, and by far is the best quality and value
my favorite way to cook. this thing barely fits in my oven so it can make a big big stew.  i have loved my 4 quart schlemmertopf clay pot but sometimes it's a little small for what i wnt to cook.  when i saw the romertopf 6 1/2 quart i had to have it.  try this: 2pound roast, 1-2 inches of water, salt, pepper, garlic, basil.  cook in oven at 350 for 1 hour.  add two large russet potatos cubed, 1 pound carrots, one large red onion, one large bunch of celery, all chopped, and one 16 oz. jar of a good marinara sauce (h.e.b.'s 2 dollar version is great).  add water to about 1 inch from top of pot. cook for another 2 hours at 350.  you don't even have to check it.  this is stew like mom used to make!!!
cosco step stool. I was pleased with the step stool.  It was fairly easy to puttogether.  Looks nice in my kitchen
Pretty good. I was worried my cat wouldn't take to the new litter, but he had no issues. This seems to work better than Litter Maid. We have a very large cat and LitterMaid would always get stuck and filled up so quickly. We have had this for 3 months so far, and so far we haven't had any problems. The litter seems to last between 2 and 3 weeks for our large cat. I can extend it a little by putting in some fresh litter on top.All in all, this has been a pretty good product
Item was returned... because I chose the wrong size.  The return and consequent credit to my account was handled very efficiently and fast by Amazon.  Thanks
Fuss-free pan holder. Forget about the clumsy thick baking mitts and pot holders which do not allow for a good grip on the pan.  This little piece of suede is perfect with cast iron pans with handles even though it is designed to be used with Calphalon pots and pans
Premiere wine decanting!. I must say, there is decanting wine and there is "DUCK" decanting!  This "duck" decanter is far superior on every account.First, it has a perfectly balanced feel in the hand when filled with wine.  It tips easy and effortlessly and is a smooth fill to the glass.Second, any wine novice or expert can tell you this decants and airates wine perfectly.  It really does what its intention is.  Your wines will become much more mellow and refined.Third, its beautiful to look at!  Its almost ornemental in its design.  Not many other decanters come close to its originality and sleekness.  I love it on my table!  First class all the way.Worth having in your decanting arsenal for a sure dinner party pleaser and good conversation piece!  Simply amazing
Awesome Trash Can!!. This is by far the best trash can we've ever had. We had spent nearly $100 on a stainless steel trash can from Sam's before, but everytime you put something into it the lid always got some kind of gunk on it. This trash can is perfect & well worth the price! We haven't had any problems with the trash bag holder ring, and the automatic lid makes things so much easier. Now trips to the trash can don't result in a dirty mess! Our only request would be that this trash can could be a little bigger. The next largest size is WAY to big for a small kitchen. This can is the standard size though. I would recommend this to anyone else who is sick of having to clean a trash can lid
Pretty little dishes!. Not a necessary addition to the Nova Brown dishes, but very pretty and will have a number of uses.  The pottery and colors are beautiful and the price can't be beat
Wedding flutes. Me and my fiance purchased these flutes for our wedding toast, and are very happy with them. Amazon's free shipping was actually 6 days faster than quoted, so that was an extra bonus. We actually found the same flutes at Bed Bath and Beyond for the same price, but the free shipping saved us the trip to the store!
Amazing!!!. Wow, what a pan. I have bought the 8, 10, 11, and 12.5 inch pans. I love them. I have recently and replaced my Ultrex non stick with these pans. Waiting for the lids to the 11 and 12.5 inch ones so I can really start cooking! I have heard so much about these pans and it is ALL true. Superb cooking!! Omelets to die for they practically flip themwelves right out. Don't let the light weight of this sturdy pan fool you, it's all about performance. Heats up evenly and doesn't need very high heat at all. I was almost tempted to just paper towel the pan, but went ahead and hand washed with warm soapy water. LOVE IT!!!AWESOME 2/3/07I recieved the 12 1/2", it comes with a lid!! I used it to make panfry dumplings. I have tried Ultrex, non stick and Revere stainless, neither with good results. Both didn't come close to Swiss Diamond. Little pricey, but I will never have to buy another non stick pan again, this one has a limited lifetime warranty. Limited to the fact I don't cook commercially or abuse the pan. Even heating, even on burner that is not as large as pan,great browning and nothing sticks. Highly recommend!
Basic features, excellent design. despite the lack of fancy features such as adjustable tempreture and timer, this fryer has outstanding air filter and oil drain that takes the pain out of deep frying. It's practically odor free compared to our previous fryer with fancy features. being able to lift the basket without opening the lid also helps contain the greasy air. highly recommended.
Great cocktail shaker. I have purchased several cocktail shakers over the years and have always had problems.  With the typical stainless steel ($20+) one the lid always got stuck and sometimes I'd have to wait more than 24 hours to again try to get the lid off.  I also bought a plastic ($30+) one which worked very well but the plastic lid ended up cracking within one year.This shaker is perfect!  The lid fits inside of the container rather than the outside so it never sticks.  Plus it's insulated which is fantastic.  My husband and I enterain outdoors frequently so this is a real plus!  And the price is excellent
This Brush is AMAZING. When I pick up the brush both my dogs fight to be first.  My Chow has long hair that is always in knots on her backside.  This brush just plowed right through them and she never even seem to notice.  My Malamute thinks I have nothing better to do than use it on her.  It completely got rid of the odors.  My dogs rate it their second favorite thing in the house just under their food.  The most amazing thing was I had to buy a second brush as I found by accident that it works for me too.  I have very long hair that gets knotted very easy.  In a hurry one day I picked up their brush and in seconds the knot was gone.  No pulling no ripping of hair.  If you have the same trouble I suggest you give it a try.  Would be Super for kids
Great Product. Bought this as a gift for my mom. She said it took a time or two to get used to, but now she loves it
Nostalgia Electrics CCP509 Full-Size Popper. We really like our popper...except A LOT of kernals do not get cooked and are spit out because both sides of the stainless steel pop open up when popcorn is cooking.  We used the best popcorn, Orville Redenbocker, and almost 40% fo the kernals did not pop.  Other than this problem, we like the machine
WORTH IT!!. IT'S SMALLER THAN WHAT I HAD EXPECTED, BUT IT'S WORTH THE FORTY BUCKS..
Perfect Solution for my husband and I. My husband like to keep the bedroom cool (Brrr). This helps him sleep better; however I was cold until we bought the dual control mattress pad. Wow. I do not know how I made it in the winter now "Pre Mattress Pad" nights. I turn it up to "5" for a few hours before I go to bed, then I turn it down to "3" at bedtime, and it keeps me perfectly warm all  night long. I sleep better now. As for the dual control- ours came with two controllers ( I noticed another reviewer's did not- don't think they purchased a true dual, though). The dual control is simply wonderful. Only my side gets warm. My husband sleeps cool, I sleep warm (he never uses his side). What a great product. I just found out I am pregnant, though, and I have read that heating pads and heated beds should be avoided due to potential harm from overheating the baby-- so now I will need to go without. Good thing it is March !
Simply...the best!. I have had a Brikka for about three weeks now and think is the greatest!  It is easy to use, clean and the espresso comes out with crema and is very hot every time!I haven't had any problems with it at all.  A few tips:  In order to unscrew it for cleaning, simply run it under cold water for a minute and then pull the valve inside the top chamber up to release the pressure.  Then, it will unscrew easily.Also, you will hear a distinct noise when the espresso is almost finished.  You can look into the top of the coffee maker and see the crema.  At this point, don't wait too long before you take it off the stove and serve, as the creme will disappear if you cook it too long.Enjoy
Cooked some croissants just fine. My old pans got a little rusty round the edges and the non-stick on these new ones still works.
Make cooking breakfast easier. Love the grill press! it even looks cute with the little piggy on it. The egg rings - well, the eggs stick to them no matter what, and they are not heavy enough - egg oozes out, so they're kind of pointless. But they were cheap so no big deal, since they were a filler item for this order
This is an unbelievalable value !!. I purchased this set a couple of weeks ago, and could not be more happy with the quality of the products.  For the price, I don't think there is anything else out there with the all these fanstastic bedding products in one box!  I love it
Very good kitchen timer. It is simple and easy to use. Large clear numbers. Like one of the other reviewers, I also use it to time espresso shots.
Much better than I expected. My title sums it up - I really had low expectations for this chair, but it performs like a champ.  It's in our children's room, and it gets knocked about a good deal, but it still looks reasonably elegant (and much more expensive than it really is).  I'd recommend it unconditionally; indeed I just bought another for my office :-)  Worth every penny and then some
7-in springform pan. This is a great pan.  I have a larger one, but this one fits in my pressure cooker.  Makes a wonderful cream cheese cake in the pressure cooker
Edge Grain. Useful review above, but the picture clearly shows it is an edge grain cutting board.
works great. The litter locker is great. After running out of refills, I could really notice when going back to the old method (scooping into a small aluminum trashcan for a day or two before taking it out). I have not been able to find the refills in stores, but they seem to be cheaper on Amazon anyway, so when I run out I will just buy enough to get super-saver shipping and stock up. Also, it's small enough to carry back and forth between our two litter boxes (semi-close together), which is nice. The one free thing of bags that came with lasted just over a month I think for 2 cats scooping 2-3 times a day, and I only had to empty it twice (but see below).One warning (and the reason for minus-one-star): After I ran out of refills I left the locker full (you really can't smell it!) until the refills arrived. But after a few days I started to notice a smell, so I opened it up to check it out. Not sure if it was because I let it fill up too much before emptying, but somehow the bag had managed to rip/break so the dirty litter was all over the bottom of the locker. ick. I will try to me more cautious about not letting it get over-full in the future. Also, note that the black line on teh refills means you're about to run out
My Klingon Kitchen Knives. Couldn't resist the design, but to try these out first bought the 8" chefs bargain and then fell in love with the feel as well as the look and got the set with the storage block. Plan to expand to what is still missing (esp the honesuki and nikiri)I find the handles a very comfortable fit, and the blades are so well balanced that I don't find them tiring at all. The parer is a precision instrument, and I love the santoku (both sizes). The sharpener is exactly that: so use with care and keep a honer handy as well for in between touch up. I used the small utility for getting every last bit of meat off of a turkey carcass after Christmas -- think the small honesuki might be even better for this task -- but the utility did a superb job and was easy on the wrists -- I find the short handles make for more finesse in handling and the knife seems to "go" where I want it more easily.Not everyone will find these to their taste, but I think they are great
What more is there to say... it's an ice bucket... It's all that I expected... a plastic bucket to hold ice cubes.  I don't really know how to rate that except I will give it 5 stars because it holds more than it looks like it can.  I don't know where they get the 4 ice cube trays worth figure... I have the nice rubbermaid ice trays that produce larger cubes... I can fit 6 trays in it with ease.  Very happy with it... like I said, what more is there to say, it's an ice bucket
Pink Pans for Cancer Research. A great Christmas gift for my daughter-and a way to support breast cancer research.  The pans are beautiful and well made.  A wise purchase
4qt Stainless Steel Presure Cooker  ,Presto 01341. I am delighted with my Presto 4 Qt. cooker.  Used it twice and works great. I am planning on buying another one for my Mom. She love it ,too
Exceptional addition to any kitchen. Unfortunately, this pan is no longer sold as an open stock item, and can only be found in sets, such as the 8- and 13- piece sets. Fortunately, I was able to buy it from a Marketplace seller for a very agreeable amount of $50.  However, I do see that Amazon is selling it for $150, which is vastly inflated, but takes into account the fact that it can't be obtained without buying the 13 piece, $399 set.This pan is just the right size for sauteeing, stir frying, you name it. It's not huge like it's big brother, the 5 qt. saute pan, but is suited to most normal cooking. The walls are deep enough to contain many dishes, which is nice.  It's a bit heavy to hold one-handed (better for those fore-arm muscles!), and I appreciate the addition of a small handle on the other side.Of most importance is its lid, for some reason, which Calphalon does not sell separately. It can fit snugly over this pan, the wok, the 10" omelette pan, AND the 8 qt. stockpot. Hey, it even fits some of my old pots as well. Thus, increasing the worth of this item.Really, a terrific addition to any kitchen.A note about cleaning- after extended use, there will be tarnishing and brown blemishes (at least on my gas range).  To get rid of these, do NOT use Bon Ami because it's too gentle and doesn't get rid of stains.  Best way to go is Barkeeper's Friend, about $2.50 at your local supermarket, or Cameo Stainless Steel Cleaner.  However, Cameo is more abrasive than Barkeeper's Friend, and WILL reduce the mirror polish of these pans.  Barkeeper's is the way to go- remember to ALWAYS rub in a circular manner- back and forth will scratch the surfaces
Very useful. I purchased this as a stocking stuffer for my husband this Christmas, and it was a wonderful choice.  I have to admit, that I chose it more because of it's sleek design than any functional qualities it has, but this was definately a great choice.He primarily uses it in bed to read while I am sleeping.  When my eyes are closed, I have no idea it is on.  Some book lights are so bright that even while I have my eyes closed, I could recognize their presence.  Not with this one!  The other side is that the light is plenty bright enough to read.  The light is just highly focused.  When I opened my eyes, I just happened to be looking right in the bulb, and nearly blinded myself!  My hubby says that it is wonderful, and he uses it nightly
Love to cook in large amounts. This product was purchased to match previous pieces in a set.  I love the size of the stock po
Beautiful color. I absolutely love the new Scarlet color by Fiestaware.  Mine did arrive in one piece which is a miracle as the box looked like it had been used for soccer practice -- sometimes I think those Fragile stickers result in box abuse!I was surprised at how small it was, but it did say 6" and 6" it is.  You won't bake a pie in it (unless you make individual ones) but it will be great for dips and sauces
Rival 6 quart ice cream maker. Works great. Motor is faster and stronger than the basic machines. The dasher is quite a bit more impressive as well.
Not JUST swedish, they're Norwegian, too!. I love rosettes. Everyone always compliments me on mine, and 2 dozen disappear like magic at family gatherings. They're wonderful crispy cookies, though, if not crispy enough you can just put them in a 300 degree oven for about 5 minutes and that'll do the trick. They're really fun to make, but take a lot of time. And contrary to popular belief, they aren't just Swedish. Scandinavian is a good term to use, as rosettes exist in both Swedish and Norwegian cultures. My family is only Norwegian and we've been making and buying them for generations.
Great glasses, but be careful. These glasses look like ones that cost much more. They are thin, crystal-clear glass. Realizing that, I thought they should be hand washed. But I broke one of them while drying it--the side of the glass simply popped out while I was running a towel inside it. Then I turned to using the dishwasher--and I broke another, which I had put in the top rack (I think it was too close to other glasses). Now I wash them in the bottom rack of the dishwasher, away from all other items, which has worked fine so far.
Coolest green pot!. We've benn collecting Le Creuset cookware for years and without a doubt this is our favorite pot of all. It's the perfect size for 2 people and the round bottom is great if you want to start out sauteeing. And that kiwi green couldn't get any happier
Cuts like a knife 10 times its price!. This knife is amazing. I saw it had earned the highest review in a cooking magazine, so I went ahead and ordered one -- its only $30, right? When it came, I wasn't too impressed initially -- it was lightweight and felt kinda junky. But boy can it cut! I have paid a lot more for knives that didn't cut nearly as well. I would highly recommend this chef's knife
Great table!. This is great table and chairs: solid, real and very good quality beech. My kids (3 and 7 years old) love it. I ordered "two days shipping" and I had my order two days later. I would recommend this product with my pleasure
sharp stuff!. The blades are really sharp, a wonderful replacement for my old knives. Chicago Cutlery is quality cutlery. The only criticism, if there is one, is that the handles could have been sanded a little more
Just what I wanted. This carafe is inexpensive and keeps the liquid hot for at least 12 hours. The only problem was that it had scratches and little stains on the lid and the surrounding area, even though it was delivered perfectly packaged.  I am guessing Amazon sent me a returned item, not properly check.  Two out of three items in that order came with scratches!  I am a new customer and this is very disappointing, since up to now I did not have any problems with other sellers.I am not returning it because my previous carafe (Guzzini) after six months began to leak, so I need the carafe now.
stick handle steamer. I LOVE MY STEAMER I BOUGHT. I HAVE THE REVERE  PANS AND I DIDN'T HAVE THIS ONE. IT WORKS SO WELL WITH MY PANS BUT I LOVE TO STEAM VEG. IN IT. WORKS GREAT. I HAVE HAD REVERE PANS ALL MY LIFE. MY GRANDMOTHER HAD THEM AND WHEN I GOT MARRIED I GOT THEM TOO.
Super sharp, great medium size knife. I really like this knife for making thin slices of small to medium size veggies. However, I think this knife is a bit small for mincing onions and the side is too short for scooping like a cleaver (which is bad for your knife anyway). I still usually grab for this knife because its insanely sharp, light, and versatile because of its size. I can use it as to slice tomatoes, shred lettuce, and then dip it in the mayo jar. Perfect for making gourmet sandwiches. Great knife, worth every penny. I plan on getting a 7 1/2 inch Global vegetable cleaver/knife and a Shun 10" chef's as well.
cool carafe. I love this carafe - it is perfect for making flavored water with sliced lemons, limes & oranges. The narrow neck means that the fruit won't fall into your glass while you are pouring and the fruit staying put also means it can steep in the water longer...YU
Nancy in Oregon. I ordered these glasses just for the adults in my family.  We have had child proof and unbreakable plastic glases too long. I have used sturdy thick glasses just so the kids could learn to load the dishwasher without breaking everthing. Now it's time for a real glasses.  These are a work of art. Nice to look at and to hold. They did break the first time I ordered them, I think they were over packed in the box, but Amazon took care of that and replaced the broken ones. The second shipment was fine I enjoy these every day. Perfect for a tall orange ice tea.
Love this coffeemaker!. I bought this for my husband three years ago, and he absolutely loves it.  In fact, many people who come to our house ask about it, as the coffee is superb.  We are very picky about our coffee, tending to buy expensive brands and grind the beans ourselves, and this coffeemaker wins hands down over the many we have had through the years.  I would never consider another brand and would hesitate to buy another model.  The coffee is usually hot throughout the day (depending on how much is in it, of course), as my husband always heats it with boiling water before he brews the coffee.  We have never had the first problem with boilovers, leaking, implosions (huh?), etc.  In fact, I'm getting one for my daughter and her husband for Christmas, as they always admire ours
Fantastic muffin pan. This item is heavyweight, easy to hold with an oven mitt, with an excellent nonstick finish.  Without question the best muffin/cupcake pan I've ever owned.  I'm back to buy more
No more plastic megalo-mart bags!. I bought the LitterLocker Plus last month as a trial-run because if it didn't work, I was going to send it back.  The refill already came with so I didn't buy anything extra.  The refill (with 2 cats) lasted about 3 weeks.  I decided that I couldn't shell out that kind of money for a refill, so I took the empty refill to Wal-Mart and matched it up with a Diaper Genie refill from the kid's section and they are ALMOST a perfect match AND they are under $5.00.  I use the white ones.So, I think it's a good buy if you are tired of using plastic bags to scoop you kitty's litter and it really helps that you can use Diaper Genie refills
Great wine glasses. Bought these a few weeks ago and have found them to live up to expectations.
Mostly great. I bought this as a temp home for a betta until I got her a larger living space. it's great for that.  I now use it as a hospital tank for my bettas to recover in, w/o gravel it makes medicating easy and travel time to the surface is shorter for the sick fish wich is a plus.I would never recomend this as a permanent home for a betta. the general rule is 1 gallon for every inch of fish
Nice and warm, minor flaws. I am a 30-year old man and bought this for myself because I am a nerd.  This is nice and warm - I kept my heater off at night this winter because if I had it on I'd sweat under this comforter.  So, as a warm comforter, mission very acomplished!  The fabric appears thin and feels different (almost papery at first) than normal cotton (as noted in the less-than-favorable reviews of the matching sheets), but I don't find it at all uncomfortable, and the fabirc hasn't worn or torn yet.  My only objection is a minor cosmetic one - they managed to make Chewbacca look oddly... feminine.  Oh well
Valentin Cake Pan. The cake was easy to remove from the pan and was perfect.  I took it to a party and everyone was amazed at the detail of the cake.  I only added a drizzle glaze
Great tea kettle with silicone handle - brushed steel version. I got my brushed steel Tea Kettle as a housewarming present, and I have not had any problems with it. It works great on both electric and gas stoves. The handle does get a little warm due to some heat transferance between the metal of the pot and the silicone, but I've never had to use any pot holders with it as it's never been uncomfortable. It pours smooth, is easy to use, and I like the fact that it has both a whistle that can be lifted up to pour and a removable lid so I can put tea bags directly inside the pot when it's finished boiling so I have a pot-o-tea. Easy to clean with that removable lid, too
Great product, espcially for the price. I bought this to go on my queen size bed, since it seems like all the queen size comforters are too small.  This is the perfect size so that my husband and I don't fight over the covers.  The quality is great, the color is nice, and the price was excellent.  I don't know what they go for now, but I only paid $19.99.  And I love that it is machine washable.  I recommend this product
THIS IS AWESOME. What a awesome idea...you can SEE everything as you shower....but your hidden....its like getting two shower curtains for one..and the no hooks is so much neater, better....not having to 'wash' and dust hooks...great product!!!
Busy B&B LOVES Mezzaluna!. Since I own a B&B, I grow my own herbs.  I have owned this mezzaluna for a number of years and it's still going strong; the blades are just as razor-sharp for mincing fresh herbs as they were the first time I used it.  The wooden "bowl" has become somewhat discolored, but that's okay by me -- it's just beginning to take on that "antiqued" look that I love!  This is one of those little-known products that makes you say, "How did I ever get along without this?"  You can mince ANY fresh herb quickly and near-effortlessly with this item.  I also use it for chopping other fresh vegetables and dried fruit for my scones.  The ONLY drawback (honestly) is the design of the blade.  The handle resembles the blade so much that you need to be extra careful not to grab the blade instead of the handle -- which is why it only gets four stars and not five!  If Henckels would revisit this "character flaw," they'd have a perfect product!  Oh, and you won't want to submerge the wooden chopping bowl in water for any great length of time (just as you wouldn't want to do that with a good chopping board, either) as it might warp somewhat. Mine did just that, but when it dried completely, it went back into shape -- and I learned my lesson -- which I'm now sharing with you!  This is a product for serious cooks who spend a lot of time in the kitchen preparing quality, fresh food.  I ordered five of these and doled them out to friends and family members (who are "serious cooks") for Christmas gifts.  They all love theirs!  Enjoy your newest kitchen gadget and use with confidence
Sweeper Bags. The Electrolux sweeper that uses these bags is very expensive and so are the bags.  If I had known that I could only purchase these online I may have chosen another vacuum system.  But, on the bright side, the sweeper works very well and the bags are not too challenging to put on and remove
Riedel Ouverture Beer/Icewater Glasses, Set of 4. As always Amazon stood behind its merchandise.  I bought these as a gift many times and the recipients are always very happy with the
Love these dishes. I really love these dishes!  I have been looking a long time for square dishes that had some personality and didn't cost an arm and leg - these are what I have been looking for.  They are rustic and imperfect which makes them charming.  Other reviewers were disappointed with the color and the small imperfections in the glaze - the color is more mint-y but it is a great color; the glaze imperfections make them rustic, but I did look at them closely to make sure they would not deteriorate later.  I did have a couple broken ones in the 2 packs that I ordered and a couple where the glaze imperfections were a little too much.  I contacted Amazon through their online service and the exchange was fast, simple and at no cost to me.  I also like the size of the mugs - not too small and not too big for coffee to become cold too soon.  They stack well even with the difference is edges and we have not experienced any scratches from using knives on the plates.  The salad plate is a generous size - perfect for salad or snacks.  I am very pleased
Good deal. I got it about two weeks ago and have used it for a few times already. It is in good quality and I like it so far. It is definitely on the heavier side. Personally, I wish it is a bit lighter. The other problem is that the handlers can get really hot pretty quickly too, which is inconvenient.
If it doesn't annoy the dog, make it annoy the owner. I bought this bark stop because my neighbor has a pit bull that stays out 24/7 barking, and the shared fence is about 15 feet from my bedroom window.  The dog barks so loud, there is no where in my house that I can retreat to for silence.  I bought this super bark stop in hopes of quieting the dog.  The dog is so stupid that it barks even more when the noise starts up.  So we turned the volume up so that the neighors hear it too.  That's what did it.  As soon as the dog started barking and the alarm sounded, the dog was brought in.  That was until the neighbor broke it with a broom stick so we are buying another one.  Too bad for them
Great Addition. The steamer insert fits a variety of pots. It is a great way to prepare fresh vegetables
Great looking, works very well. We live in a studio apartment so we wanted something that would take the chill out during the spring and fall when the heat doesn't come up.Because the studio is relatively small, we also wanted something that looked  good with our eclectic pieces of modern furniture.This heater more than fits the bill, and, placed in front of the winterized A/C also kills a nasty draft during the winter months.It also has a slim profile which facilitates storage during the summer months.The only (very small) improvement would be if the cord came out of the side opposite the controls, which has as much to do with where it sits in our apartment as anything else
Happy purchase. My husband purchased the Console table and the bookshelves for my massage studio. I put together 2 bookshelves and 1 console table in 2 hours. I love them. They are sturdy and solidly built. I have an 18 quart stone massage heater and several hot stones on one table- it holds up nicely. I would suggest this set to anyone.
Outstanding product, easy assembly, fast shipping. I received 2 racks exactly when promised and had them both put together in less than 15 minutes (using an allen wrench drill bit). Racks are very sturdy and extremely useful in our alterations business, where we have long gowns and many articles of clothing to hang. I will be ordering a couple more as soon as needed
I love my new Fiestaware!. These are great dishes.  I've had no problems.  I'm collecting a place setting in each color and they look fabulous. Do try to see the dishes in person so you'll know what the colors really look like, as computer monitors can be off in their presentation of colors.  These are nice and can be everyday, but still used proudly when you have special occasions.  The vivid colors make everyday meals more energetic and cheery.  We love our "rainbow dishes"! Coffee cups are a little small compare to most modern mugs, but they are still fine.  The bowls are a perfect size :
Pfaltzgraff makes it a 5. Everyone I gave the mugs to enjoyed them and stated how they suited their personality so well.  I just needed a mug to give with arabian carpet squares (mug rug) that I picked up in the middle east.  Amazon had these for a very good price and they are quite cute.  Pfaltzgraff is a brand that everyone identifies with quality
VillaWare Quatro Pizzelle Baker is a dream!. This product makes four perfect pizzelles at a time!  There was no stickiing even from the first pizzelle made.  It heats quickly and with reasonable timing does not burn either!  I would recommend this brand to anyone wanting to make a smaller size pizzelle
1 1/2 quart covered round dish. one of my favorite pieces of stoneware.  very good size.  cooks eveningly.  like the blue color
Advantage is Great. Advantage for cats from this merchant was great... great product... great price... great service.. thank
BEST STEAMER I'VE EVER USED. WE HAVE HAD SEVERAL STEAMERS BUT THIS ONE TOPS THEM ALL OF EASE OF USE, QUIETNESS AND FOOD PREPERATION.  IT IS THE QUIETNESS AND IMMEDIATE STEAM (WITHIN 30 SECONDS FROM TURNING IT ON)THAT MAKE THIS PRODUCT SO SUPERIOR.  I PREFER TO USE DISTILLED WATER TO PROLONG THE LIFE OF THE HEATING COIL - BUT - AT THIS PRICE - I WOULD CERTAINLY PURCHASE ANOTHER OSTER WITH SIMILAR RELIABLITY AND FEATURES
Great Shower Curtains. I first saw and used this type shower curtain at various motel I stayed at while traveling. I liked them, because of the hooklees feature and the material they are made out of. I couldn't find them in any store (ie. Bed Bath & Beyond, Walmart, Kohl's, Boscov's, etc. so I went to the internet. Great product.Bob Swanso
Beautiful wood. I was in need of a larger knife block.  After looking at the many options out there, I'm glad I chose this.  The bamboo wood is very rich in color.  I also needed a slot that was long for a carving knife.  This block accomodated all my needs
Nice kids pillow. My son loves it very nice. It is a nice gift for ages below 5. It got a good shape, nice grip to hold
Worth the price and attractive on the countertop. This KF510-BK makes a good cup of coffee which was my main priority in the purchase. The switch of my six year old Braun which made excellent coffee broke and the replacement cost was more than a new model. I found no negatives with the process of preparing the coffee but keep in mind that the gold coffee filter (which my older Braun came with) is not included with this product, but.....fortunately, I was able to use the old one in this model instead of paper filters. I believe gold filter makes a better cup of coffee.  I am not using the Brita water filters at all since I am filling the reservoir with filtered water from my refriferator door
Chef's Choice 632 Slicer. Positive:  Great! Great! Great!  I spent weeks going over reviews and comments about electric food slicers in preparation for replacing one that I had been using for about 25 years.  It was heavy, clunky and would slide around the counter when used.  I only took it out to use when nothing else would work.  But it did slice.  After reading all that I could in the reviews, I decided that the Model 632 seemed the best fit for my use.  Cooking is a hobby and not a profession so I needed nothing more than a good quality, home slicer.  I decided to keep the new slicer on the counter for a while so I could try it out.  I think it has found a permanent home.  I find that I am using it almost every day for bread, meat, cheese and vegetables.  The operation is smooth and with the caliper dial, very repeatable.  It is stable and does not "walk" on the counter when slicing.  It appears to be well manufactured and durable.  Several reviewers pointed to the on/off and lock switches locations as being a problem.  I find just the opposite to be true.  Their location is both logical and easy to use.  Though I don't use it often, I found that the little extra that I paid for the tilt table was worth the cost.  Overall, it has met and/or exceeded every expectation that I had prior to purchase.Negative:  If there is a downside, it would be that the component parts are not dishwasher safe.  This is nothing more that a very minor annoyance, since the unit comes apart very easily and requires little or no effort to clean.  (Just use caution when cleaning the blade.)Overall: I may find problems in the future, but for the present it gets 5 stars plus.  In my opinion, a good buy
GREAT LITTLE KNIFE. I am a line-cook for a Restaurant. I use this knife alot. It gets places a "Henckels 8" chef knife" can not get in to. It has great balance and stays sharp for a long time. It is a great little knife
Relatively accurate. I bought one of these for my girlfriend... THEN read the reviews! In my opinion it appears to work fairly well. The sensitivity switch needs to be adjusted depending on personal usage. To the far left seems to work best for 'normal' walking. As I said, in terms of accuracy, I think it's pretty good. The radio portion of the unit is reason for the '4 out of 5' stars. The sound is "tinny"; it's NOT stereo; there's NO frequency disply; and the 'super-mini' plug forbids you from using a better set of headphones (earbuds) because the actual plug is too small to accomodate the standard plug size! Though overall, when comparing price to features... this little fella will probably suit your needs. If you already have a Walkman (or don't care about audio) the unit with the calorie counter would be a better bet
The Key to Great Coffee at Home. I could never figure out why the coffee I made at home didn't taste as good as the coffee I bought at Starbucks and other gourmet makers - even though I buy high quality beans and grind them myself.  The answer, apparently, is that drip home brewers just don't brew at the right temperature.  A chemex brewer is a "back to basics" system of making coffee where you pour boiling hot water directly over the grounds.  You control the temperature and the special filters remove any bitterness from coffee.  This is an inexpensive way to make great coffee at home.  The only inconvenience is that you have to boil the water yourself in a kettle and you have to pour water into the chemex 2-3 times to make a full pot, so you can't just walk away while it's brewing.  Also, the chemex doesn't keep the coffee warm, so I find myself putting second and third cups into the microwave.  Nevertheless, the taste of the coffee is so outstanding that I can't bear to go back to my Mr. Coffee machine
Great Bowls!. These bowls are very nice. I ordered them because the bowls I had didn't even hold an 18oz can of soup. These bowls hold a decent amount, and are heavy duty. The glaze does scratch easily, but not so much that it is noticable.
Very nice stoneware. We purchased this stoneware to replace some aging Corelle.  We are very impressed with the quality and yet simplicity of this dinnerware.  Recommended
Wamsutta Towels. I received my towels promtly as I expected, they are wonderful!  They're very soft & fluffy.  They work well after a shower.  Some towels don't dry you very well, but these are wonderful!  I will probably buy more.  I really like the color too
Classy and Quiet. Search Amazon carefully, you may find a better price, this fan seems to be listed 3 or 4 ways with vastly different prices.This is an elegant fan at a reasonable price. The construction is solid, the fan itself weights over 40 pounds and is mostly metal construction. On the lowest speed it is very quiet and moves quite a lot of air. It does get noisy on higher speeds, but I think that is unavoidable.Some assembly is required, but it is simple and requires only a phillips screw driver and an adjustable wrench.It looks much nicer than those cheap plastic fans and I suspect will last much longer. I liked it so well, I bought a second one.
Outstanding pan. This is an excellent pan, a little effort is required to keep the copper looking naturally beautiful but that is to be expected. It's heavy which is another indicator of the quality. Although vinegar and salt will clean the copper, they won't shine it so be prepared to use metal polish to have it looking it's best
Perfect For This New Englander...Soups On. I have had this set and individual pieces associated with this set for quite some time and I love it. I'm someone who brings my lunch with me to work daily and absolutely love the ease of these products. The sizes are just right for an entree and one or two sides. I use the mugs for chili and soups, the bowls for entrees, french onion soup, pumpkin pudding and a laundry list of things in between. Just last night I made chicken pot pies. Baked, frozen and later on today they'll be microwaved. Perfect for those who enjoy cooking, enjoying leftovers, bringing lunch to work and easy clean up. Staining and retaining odors does not happen with these, as it can with other storage products. They certainly win hands down over plasticware with regard to its versatility.
Reliable piece of kitchen-ware. I believe I use this particular pan at least 4 days a week if not more. It isn't too heavy nor too light (I sound like Goldilocks) it is just right for a majority of my cooking needs. Yes the exterior of the pan does tarnish easily but I found it was easy to clean and the interior can become scratched if you do not use the right tools with it. But the finer point is not so much the look but what it can produce. It conducts the heat beautifully so that the highest temp. ever needed is medium. I have made lemon curd, marinara sauces, soups and bechamels in this pan and each and everytime the results are deeply satisfying. The price is incredibly reasonable considering what you get from this pan.I absolutely adore this pan and would recommend it to everyone
A work of culinary art. This is the by far the best piece of cookware I have in my kitchen.  It is perfect for stew, chili, browning, slow cooking, casseroles and much more.  It is very easy to clean and is also beautiful to look at.  This french oven is constructed so well, I will have to put it in my will because it will surely out live me.  I will buy Le Creuset again and again
Very nice but ! - > Just Very Good !. Very nice knife. It is sharp, really sharp. Handle feels good.One problem with me. The width of the balde near handle is little too wide. It looks cute because of that. When I peel apple, the balde is too close to my thumb. I may not be bothered with it if it is ordinary dull knife. But with this kind sharpness I do not feel safe. I hope I could delvelope safer technique sooner.---------------------------------I used it for a while and I just found many good charactors. The material is very hard that I can keep the edge very sharp. I think after 3 sharpenings it got about 12 degree edge each side. It cuts beutifully
Victory is mine! (and Everlasting Treat Ball). I have 2 retrievers (7 months and 1 year) and they are basically 60 pounds of raging teeth.  They destroy virtually every dog toy (not to mention legos, briefcases, shoes, ethernet cables, small trees, socks, ... you get the picture)  that comes through the house in about 10 minutes.  They have never been interested in Kongs and rawhides just only hold their attention for so long.I found these at the store last week and bought a couple.  My dogs won't leave them alone.  They love the "snack balls" that come in them and they withstand hours and hours of chewing.  Even my 13-year-old sheltie who doesn't even like chew toys likes these things... My only complaint?  The petsmarts in my area can't keep them in stock so I have to order online.If your dog/puppy is a chewing machine... get these toys... lots of them... keep them in the crate, the living room, anywhere your dog hangs out.  The shoes you save may be your own!BTW, to get them interested, you want to find something soooooooo doggie delicious for the inside... give your dog a taste and smell of that before you stuff it in the middle.  Then stuff it in the middle and put the "caps" on. also, be sure to let the caps "dry" before giving them to your dog or the caps pop right off (you have to moisten them to make the pop in easier
What else do you expect from Global?. These Fish Bone Tweezers from Global were the first fishbone tweezers that I encountered while building my kitchen tool arsenel some time ago. The dimpled sides provide good grip, and the metal, although not the prized molybdenum/vanadium steel variety that they mold their larger knives with, is durably hardened and has held its edge well. These tweezers are about the only ones I've tried because so far they've been good enough for anything I've thrown at them. In fact, I've found them highly effective for troublesome bikini line stubble. Global cutlery all have a multipurpose quality to them and these tweezers are no different. Pluck on
A great wine rack product. I've use this product in 3 homes now and it always fits the space.  It also breaks down nicely and packs into a surpisely small space for transportation. Great product.
Very handy piece of cutlery. I never had this type of knife design before and it is very functional.
Great for the price. This comforter is great for the price. It's much nicer then you'd expect. I'm in California so our winters are not that cold, but i think it would be fine even in a cold climate! It's a great deal. Don't pass it up if you're thinking about buying one
Love Love Love this tea maker!!!!. I have this tea maker under the brand Westinghouse. I use it all the time and was looking for another to have in case it stops working. Couldn't find it until I came across the Salton brand which was excactly like the one I have. I use it everyday for tea, Herb tea,green tea, and ice coffee. I encourage anyone to purchase one and use it. No more sun tea. I use my Salton tea maker!!!!Happy customer!
Works for me. I have had the Misto for about a month. After reading the reviews, I was a little hesitant to get one. However, I have used mine for a month and have had no problems. I do release the pressure by loosening the top after each use and I have been careful not to overfill it. It works great to mist food so spices stick for grilling. Besides, it is cheap enough that if it only lasts 6 months or a year, I'll just buy another
Small Mixer. This is an excellent battery powered mixer for items like chocolate milk,protein drinks, cocoa, high fiber drinks,frothing milk for coffee,powdered drinks, and other small mixing jobs.
Yellow Step Chair. This is a nice chair with very good padding for what I am using it for. The steps seem to side in their on when I need them.Imight have put a liitle to much lubricant on the sliders.This is what I have been looking for to rest myself when I amplanting my flowers seeds in my plant romm
Great Knives - Horrible Block. I love these knives. The block leaves a lot to be desired. The slots are cut all the way through the bottom of the block. Not a problem, except with the first row of steak knives - they poke out of the bottom of the block scratching your counter top surface. This set is a great deal, but be prepared to find alternative storage methods if you like your counter top
WONDERFUL-EXCELENT-MARVELOUS!. I REALLY LIKE AND I FEEL LIKE IF I WAS IN NORWAY-ENJOYING THOSE WONDERFUL COOKIES AND SO EASY TO MAKE--THANK YOU--MARIA KLIN
One year later I still love it. My roommate and I use this toaster daily and I've never had problems with it. The material is light but very sturdy.  I actually dropped it down my stairs when I moved and it still looks and works great. I love all the features which are easy to use if you take about 30 seconds to read the instructions. Delonghi must have replaced the handles because the one on mine is metal. I plan on buying another just like this after mine dies but I suspect that won't happen for quite a while.
The Best of Henckels Knives. I bought this set after considering the 18 Piece Gourmet Henckels for $299 (best price I could find) knowing that this set includes the steak knives from the 18 piece gourmet line vs. the professional S.  I paid $420 for the set with an on-line coupon and felt for $120 more than the Gourmet set, I would get the best traditional handle set of knives Henckels offered.  Most know, these knives are German made and the Professional S series offers the best material and forging Henckels offers.  The set comes with a video that is helpful and the block allows room for a few additional knives if you choose.  These knives are GREAT!  Sharp, easy to hold, easy to cut with, and with this set, you have so many options.  I was sick of buying cheaper knives and working so hard to prepare food.  These knives make it fun to cut because they are so easy to work with
Wonderful Dinnerware. I registered for this dinnerware for my recent wedding.  I LOVE IT.  My mother-in-law and one of my sister-in-laws also has this set, but in red.  IT IS FANTASTIC.  Very sturdy (great for the husband who doesn't treat dishes nicely...) and goes great wtih the Pottery Barn ivory colored dishes we also got.  You can dress it up with accessories on the table for the holidays, or use it for the backyard BBQs in the summer.  I LOVE, LOVE this dinnerware, and am enjoying being able to add pieces as they come out.
Superb Air Cleaner. This is being used in a small room (120 sq feet), but it clearly could accommodate a much larger room.  It is quiet and efficient.  Amazon shipped this very, very quickly, and the price is extraordinary -- less than it  would cost to buy the HEPA filter alone elsewhere.
REALLY WORKS - DOGS LOVE IT. At first they were skiddish when I turned on the brush.  NOW, they push each other out of the way to get groomed with this brush, actually lifting up their legs to ensure they get belly rubs. I brought one for myself as it does a great job if you can't shampoo your hair. ***** 5 stars
Fantastic waffle maker!. The VillaWare heart shaped waffle maker is fantastic! My family really enjoys the heart shaped waffles. Kids of all ages will be impressed by looks of your waffles and clean up is simple. One of the best investments I've made! I highly recommend this waffle maker
Just got my Bubbler. I just read the last review that said the hose cracked and I'll be keeping an eye on this with my new Bubbler. It seems to me that if the hose cracks, it's easy enough to replace at the local hardware store, but the hose I received seems to be in very good condition so I'm not too worried yet.Here's my full review:I once had a Fresh Flow and it quickly got dirty mostly with cat hair. The other reviews are correct in saying it is very difficult to clean.I just received a fountain called The Bubbler which was recommended by another reader at Amazon. Fantastic product and I would highly recommend getting this instead of the Fresh Flow or the Drinkwell.It does NOT have water filtration, which is fine with me. I think the other two fountains have to have filters to help with all the cat hair that gets stuck in it.Instead, The Bubbler has a base, a one-gallon reservoir, an external pump, and a hose. Those are all the parts! The reservoir is cleverly designed so I DIDN'T SPILL A DROP while placing the reservoir on the base. It looks like both main parts are heavy plastic and dishwasher-safe. I'm sure the small hose can be run under hot water with soap and that does it for cleaning. Since the pump is external and doesn't actually come into contact with the water...it doesn't clog and NEVER NEEDS TO BE CLEANED.The pump simply pushes air to two hoses that emerge from the bottom of the base. This creates bubbling action in the bowl. It's very quiet from fifteen feet away while I type this, I can barely hear it. It sounds like a far-off hum from here, and something bubbling up close. The pump doesn't make any noise that I can hear AT ALL!.I needed a fountain because my kitties don't drink enough water. I don't care if it's filtered water or not, I don't mind cleaning the bowl. The Bubbler creates the movement that is already attracting them to drink more. So far I'm very pleased.Unlike the other reader who commented, I was not able to find The Bubbler at the grocery store for $15. I paid about $32 including shipping and I'm very happy with the results
Love this little pot!. I just bought this All-Clad LTD Butter Warmer from my local Viking Culinary Arts center. It was a bit pricey, but TOTALLY worth the money.  If you have a small amount of ANYTHING that needs warming or melting, and you're tired of the uneven heating you get by putting a small amount of product in a too large pot, you will not regret this purchase.  I've used it for melting jams and butter and it works equally well for both.  Enjoy
Wonderful!. I just got this as a gift.  It's adorable, works well, and is great for parties. Of course, you have to be safe and monitor it, but the cap allows for adjusting the flame. As for finding the fuel, Amazon sells RSVP Gel Fuel in the right size for the S'mores maker.  I love it and so do my friends.  I'm sorry some people didn't receive theirs from the sellers, though
Classic design - useful size. These little bowls nest perfectly. They hold 2/3 cup liquid in the bowl portion (up to the edge). I'm using them for fruit (of course) and for ice cream. Two average scoops look quite generous
good for ages 0-100. This is a great product whether you are on a diet, a new mom making baby food or pureeing food for an older person... it is powerful and easy to clean. I am so glad that I added it to my kitchen.
mmmmm....sleep!. I like this pillow a lot. My husband however does not. He used it one night and now it is in the closet. It is too firm for him, and it's not a real 'cuddly' pillow. It contours well, and give good neck support. If it gets cold, it is hard as a rock for a few until it warms up, then it is very soft. I recommend this pillow
Good enough for me. The only thing wrong with mine is that I can't get it to zero out.  So my measurements start at 1 lb. with the bowl empty.  I just subtract a pound from the total
head rest for a bath. easy to set up. don't like the way you have to attach the suction cups to hold the spa pillow..a little more thought needs to go into this product. It is a little small, but adequate.This spa pillow is soft and comfortable.well worth the price
Perfect. Best glassware I have ever owned. If you love a good martini this is the cherry on top
cute and easy to clean. I love this little thing, but I just wish I had gotten the bigger one.   I need it to be 3 times the size for my tea
I like it. For my purposes this works really well.  I guess I live in a warmer climate ( Davis, CA ) where our coats are only for 30 degree weather, but it's held up well.  We have 3 adult coats and 2 children coats.  The lower posts are nice for the kids.  I didn't expect too much for $30, but I was pleasantly surprised.  The assembly was quick, each post is a screw on piece.  The finish looks pretty good too
Sea Mist Fiestaware dishes are wonderful!. I love these dishes.  They are lead-free and you can do so much with them because they are a solid color.  I liked the sea mist color even more when I saw the actual dishes--it is very soothing to the eye, and I don't think that I will get tired of it as I might with one of the brighter or darker colors.
Great toy!!!. This toy was purchased as a Christmas present for my 3 month old lab mix puppy.  As some of you may know labs are some of the most distructive chewers ever.  This toy was instantly the most popular toy in the lot and I think still is.  It was also well made.  It is  now a month later and is still hanging in there, maybe minus the scarf, a pom pom or two, and of course the distruction off the squeeker was an entire day of crazy fun.  I would buy this toy again and would recomend it to a friend as well
Affordable luxury. These luxurious quality sheets are my best buy of the spring.  Where else can you get a quality queen sheet set for $30 that looks and feels this great.  It is so refreshing to get something of true quality.  The sheets were stiff when I took them of the package, but loosened right up in the wash.  This is the reason to buy bedding online!!!  Sincerely LISA M SCHUME
handy and versatile. I received this as a Christmas gift.  I've used it to carry wine to parties and even onto an airplane.  I had a tote large enough for this to fit into when it contained two bottles.  I found that it is just enough protection to keep the bottles fron clinking without adding extra weight when you're flying. It's the best way I've ever known for carrying wine bottles anywhere
Mop Pad adaptation. I have arthritis in my hands and the drawstring on the Mop Pads is too small for me to grab.  I use the pads made for buffing machines.  They have elastic and I can put them in the dryer
Fantastic as advertisde. We've had our cats for about 4 years now and bought them every single toy that eBay or PetSmart offers. Mice, cat nip, feather toys, cat castles (have 3 of them) and giant fishing poles.Their favorite toys are the interactive ones and they recently chewed through both their fishing-pole toys with features at the end so I started hunting around for a better one.As a side note, I noticed the longer the pole the more fun they had and easier it is to play with.After searching Amazon I ran across this toy and went to the main homepage for it. The company only sells about 10 toys that they claim they have personally tested and think they are the best. We figured what the hey and bought this toy.It's wonderful.First off the handle is a solid, thin piece of flexible metal about 3' long and no real handle to speak of. Then there is a really thing line connected to it, maybe 2' long and from there it connects to a special joint that hooks to the feather that is made specifically to allow the feather to rotate and spin around as you whip it around in the air (it's like a ball-and-socket joint).What happens is the toy ends up looking like a bird flying through the room.The first time we pulled this toy out of the tube it ships in and let our cats sniff it, they thought it was OK. As soon as we started to whip it around the room, their eye's dilated like dinner plates and they got really low to the ground. From that point on it was just a blur of activity and flipping cats. They loved it.I really cannot recommend you try any other feather toy before getting this because of it's price. If you walk into PetSmart and buy a feather toy (or wand) it's about $15. Just buy this, if your cats have a heartbeat I imagine they will love it
Fabulous Fountain. I bought this fountain to replace a waterer much like the giant bottles you fill and turn upside down.  I was concerned my cat would not like it, as he is very skittish around motorized devices (the LitterMaid was a bad purchase - scared him so bad he didnt want to use the litter box anymore).  My cat loves this fountain!  He now drinks much more than he did before and is not bothered at all by the pump, which is very quiet.Assembly:  Easy.  Just follow the instructions and make sure you thoroughly rinse the carbon filter before putting it in the fountain.  If not, you will get little black pieces of carbon on the ramp and in the filter chamber.  Also make sure you fill up the tub and reservoir appropriately so you don't burn out the pump.Cleaning:  I have had my fountain 2 weeks and had to clean minor pieces of fur from and bits of food out of the tub.  Cleaning is easy.  The most difficult part is just getting any stray particles of things that have wandered into tight corners.  Bunching up a paper towel works well :)Usage:  Great!  Once you fill the initial tub and reservoir, it takes about a minute or so for the water to start flowing down the ramp.  This is because the pump has to put enough water into the upper right hand chamber (where the filter is - not the blue chamber) to fill it and have it run down the ramp.  During this time you can hear the pump, but once it starts flowing, the pump becomes extremely quiet.Overall, I am very happy with this purchase!
Awesome bottle opener... This is a great bottle opener....strong, sturdy, and only $3.96 everyday at Walmart.  It'd do you good to pick it up there, rather than spend nearly $10 here.
Incredible Quality. A beautiful pan from Kitchenaid.  I use it for everything and the lid is a big bonus.  Think of it as a 10" skillet you use everyday, which can also go into the oven, and also be used for serving.  Quality and heft is better than all clad
excellent slicer!. If you want to spend this much money for a slicer, go ahead and buy this machine! I use it for almost two years now.It's not so hard to clean as described by a previous reviewer.I simply sponge each side of the blade with a bleach/water solution after each use and i had the blade removed only a couple of times.If you go out to eat you have a much better chance to catch foodpoisoning. Certainly not from this machine
air perfect for my needs. I was particularly looking for something that would "de"flate quickly.  It is as simple to put away as it is to inflate.I am very happy with it and my son has been using it often.
Black Halogen Torcheire Floor Lamp w/CD Rack & Dimmer Switch. Exactly what I was looking for.  Minor damage to the base of the lamp
Great Product. I used this for an entire year to heat a 20x10 master bathroom on a north-facing corner in a house in the snow belt in New York State. Tile floor, double-width full-size windows, no direct sunlight. Unit heated room to desired temp in SECONDS and kept it there ALL WINTER, EFFORTLESSLY and QUIETLY, even at 2 am, during a blizzard with 50 mph gusts. Even when heating it is cool to touch, minimizing fire hazard (if any!) compared with any other stand-alone room heater, and making it safer around children and pets.I came online to order another for another room and saw the bad review from California. The only explanation for the unit failing to heat a room from 60 degrees to 72 degrees is that the unit was faulty or damaged, was not plugged in, or the outlet was faulty or switched off. This is a terrific product, as room heaters go
crazy high price!. I bought this item in Jan. 07, when it was priced at $6.99. For what I paid it is o.k., though the plastic tray bed is a bit warped. But the price has suddenly doubled -- take it from me, THIS TRAY IS NOT WORTH $14.99! I don't know what is going on at this company -- they also just doubled the price of their pee pads out of the blue. They have lost my business
So far. So far this Wok has rocked. I was shocked at how nice it is for the price. It was given to me as a present and I totally love it
Nice Comforter. I paid $34.99 for this Microsuede Down Comforter Set.  I was thinking I was getting a sheet, comforter, and pillow cases because of the "set" but this set does not include the sheet.  I've been using this for about 2-3 weeks and it works well.  I tend to get a little hot with this comforter but my girl friend loves it!  It's really comfortable, soft, and has no weird odor coming from it.  Additionally, you can machine wash this comforter but it is recommended that you dry clean it.
Nice Mug - Not So Nice Price. This mug is nice and cute and durable - the color is even and matches well with the other cinnabar items I have.  I just found it extremely pricey for what you get.
Excellent heater for the money. This heater exceeds my expectations.  It puts out lots of heat and is very quiet.  I like the fan only feature as well as the thermostat and auto shutoff features.  Additionally, I like that the heater grill does not get hot as does most of the ceramic heaters which can get very hot and are not good with children in the house
Decent Pillow. I bought two of these pillows to replace standard fiber-fill pillows which were leaving me with neck cramps. I thought they would be a suitable alternative, especially after having tried a tempurpedic pillow and really enjoying the way it cradled my neck.I've used these for a year now and have gotten many a good night's sleep on them.  My only complaint is that they're not as soft or cushiony as tempurpedics.  But then, they're knock-offs, so you get what you pay for, right?  They lose a star for being really heavy and having a strange vinyl smell
pretty good. For the cheap price(on sale I think  it was $5)I paid on it, it is pretty good quality and is soft. If
Nice product & good value. I got this in an effort to minimize all the clutter in my cabinets, and I'm very happy with this little juicer. I still use the juicer attachment to my stand mixer for larger jobs, but for everyday use when cooking, this little juicer is great. I like that I can juice just one lemon or lime for a recipe and I can also measure the amount with the same piece of equipment. So often, a recipe will call for just a tablespoon or so of juice, and this way I don't have to dirty up a larger juicer and then a measuring spoon. I also like the non-slip padding on the underside.
Bark Stop Pro Works with Big Dogs. We have large dogs who are so sweet but end up barking at noisy neighbors with children playing in the field behind our home and a neighbor next to us who is always complaining about our dogs barking so we decided the best thing would be to buy a bark curbing device.  We ordered the Bark Stop Pro and almost immediately our dogs stopped barking.  We were so tired of trying to get them to stop the nuisance barking and we love our dogs so we're very thankful that this device works.  You have to use the high frequency for the big dogs.  We would recommend this product to anyone who has a large barking dog
Keeps the Teenagers Happy. I purchased this deep fryer after doing considerable research on-line.  I wanted one with a good capacity and that would be reliable.  It has surpassed my expectations.  We have been using it for over a month.  The initial use was to fry chicken tenders for a large party.  15 lbs. of chicken tenders were fried in no time with very little oil useage.  Since that time we have fried okra, french fries, tater tots, onion petals, cheese sticks and even did fried ice cream.  All have turned out very well.  It holds a little shy of 1 gallon of oil.  This heats up in about 10 minutes.  There is an indicator light to let one know when it is up to temperature.  Once frozen food is put in the oil quickly comes back up to temperature.  This produces crisp foods with no oily taste and very little oil useage.  It has a breakaway magnetic cord to keep it from accidently being pulled off of the counter. It cleans up as easily as can be expected.  I just put the basket and the oil resevoir in the dishwasher.  The food can be lowered into the oil with the lid in place.  This keeps oil spatters to a bare minimum.I have been very happy with my purchase.  So have the hoards of teenagers that gather at my house.  There has even been one instance when THEY brought the food and did their own frying.Although frying is not the most healthy way to prepare food at least with this deep fryer it is easy, quick, tasty, nearly mess-free and about as grease free as possible.  While this one costs a bit more than others on the market I certainly feel as though I am getting my money's worth
Works great, cools/humidifies/cleans the air in one end of the house. The only reason I didn't give it a "5" was that the canisters are a little hard to fill up since the tops aren't flat so that they stand up for filling.Other than that-- easy to carry the canisters for filling and the castors make it easy to move the unit around.The fan is quiet on the lower settings and that's all I've ever needed to use.It had a small chip in the plastic of one of the canisters but there was no leaking so I didn't return it
Soft and Very Comfortable. I've had endless trouble finding good quality but affordable deep-pocket sheets for my queen size mattress.  I just added a 3" memory foam pad, making the job even more difficult.I saw these sheets and was amazed at the price, so I thought I'd give them a try.  I was so pleasantly surprised at the quality!  Soft and solky, with a perfect fit. They have the look and feel of a much more expensive product.
Comes in handy to stock up!. I purchased enough to stock up for my espresso machine because I seem to have to descale it quite often.... It was inexpensive and works well
Wow. What a great vacuum cleaner. I've only used this once but I'm confident that it will last a long time with proper care. It was pretty easy to assemble with just a few steps. You will need a phillips screwdriver though. I was amazed at how much dirt and animal hair that was sucked up off of the carpeting and rugs. It is a good idea to clean the filter after every use. This is just an all around well built affordable vacuum cleaner. This vacuum cleaner sucks and I mean that in a good way
Will cut up a steel-belted radial. OK, maybe not. But it will make short work of a chicken or one of those imprenetrable plastic blister packs that everything is packaged in these days. These are the sharpest, hardest, most ergonomic kitchen shears I've ever had. Get these and toss the ones that came with the Ginsu knife set
kong stuffers. These nice and soft.   Great for stuffing kong toys. My dogs love them!
Beautiful glasses. Just received them for Christmas and am very impressed.  They look great and make the martinis taaster just a little bit better
Outstanding. The best knives I've ever owned, bar none. They come with a razor edge and are easy to re-hone with just a few strokes on the Kershaw-Shun steel (well worth purchasing to accompany this set). The damascus pattern and perfectly crafted profile slice through darn near anything (food-like anyway) with ease. I also got a 9" scalloped slicing knife and sharpening steel to round out the set. The weight and balance are perfect. They are designed for right-handed chefs with a d-shaped handle so if you are a leftie they may not be as comfortable or easy to use
Matches the dishes and Teapot. Matches the dishes and teapot exactly - which is nice for an item that is continuously displayed
Fits perfectly, not "crunchy". I bought this mattress liner for my child's bedroom and it is just what we needed. It is nice and smooth, not noisy at all and fits the mattress perfectly. Fortunately, we have not tested its "waterproof-ness", but I anticipate it would work well should that situation arise
pleased with corner desk. The desk is all I wanted it to be.  There were 2 broken parts when I unpacked it but I called custoner wervice at Bush and had replacement pieces 3 business days later.  the instructions were clear and I took only 2.5 hours to put together.  Thank you for an excellant product
as advertised. I shopped around for pricing and found that for this product it was the best price.  It shipped within a couple days.  I'm very pleased with it's performance and the service
Great Pressure Cooker! Excellent Value and Quality!. This pressure cooker is the bees knees! I have used the Fagor Splendid duo for a while (which is two slightly smaller sized pots in one set that also share one pressure lid). I recently decided to upgrade and Amazon had this newer Fagor Duo Combi 8qt/4qt at a terrific price with two rebates (one for a cookbook, the other for an additional Fagor "Everyday Pan") so I splurged...and also got free shipping. I'm still waiting for the rebate items to arrive, but with Amazon I've never had a problem and don't expect one.After this arrived, I promptly showed it off. My folks live in the next town and they were so impressed with it that mom had to have one too. So dad got her this same set for Christmas to replace the ancient Presto aluminum pressure cooker she has used for decades (and it was on its last legs, having cooked hundreds upon hundreds of great meals)!Old aluminum pressure cookers are notorious for problems. I've known people who had scars from pressure cooker accidents. Admittedly, I was a bit leery at first. But these newer next-generation pressure cookers are VERY well constructed of stainless steel using newer designs for locking and additionally incorporating several new and different safety features in the design.  As with my Fagor Splendid, as soon as I saw how well this new 8qt/4qt Elite Duo Combi is made, I felt very comfortable using it!I must confess, I was a little skeptical at first because Fagor recently switched to from manufacturing in Spain to "designing in Spain, manufacturing in China", but any concerns I had about quality were quickly assuaged when I got the set and took it for its first "test drive" on the stove, then cooked a few meals. I'm happy to report, no problems with quality that I can tell.About the cooker: The lid goes on pretty easily. I'd give it an 8.5 or 9 out of a possible 10 in this area...because there is a slight learning curve to getting the lid on/off, but nothing to really worry about.  It's well engineered and the lid fits both pots very well. Both pots heat evenly and come up to temperature & pressure very quickly.  The dual-pressure valve is a snap to use!  Just turn the dial to full pressure (15 psi) or half pressure (8 psi). When it's time to release pressure, there is a third setting which opens the valve to let the steam escape rapidly...this is a great feature!I'd like to add something which I found important. The diameter. This set is a full 10" in diameter which makes browning in either pot a breeze. (the Splendid set pots are only 9" in diameter). So finding one that was 10" was near the top of my list...and this one didn't disappoint!Before upgrading pressure cookers, I researched several makes/models and it looks like all of them with the exception of Kuhn-Rikon are now made in China. I like the KR but it's expensive and the largest pot is 7 litres, whereas this model Fagor with the 8 quart is a little roomier. Using the included glass lid, the large pot doubles as a stock pot, pasta cooker, or steamer using the included basket. You can also pressure cook a whole chicken (or a large roast) and still have room for vegetables. The smaller sized pot doubles as a skillet (also using the included glass lid) or it works great as the smaller pressure cooker for smaller items or things that you would cook flat such as chicken breasts, etc.One final thing, the handle design on the newer Fagor pots is great, with the helper handle in front as well as the loop design in the main handle that allows you to get your hand around the handle and grip it well for when you need to move it while it's full (or hot). Overall, this is a great product and I highly recommend it!
Product was nice,. Liked the bowls, however, I did change my mind on what style I wanted and sent them back around 12-12 via ups and to date have not received my refund.
multi tasking. I received my scooba and really love the fact that I can be cleaning my floors really well and doing other things at the same time.  Dont think I've ever liked a gadget this much
Ed From Queens. This grill is the best grill I ever had bar none. Forget gas Forget charcol!!  The taste of the food will blow your mind. I cooked steaks chops burgers fish you nane it. Clean up is a snap. I cover the grating with foil and the bottom. When your done cooking throw the foil out and wipe down the grill. One day I would like to enter a barbeque contest and put this little baby up aganist those big 7 burner grills. I would win for the price this is the grill of the centr
Great Quality, Great Size!. My wife and I have long been fans of Fiestaware and we have been using many of their pieces for years. Somehow it wasn't until about 2 years ago that we discovered this size. At 9" the lunch plate is perfect for many occasions - especially lunch! (smile)The quality of these plates is very good and this size is very uselul. For some reason these are seldom seen as part of a standard set. We use ours all the time...Highly Recommended!
Great Collar. This collar works out great. It performs just as the Amazon description shows. It is unintrusive and snaps off when certain force is exerted. It's fun, too, because of the colors, and affordable
Simple, fast and safe. I didn't drink much hot water until my parents came to visit me from China.  They are used to drinking hot water, so I bought this.  They liked it very much.  It is very fast.  They told me they didn't need anything to keep it warm because when they needed hot water they could just turn kettle on.  It is very easy to use, even they don't know any English.  It is pretty safe, too.  The only thing I had to read them from the instruction was - in case they burn it empty, give it 10 minutes to cool down before using it again.
The easiest bottle opener ever!. I love this bottle opener - it requires no force at all. You just keep turning the handle and the screw goes straight into the middle of the cork, then the cork slowly comes out of the bottle & into the handle of this gadget. Then you turn the handle the opposite way & it releases the cork. Have had so many complements on this. I can't imagine that the $70 corkscrews work any easier than this one
hot air popper. My old hot air popper hit the dust after about 20 years of a lot of use.  Hope this gives me the same kind of service.  My only complaint is the upper portion of the popper gets hotter than I would like.  Otherwise its a winner
Great product!1. I really like this popper.  It makes great popcorn with little unpopped kernels.  You have to experiment a bit to get the correct time to cook.  Also the brand of popcorn makes a difference. We love the Orville Redenbacher. After popping I spray the popcorn with Crisco butter flavored spray, top with a little popcorn salt (must use) and the kids love it!!
When you need to weigh very small amounts (&lt;1 lb.). A nice little product, well designed.  You can put a container on first, reset to zero, then add content to the container and get weight only for the contents and not the container.  Cool.  It's attractive, too, and I think it's fairly priced.*The only reason I didn't give it five stars is that the little moon-shaped pads, in the lid that doubles as a tray for weighing, came off immediately because they were not securely glued on.  I can re-glue them so it's not a big problem and certainly doesn't interfere with the functioning of the scale, but it demotes the product by one star.  8=
Lemon squeezer metal. Its a really effective juicer; it leaves the fruit almost completely dry
Save money - fewer vet visits for ear infections. My beagles have chronic ear infections and I was spending hundreds of dollars per year to keep them in check - doctor visits in order to get the prescribed (and expensive) mal-otic.  Zymox Otic has solved the problem, keeping their ears nice and clear and clearing up the infections they had when I started it.  Be sure to use it daily at first if they have an infection.
Saves on barking and scratched doors and walls--excellent. We love our pet chime. It took a little time to train our dog on it but now it's the only thing he uses to tell us he wants to go out. It's also a great conversation piece when company is over. We've had ours for over 1 year and changed the batteries in the receiver once and haven't had any problems. We're getting an extra paw
Nice product - BUT picture of red is misleading. As previously mentioned, while they call this red, it is really a burnt-orange.  If you are trying to match some other red beware!The potholders themselves are very functional and if color isn't an issue, then buy these!
Great product. We reciever this microwave quickly.  My microwave died after 35 yrs. and I was so happy it arrived fast.  It is easy to operate and the instructions are very easy to follow.  I really like all the features and the pre-set settings are very accurate.  The 4 defrost settings are a real treat to me.  The demenions are accurate but I didn't realize the wall plug was large so this microwave sticks out 2 inches more in front beyond my shelf edge.  My old microwave's plug laid flat against the wall.  I am getting use to this and it in no way affects the performance of the product.  If I had known it would take up another 2 inches in deepth beyond the listed deminsions I would have purchased a smaller unit so it would fit my space better
best value. I bought two sand color bath towels months ago. Very thick and soft.  I wash them lots of time and they still look quite new. Now the price goes down again and I ordered two blue mist big bath towels.I visited many stores and found out this is the best towel you can get with 5$
Does it work on cars? So far, so good. I was sick of finding scratches on my black paint job whenever the cat would sleep on the hood of my car. I tried a spray deterrent around the perimeter of my car, which didn't work.I was skeptical, but I bought the CatStop anyway, and whaddya know, whenever I place the cat stop on the hood of my car, there are NO paw prints on my car. I did forget to put the catstop on my hood once, and I did find paw prints. After a good month of usage now, it seems that whether I put the catstop on my hood or not, the cat simply does not climb up on the car anymore. I guess the cat is now properly trained.I hesitated to give it a 5-star rating because it's too early to tell if this will have been a successful deterrent in the long run. But so far, so good
Greatest tea Kettle ever!. This kettle is so nice, I love it, it heats up fast and it looks great on my kithen counter. You can heat up water fast, its great for entertaining, you are able to offer a hot beverage in just a few minutes. Keep in mind that it is glass and you have to be careful and follow their care instructions. I suggest you buy it, I just love it, although it is a little pricey
Top Quality but noisy. This unit does a great job on coffee and appears to be rugged. I do agree with the other reveiws that it is noisy but I have no regrets about my purchase.
Overall the highest value and best juicer for a variety of juices. After many years of using centrifugal juicers, I purchased an Omega 8003 (exactly the same as the 8005 but in it's color-white). I am concerned not so much whether the centrifugal juicers heat up the juice with their high spin rates, but with the oxidation of the juice. The 8003 only turms at 90-110 rpm and the material gets masticated slowly in a tapering auger inside a fairly tight-fitting outside cone; it appears to me intuitively to cause much less oxidaton and  give a higher quality juice. I have so far juiced kale, spinach, carrots, apples, lemon and oranges, ground up peanuts, and have, for the most part, been pleased with the results. Wheatgrass will be ready in about 8 days, and other reviewers have uniformly praised this unit for juicing wheatgrass. You do have to cut hard fruits and vegetables but this is not too time consuming with a good chef's knife. The machines that take larger pieces of fruit are also themselves larger, for the most part. The Omega 8003 takes up very little counterspace. I prefer to cut carrots lengthwise and then crosswise, remove apple seeds. Apples and carrots give a good juice yield and the greens have done well too. The surpise (pleasant) was oranges. I juiced two med-large navel oranges, removing the rind only, and was delighted to have almost 11 oz of juice, fresh, raw tasting and substantial without being overly pulpy.Cleaning is very easy especially with the supplied brush. You turn the locking wheel on the motor housing (which remains untouched with juice), transport the 5-piece assembly to your kitchen sink, a few simple movements to take apart the 5 pieces and rinse, apply sudsy sponge, and use the supplied brush for the small screens which cleans easily. The whole process takes 2-3 minutes.While some of the machines like the Breville may make a large quantity of juice faster, the time to chop the fruits, offset by the shorter cleaning time, makes this the better machine, especially since you can juice just about everything with it. If you are going to juice something pulpy, like blueberries or ripe peaches (I eat these whole), then finishing the juicing with an appple or carrot will move the pulpy remnant in the drum right through and extract that last bit of juice. With a few little tricks like that, juicing proves very satisfactory. This well built quiet machine which takes up little counter space, is easy to clean (a very big deal), juices just about everything, reasonable in cost (under $200 including shipping, if you know how to search the web), while perhaps a little slower than some machines costing much more, is best for the typical family. It comes with a 10 year warranty (the longest) and the manual states it is suitable for home and commercial use too
A fantastic machine. This is by far the best espresso machine I have owned.  It is very easy to use, and creates espresso that tastes as good or as better than the neighborhood coffee shop.One thing that really surprised me was how little time it takes to warm up.  After only a few minutes, you are ready to start brewing.  It's very easy to use, especially if you use ESE pods.  I've been very pleased with the flavor of the pods, and I don't think I'll switch to grinding my own coffee anytime soon.  It is very easy to froth milk as well.  You're looking at less than 10 minutes from when you turn it on to having a latte to drink.There are a few minor downsides.  The first is that the water container is a slight bit awkward to remove and install from the back of the machine.  Also, there is some dripping from both the steam nozzle and the filter head.  Other than those items, I can not find anything to fault.Highly recommended for replacing your expensive coffee habit by brewing your own at home
Possibly the coolest thing I have in my kitchen. I found this when originally shopping for a stock pot of similar size.  I'd also been looking for a deep fryer, so with its price below even a good stock pot, this appliance quickly caught my eye.  (I guess whatever legal issues have been cleared up in the past couple of years, because mine that I bought a few months ago had explicit frying instructions, and even the manual I downloaded on here--which uses the Kitchen Kettle name--included these sections.)I've been very impressed with the cooker's performance, and it's become my favorite appliance in the kitchen.  It works great as a small deep fryer and steamer, and it clears up burners on my rangetop while I'm simmering things for a long time.  The components seem very high in quality.  Heating is even and consistent, and the pot is heavier and more solid than a simple stovetop pot at a similar price.  It's a great value, and I would have been satisfied with it at twice the price
The best of the best. I use this press everyday, and have had no problems at all.  The only way that someone could damage their press is to:use metal objects (like spoons) to steer the mixUse water that is too hot (I have a $10 coffee maker that's used for tea, but I also use the hot water from it).Some people put theirs in the microwave. Not a good idea...true you can do it, but it does cause long term damage.I've been using the same press for over 2 years, it's only now that I need to buy a new one because I want one for work
Braun 10 cup coffeemaker. This coffeemaker is a simple device with no bells and whistles.  It makes very hot coffee too
Slow Cooker. Even at the "low" setting it cooks too fast and too hard.Recipes that call for 8 hours on "low" are done in 7 hours or less.Aside from that, it's a very nice piece of equipment
CERAMIC TRAVEL MUG. THE PERFECT TRAVEL MUG.  I HATE THE PLASTIC MUGS OR THE PLASTIC LINED MUGS.  THIS ONE KEEPS MY TEA HOT AND DOESN'T SLIDE AROUND.  IT'S WIDE ENOUGH TO SIT ON THE SEAT WITHOUT TIPPING OVER
Wow!. The photo does not do this piece justice! My jaw dropped when I first pulled it out of the box. The color is beautiful, as is the styling, it feels good in hand, and is as sturdy as Fiestaware's reputation. I haven't however, used it yet, but from years of experience with this company's pieces I'm betting on it's efficiency
Plushest towels ever!. I was pleasantly surprised by the quality of these towels. They're long enough to wrap me twice and so thick and absorbent. I recommend these towels to any one who wants to experience the best quality ever
Great quality Excellent Price. Henckels are wonderful knives! You simply can't go wrong with them. The weight of each knife is comfortable for your hand yet feels sturdy. The great thing about Henckels is that you can keep adding to your collection. They have so many knives to choose from. This is a great starter set.. EXCELLENT price too. Very satisfied... you will be too.Happy Shopping!Jeanette, Northern Californi
Multi purpose knife!. This knife is greate for deboning chicken, but its also perfect for cutting up hot dogs, chicken nuggets and other small items. I like the blade, the way it is cut and it is light weight and easy to use. Extremely sharp! Probably one of my favorite kitchen items
Best Pizza Cutter I've Ever Used!  I Love It!. I never thought I'd write a review about a pizza cutter, but this one is wonderful. First of all, it looks great. I got the white one and it's a brite white! Second, the feel of it in my hand is comfortable. It has a nice weighty feel to it. You can tell it's not cheaply made. Third, it zooms through all kinds of pizza - homemade, store bought, or frozen. I also use it to cut through thick sandwiches. I'm very glad I bought this!
Excellent Product. What an excellent coffee machine.  And what a value.  You can run both sides at the same time to accomodate everyone.  Buy it...you'll like it
so far so good. I've made the mousse, chopped an onion, and made a smoothie so far. All turned out fine. The onion didn't chopped entirely b/c some pieces were rubbery, but it certainly didn't turn to mush when done properly according to the techniques in the manual.  You can also go the the product website's FAQ's and see short demonstrations of certain techniques you may be having trouble with.  That helped me out.  I hope it lasts and I also hope they start selling the larger recipe book separately b/c it looks like you can only buy that in conjunction with a bullet purchase for now.  It did smell like rubber the first time, but it's brand new. Lots of blenders do that, even my $90 cuisinart.  Like other's said, never run it for more than 1mn.  It only took about 15 seconds for my smoothie to mix with crushed ice and frozen strawberries, and it was FULLY mixed, just used enough liquids and you'll be good to go.
Great Sheets for sure!. These sheet are nice and soft have them around 3 months now and can't wait until it's their turn to be put on my bed
A Wonderful Kitchen Tool. Just like a screwdriver is a poor tool for pounding a nail, this is a poor tool for shredding soft cheese and soft fruits such as peppers. But is is a wonderful tool for shredding and slicing harder things, such as potatoes and carrots.Since getting this shredder I have had wonderful hash brown potatoes in the mornings. Take a raw gold potato, scrub it clean, cut it into several pieces and shred them into one of the removable containers. Microwave the shredded potatoes in the container for 3 minutes, dump the potatoes into a small fry pan with olive oil and cook on both sides. Add some salt and pepper. They are wonderful. While the microwave is pre-cooking the potatoes I take off the disk and push out the top of the shredder and rinse them under cold water. They clean up wonderfully. So much easier than my top rated food processor. Although I mostly like to use a sharp knife to cut things, and I dislike having kitchen gadgets that take up counter space, I cannot imagine living without this great tool. Just like all tools, it does not do everything. Yes, the opening is smaller than I would sometimes like, and larger than I would like at other times. It would be nice if the next model had two openings, one larger so I could put in the whole potato, and one smaller so I could put in one carrot at a time.Just like all tools, it is not perfect. You have to know how to use it and when to use it. When you learn this it is a wonderful machine, and it cleans up so easily. Only my knives clean up easier.
I can't complain!. I was pleased with these canisters. The lids do not screw on but seem to be airtight with the rubber seal. The only complaint I have is that they appeared to be shiny in the photo, but are actually brushed stainless
Great compliment... Loved these rings (classy; stylish) especially with my new Crescent Shower rod (a lovely curved rod that actually gives you more room in the tub!)...  Nice nickel finish that compliments the satin nickel accessories in the new bathrooms.  They really dress up the look - being a designer, these "minor" details truly add up!  I recommend this product with enthusiasm
Wow!. The photo does not do this piece justice! My jaw dropped when I first pulled it out of the box. The color is beautiful, as is the styling, it feels good in hand, and is as sturdy as Fiestaware's reputation. I haven't however, used it yet, but from years of experience with this company's pieces I'm betting on it's efficiency
Works just fine. I bought this teaball in spite of the bad review it received from one customer.  I'm not sorry I did.  It is a nice large teaball and is great for pitchers of iced tea.  I had no trouble with the mechanism and, in fact, was plesantly surprised at how well it worked.  I concede, however, that if you have compromised dexterity due to arthritis this may not be a perfect choice
Great price, great knife!. I purchased the 5" Furi East/West knife and am now ordering the 7". I did not make the decision based on Rachel Ray but on the Furi reputation of good economical products. I had been looking for a santoku type knife for awhile and had tried many of them for hand feel, grip comfort and ease of use. This one definitely fits the bill. Initially I was a bit hesitant to buy anything but Wusthof, which is all I have ever purchased, but I must say that this knife does it all. Don't get me wrong - I love my Wusthof knives, but if you are looking for a knife that doesn't cost a paycheck ... this one is a great find for much less money. I tend to use the 5" knife for almost everything. However, when I am chopping, I usually do a lot of vegies at one time and the 5" is not quite long enough to cut through all at one time. So that is why I'm adding the 7" to the set.I also noticed that another reviewer didn't like the "cheap plastic handle" but I don't find the handle to be cheap at all. In fact, that is what I liked about this knife. It is ergonomically correct for my hand, with a slight curve on the handle end so it doesn't slip. The "plastic" is really a poly-rubber base that also keeps the knife from slipping around in the hand, especially when wet. Very safe and convenient. Lastly, another feature that I was looking for in a santoku knife was the ease to "rock" the knife back and forth while keeping most of the blade on the cutting surface while cutting. This knife is great for that, as it is one of the few santoku knives that has an up-curve at the tip of the blade. And .. after 6 months of use the blade is still as sharp as ever.Overall this Furi santoku knife has been a wonderful find at a great price - highly recommended.
Mug Warmer. Having suffered for years with at best lukewarm coffee this mug warmer was a total delight.  It keeps my coffee hot for hours.  Not too hot, just good drinking temp.  Turned around and ordered 2 more!
Comfortable. Hello,I bought this topper and I find it to be very soft and comfortable. I don't have any problems with it
great for home grown produce. This is the only canning system I would ever use.  Its easy and less dangerous then the pressure canners.  I've canned everthing from homemade spaghetti sauce to jams and vegetables.  They keep very well and taste great even months later.  Just follow the simple instructions in the manuel and your favourite recipes and you have a great thing going.  Your produce in the jars looks great makes for wonderful gifts at Christmas time too
Jura Impressa Z5. I have just replaced my Gaggia Titanium which after 3 months decided to break down. I decided rather than replace with the same machine to go with the much-praised Jura machines. The Z5 particularly appealed with it's unique One-Touch Cappucino function, which avoids the clumsy looking "automatic frothing attachments" found on so many machines.The machine was easy to set up, and has almost the same footprint as the Titanium, so doesn't take up too much space. It comes with a classy looking thermal milk container (1 litre) which keeps milk at the ready and chilled for up to 8 hours. The front of the machine is brushed aluminium (not plastic as in many of the Jura machines) which is far easier to keep clean than the Titanium's brushed stainless steel (fingerprints!).The display prompts are clear (product names such as "1 espresso" can be changed should you so desire - I personally can't see the point of this, since the name isn't displayed until you press the key to dispense the drink.The temperature (also adjustable) of the coffee, hot water and also the milk is fantastic - I have mine set on the "normal" setting and it is very hot - much more so than the Titanium and many other machines which even set to "Highest" still could be hotter.The crema was good, and the taste great. The brew group is non-removable and self-cleaning (you are prompted when to run a rinse cycle or pop a cleaning tablet in).You can program the quantity, temperature and strength of all drinks, and choose to override these on-the-fly should you wish, which is very handy.The water container is larger than the Titanium and most other domestic machines and you can use Claris water filter cartridges, or alternatively opt to use descaling tablets every so often (again, you are prompted when to do this).The dump box, and drip tray are suitably large so as to not have to be emptied too frequently (every 20 cups).I only have 2 grumbles with this machine. One is that central coffee spout (which illuminates the cups during dispensing of coffee) does not adjust high enough for large mugs. The silly thing is that you can also dispense coffee from the cappuccino spout which offers 2 interchangeable spouts - one for small cups and one for tall mugs. Why they couldn't make the central coffee spout raise to the same height is a shame, but not the end of the world. My second gripe is that the consumables - ie. filters / descaling tablets / cappuccino cleaner / machine cleaning tablets are way over-priced. And since you have to use Jura-brand ones to keep within warranty conditions, you don't have much option but to pay these high prices.Overall though, if you have the money, then go for it - this machine is fantastic, looks great, and is the quietest fully automatic by far - this doesn't wake up the whole house when you make a coffee
Gorgeous knife, well balanced. This is an incredibly beautiful knife, with an excellent weight.  Well-balanced.  The damascus steel is just so nice.  My husband had been drooling over this knife and we received it as a wedding present from a very generous relative.  This is our third expensive kitchen knife and I would say that in terms of general use--meat to vegetables--this is my second favorite, with my large, 8" Henckel being my best knife.  The Shun is much nicer than the Wusthof Prix II, which sports the comparable Santoku shape.  My complaint has much to do with the design and that is that the blade is set at an angle, making this a much better knife for filleting motions, of which I do few.  It's marketed toward general chopping and slicing, but I find that slant makes my cuts less precise.  It's still my husband's favorite, but since I'm the one who does the majority of the cooking, I'd still rate it four out of five in comparison to similarly excellent brands.  But it's a real marvel to behold and I love the high quality of the wooden base and that lovely steel
So far, so good. I have had many issues over the years with my pets and water.  A cat we used to have had Chronic Renal Failure, so getting him to drink water was very important.  For a while, he was fixated on running water and would not drink out of regular bowls (got better when he was diagnosed and we hydrated him regularly).  I just found keeping up a fountain to be a pain, so now with the three cats we have, I really was avoiding using a fountain unless I absolutely had to.   Two of my three cats are ok with any water dish.  One of those two has a tendency to put his paw in the water to check it out so that anything on his paw gets in the water, then the water is tracked all over the floor.  The third cat is the biggest problem.  He seems to be totally unable to figure out where the water level is.  I've tried various containers which he manages to pull around on the floor.  The water spills all over (the floor is wood) and he will drink off of the floor.I put the top of gallon water jugs to float in the water and that seemed to help them for a while, but then he decided that was a great toy to pull out of the water and knock around the house. I used non-skid rug pads under the dish which only helped when I used a dish with a large water reservoir and only when full.  I put the waterer in a tray (thank goodness because earlier this week he turned it over with ONE FULL GALLON of water).  He also seems obsessed with faucets, but I will not leave them running. Soo, I caved and got the jumbo Petmate.  I wanted the largest I could find. but decided against the HUGE doggie Drinkwell. The Petmate is super-quiet.  Just a light hum from the pump and sometimes a glug-glug of the water emptying from the reservoir.  I was afraid the water running down the ramp was too quiet to get him to drink from there, but I took a treat and held it up there until he realized there was water there to lick.  Today,  I saw both of my boys drinking from where the water comes in.  I was so happy!  Also, I'm hoping there will be less fur, etc. in the water since they won't have to search for the water level with their feet.  Time will tell if it starts to leak or if there are any problems.  I will re-post if I have bad experiences.  I'm giving it only four stars for now because companies need to start making water dishes out of ceramic or glass because cats can get feline acne from plastic.  In the meantime, I will just clean and decontaminate it really well.  Also, I will have to test the amount of water I can get into it..I have filled it only once and did not measure.  I'm curious to see how much it really holds.Update:  I've had it a week and a half and just had to change out the water.   I totally agree with the review stating the capacity is not as stated.  I was able, by filling to the rim (more than recommended), to get 192 ounces, a good bit less than the stated 216.  It's still a lot of water and lasts a long time even with three cats, but I hate it when someone overstates something as a selling point.  It is IMPOSSIBLE to get 216 ounces in this thing.  My cats did take to it quickly and it's still extremely quiet.
Very nice folding bookcase. This is the first folding bookcase that I've purchased and am quite happy with it (my other bookcases are of the assemble yourself type). Setting it up is a snap (it just unfolds rather like a step ladder) and it seems quite sturdy. And when I move, I can just fold it up again.
Desktop Bliss. Perfect for the office. Makes cubelife a little more pleasurable, one cup at a time.
Cleans the air. This filter works really well in that it really does clean the air.  After a month or 2 months of using this filter, it is turning gray.  You can see that it is capturing the dust in the air.  The only drawback is that you have to keep buying and replacing the filter as they get dirtier through the months.  This can start adding up.  However, after seeing how much dust it collects, it is worth the investment.I do notice a slight smell as another reviewer mentioned, but I do not find the smell to be horrible or sickening.  It just has a unique smell that eventually goes away.The filter is easy to install and easy to dispose of.
Couldn't better. Light, soft, warm, good quality overall. And I got it with extremely affordable price. Everyone loves it in the family
Love these!. These little cutters are great for making bento, but they also get my picky toddler to eat more veggies.  You gotta love that!  I have also used them to cut out maple-leaf shapes from scraps of pie crust dough to decorate pumpkin pie for Thanksgiving, too
Great addition. A really great addition to our Fiesta collection. This bowl is the perfect size for soup, ice cream, etc. Also great as a small mixing bowl when cooking.
Ornament storage box. I got this item for our church to store glass ornaments in and it is really great.  The trays come apart so you can just carry it to the tree and take the ornaments out and hang them right then.  It is very efficient and protects well.  I would highly recommend this item
Wonderful  Pan. If I could give it 6 stars I would!  I love my Swiss Diamond pans.  This is my third.  They really are non-stick without being made with Teflon, they cook great, and wash up in a snap. I am gradually replacing all my pots with Swiss Diamond.  Yes, they are expensive, but well worth the money
My kitty smelled it through the box. Yin went crazy when the toy arrived. She kept rubbing the box and crying for me to open it! I finally got it out and she played with it for quite some time. I think that the catnip scent has finally worn off but she still enjoys chasing it when I throw it. I've always been pleased with Fat Cat products. I've recommended them and bought them for friends
Great iron, works with odd recipes. My old iron burned out, so it was time to buy a new one. I have odd recipes (flax seed instead of eggs, non-wheat flours, etc.), and have had problems with them sticking on some irons. No problem with this one.I find this a great iron. I'll try to respond to some  of the other criticisms:Yes, it gets hot. Most waffle irons do. You need to be careful. A hot pad/glove is helpful at times. If you have kids, it's another opportunity to teach them about what to touch and what not.Yes, it can leak. You need to get used to how much of your recipe to use. Mine are kind of heavy, and I use two cups of batter.The latch is its downfall. Not secure enough to hold it when stored on its side (well sometimes it works), and yet it does pop open at times if you put 'too much' batter in it.I would agree with the reviewer who said to let them cook longer than the beep; and that the beep is still a good thing to keep you on your toes.I love it. I cook for three, and we each get two waffles per cooking.
Awesome! Perfect!. As a tea lover for 30 years, I have to say this electric kettle is the best one in terms of cost-benefit and performance. I've used this kettle for more than 1 year and it's still working perfectly. It boils water very quickly and keeps warm for a while. A+
Gift to My Daughter - LeCreuset Buffet Casserole. The Casserole was exactly what my daughter wanted.  It was priced right and came within a few days of odering.  I am very pleased with this purchase
good stuff. + non-stick: easy removal+ heavy: promotes even cooking+ swiss diamond: use metal instruments and not scratch itAMAZING ... completely amazing.  I bought this for my mom, and we LOVE it.  If you get it, you won't regret it
Great Slicer/Chopper. I recently began working in a Sushi Bar, where I was required to invest in my own knives.  I purchased this Bunmei Usuba Knife and have found it exceeded my expectations.  The blade is constantly exposed to moisture from fish, vegetables, fruit, and cleaning, and is rust free.  It's easy to care for, and holds a great edge.I use this usuba bocho for chopping all manner of things, from fish, veggies, etc, and I also use to to slice and dice.  It cuts effortlessly through most things and the grip is comfortable.   As a bonus it arrived with a mean factory edge!  I didn't even have to pre-sharpen it.  Highly recommended for the price (I paid $77.99)
Gingerbread House. This is a very nice, high quality item.  The colors are beautiful and it is very well made
Good wick unless you're bad. This wick is right on, as wicks go, UNLESS you do what I've done - leave the Vornado on, just chugging away when the unit is empty. After awhile no humidity can escape the dried out wick and it takes 3 or 4 days to empty the unit when one day is the norm! So, bottom line-good wick and treat it well
Exactly What I Wanted. After my father received this as a gift and raved about it, I bought one for myself. I use this so often now-both on my lap and on my desk-that I wonder how I ever lived without. Sturdy and comfortable, this is a great desk for a reasonable price
insulated glass, look great. I bought these not knowing they were hand blown glass.The double-wall insulating is great; the cup doesn't get hot.  They look fragile and I'm sure I will break them but they are inexpensive
This is an Awesome Pan!. This is one of my very favorite pans!  I don't usually write reviews of the products that I use.  However, I think that Le Creuset products in general are great and that this pan in particular is useful.  It is one of the only pans that I have ever found that will let me roast meat in the oven and then move directly onto the stovetop to make sauces and gravy from the drippings.  It cooks very evenly and cleans up very well.  I would highly recommend this product
Mission computer desk. this little desk arrived in great condition....I'm using it as a tv & printer holder...it works fine in the area I needed.....Jud
Help For Smaller Hands. I have very small hands for an adult woman.  Consequently, I find every oven mitt too big for my hands, so it's really not safe to use an oven mitt to remove hot things from the oven or stove.  I bought this oven mitt as I love Oxo products, and it's supposed to be a petite oven mitt.  First of all, I really don't care for this color green. I do like that it's silicone, but it is still over an inch too big for my hands, where there is empty space between my hand and the glove.  It's better than most oven mitts you can buy in a store, but hopefully I will find one that fits alittle better
Does the job well. Just perfect for melting butter quickly.  You can also use it for reheating sauces for one or to infuse oil.  Excellent All Clad quality.  This was the last piece I purchased for my collection and I have no regrets.
Great Blender!!. My old belnder broke and it was hard to find a good one to substitute. I actually had a very simple and cheap model, but it seemed the old ones were better than the new models. The jars were seemed not to be shaped right and there was always some food left over in chunks when I wanted all to be pureed.After trying 2 other very good brands and having to return them I finally decided to try the waring. And what a great blender it is! Somewhat noisy, but I really don't mind that when the appliance gets the job done.My smoothies came out smoothier than ever, and the pureed soups were velvety creamy. Definitely a 5 stars product, and worth every penny spent on it!
great little whisk. This whisk is solidly constucted. You won't have the feeling that the handle is going to fall off from too much use. Besides that, it has the OXO feature of a very comfortable handle. I liked it so much, I'm ordering the 11 inch balloon whisk as well
As a Cat Toy. This is inexpensive for a laser pointer so I didn't have high expectations, just wanted a cat toy.  You have keep holding the button down to get the beam and it sometimes blinks off like it has lost its connection and you have to repush. It is better than the little ones that use the button batteries because it lasts much longer and can use rechargeable batteries. My cat thinks it is great
fun dog toy. This is a great toy for agressive chewes, such as pit bull or alike.  Many fun hours watching my pit push and bat this ball all over the house and yard, we have had it for a few months now and have yet to see him bite any pieces off
Good Balance, easy to sharpen, ugly as sin. I originally bought this knife because one of the chefs at the restaurant I work at had one. I picked it up one day and the lightness and balance blew my mind. A couple weeks later I bought my own as well as a ceramic water sharpener.I have no idea what that other guy must be doing to his knife but my blade sharpens very easily and stays sharp for months as long as you don't abuse it. By far my favorite knife that I have used.One warning though: if you are going to do a large amount of chopping (like say you're a prep cook or you make Thanksgiving-like dinners twice a month) then the angled shape of the back of the blade may rub the side of your knife-hand index finger the wrong way. I cook fairly elaborate meals almost everyday and have only been irritated by the shape a few times under heavy chopping regimes but it is something to consider.Overall I couldn't love this knife more. It's the most important kitchen tool I have ever owned
Better than expected. great for the money. Feel like expensive sheet. Very happy with it. Just hope it is available with other colors
Great Product. The Toastmaster 6432 is very performant, heats up very fast and you can easily cook anything on it i
Pretty Middle of the Road Unit. I have had this product for a couple of years and it did a good job. The waffles were good but nothing spectacular. I tried several recipes but the waffles came out pretty much the same. The unit hinges never broke but the non-stick surface has failed completely. The waffles are stuck like crazy glue even after carefully washing and using fresh oil on the grids. I guess I got my moneys worth but this one is headed for the landfill
Insulated, attractive, keeps-your-hand-from-freezing!. I really appreciate the construction of this cocktail shaker.  The insulated walls are a godsend, as (1) your hands will not get cold shaking up the cocktail, (2) your drink will STAY cold, so that you don't have to worry about pouring everything you mixed immediately, and (3) no condensation on the outside of the shaker!  Also, the charcoal grey (&quot;smoke&quot;) color looks incredible in a modern kitchen (i.e., granite, stainless steel appliances), plus it doesn't show fingerprints like a polished or matte finish steel shaker.   Beware, however, if you're searching for a shaker with a fine filament strainer. This strainer allows small pieces of ice into the glass, but that's the way I prefer my caramel apple martinis
Good gravy!. Well, I never thought I'd own a gravy boat, but here I am! Owning a gravy boat. As gravy boats go, it just sits in the cupboard and takes up space unless it's Thanksgiving or Christmas or I feel like cooking a turkey (Ha!). But it's very nice, easy to hold even when it's filled with hot gravy, and it holds a lot. Much easier to clean than any of those fancy metal ones
Not cheap. I own Rachael Ray's 3 piece knife set; they are great; sturdy, sharp, wonderfully weighted. They are "Australian designed hardened German stainless steel". The bamboo box is not of great quality and maybe that was made in China
The Best Bird's Beak Knife Available. I have a lot of experience using various brands of kitchen cutlery, including some from relatively obscure Japanese manufacturers, and I truly believe that this is the best bird's beak knife on the market. The most important thing in selecting a bird's beak knife is sharpness, and Shun knives are certainly among the very sharpest on the market today. The only comparable knife that I have used is the Global bird's beak knife, but this one has a much more comfortable handle than the Global does. Additionally, the Shun bird's beak knife is balanced better than the Global, and significantly sharper than similar knives from Wusthof and Henckels. There is also a Shun Stainless bird's beak knife, with the only difference being the stainless steel handle. Although not every kitchen absolutely needs a bird's beak knife, I highly recommend this one for those that do want one for peeling tough vegetables such as turnips and for specialized decorative garnishing
The Home Styles Double Door Kitchen Cart with Butcher Block Top:  Well worth the money!. What an awesome product!  Heavy-duty and sturdy, you'd never know it was an "assemble-at-home" item.   It's a quality piece of furniture.  It's on wheels, which is a good thing because it is surprisingly heavy.Let's start at the top:  The butcher block top.  It's three inches thick and, as such, it is the heaviest part of the entire kitchen cart.  It is made of fine, high-quality Asian hardwoods.  The finish is oiled and the manufacturer recommends seasoning it regularly with mineral oil.The next is the cart itself.  Immediately under the butcher block top, there is a 2" deep drawer.  It's large and deep enough to accommodate a standard utensil holder or other items of your choice.  The pull handle on the drawer is fashioned out of brushed chrome.Beneath the drawer, there is a shelf.  Surrounding the shelf on three sides are brushed chrome rods, adding a modern look.  Matching the brushed chrome are three hooks on the right side of the cart, perfect for hanging larger utensils or pot holders.Below the shelf is a cabinet with two doors.  The pull handles for the doors also have a brushed chrome finish.  The cabinet is large enough to hold an entire set of dinnerware (as in my case where I have eight place settings that include dinner and luncheon plates, fruit and soup bowls, and more).Finally, heavy-duty, professional grade caster wheels support the whole thing.  The two in the front are locking.  To prevent stubbed toes, the wheels can easily be rotated and tucked under the unit.The easy to follow directions for assembly (which are diagrammed and in English) call only for a Philips screwdriver.  A hex wrench is included for the 18 hex bolts.  I used an electric screwdriver for both the Philips screws (14 in all) and the hex bolts (after I found the right sized hex tip for my screwdriver).I can happily report that all pieces fit together easily (no struggling to match up this piece with that piece) and all holes are pre-drilled.The drawer requires assembly also.  The runners for the drawer are already attached!  You must put together the front, sides and back of the drawer with screws (again, all holes are pre-drilled).A word of advice regarding assembling the drawer:  Follow the directions where it says to put the screws in only halfway before trying to attach the bottom of the drawer.  I made the mistake of tightening the screws too much and had trouble sliding the bottom into the assembled front, back and sides.  It's a snug fit.  Once I loosened the screws enough, the bottom easily popped into place and I was able to sock it in securely by tightening the screws.I have only one other thing to mention regarding the assembly of the entire cart: Once the body of the cart is assembled and the unit is standing upright, you must lift the butcher block and set it down on the top of the cart.  At this point, you have already placed four cam lock screws on the top of the cart and they're pointing upward.  These screws will fit into four pre-drilled holes on the bottom of the butcher block.  You must align the screws on the cart with the holes on the butcher block as you place the butcher block on top of the cart.  Because the butcher block is so heavy, you may want to have help.But what a reward it was to see the unit fully assembled and then to marvel at what a quality piece of furniture it ended up being.  IKEA sells a similar item for twice the money.I give the Home Styles Double Door Kitchen Cart with Butcher Block Top 5 stars because of the beauty of the product and its better-than-a-bargain price
Coffee tastes as beautiful as this maker looks ! A+. It is a very pretty maker, and coffee is made under perfect conditions.  The price is good through Amazon, just make sure you use suggested filters, the other DO NOT work... (learned from experience).If premium coffee is your "thing" and pretty is a bonus,  this maker is the answer
-Thread-Count 100-Percent Cotton Sateen King Sheet Set, Bone. I purchased these sheets even though it got mixed reviews and I am very happy with them.  The price was unbeatabe
Not overly loud. Perfect little timer.  Did not scare me when the alarm went off.  Happy I bought it.
Excellet product but the price. I have been using this product for at least three years now. I have to say is  and excellent way to improve the grow, colors and health of your plants (almost to good).The only considerations you have to take are:1- Install it in a place where you can easily access to maintain it (careful with the water)2- Regular measure the water Ph and Kh (it drops both because of the CO2). Consider to use only during the day period of your aquarium.3- Make a little research about the best aquarium light you can use to improve the C02 effect.4- Wait three weeks for the results.5- You will have to regular cut the long leafs (depending of your plants).6- Consider quit the active carbon if your using liquid of pills plants activators.The price is a little high but the results are really good if you have a plan and good practices with your tank.
No More Rug Doctor. After years of renting Rug Doctors, we decided to buy our own carpet cleaner.  We were also motivated by having two dogs who bring too much of the yard with them on our off-white carpets when they come in from playing.  Also one of them is a puppy, who thought it convenient to pee on the carpet a few times.   After reading other reviews, we selected the Hoover F5914-900.  We wash the living area carpets about once a month and have already spent less on the Hoover then we would have by renting a cleaner.  The carpets are as clean as with a bigger Rug Doctor.  We have found that going over an area with just hot water after cleaning it with the detergent helps keep the carpet clean for a longer period of time.  We are very happy with our Hoover.  It is fairly light, easy to fill and empty, and easy to clean both the tanks and the brushes.  As other people have commented, the attachment hose tends to fall off, so we just leave it off.   Otherwise, it's a heck of a deal!
Better Than Anticipated. I thought, 5 towels for 10 bucks? How nice could they be?Well, surprisingly enough, quite nice. They are high quality and oversized. Unlike many kitchen towels that shrink down to the size of a postage stamp once washed, these did not shrink much.Be sure to take them out of the dryer immediately to avoid excessive wrinkling, but that would be true of any linen.I have been using them about 3 months now and the colors are holding up well and I find myself reaching for them first before my other towels, so I'm going to buy another set now.
Cheap and simple way to make tortillas. For all of you who hate to pay extra for tortillas, which are essentially water, flour, and oil, this is ideal. You just follow the directions, don't overpress, and you can have a lot of tortillas really fast. An excellent buy. If you like tortillas, I'd recommend this maker. This also does flatbreats. The temperature control allows you to set how cooked, crispy, or thick you want the tortillas. Also makes roti.
tea timer is terrific. my wife and i discovered the importance of proper tea timing while visiting in germany.  we discovered this same timer there, but did want to take space in our luggage to bring one home.  however, when we found this one, we were overjoyed!  it's easy to use and makes a huge difference in the quality of your tea.  yes, it's a little excentric, but it's worth it
Awesome pie plate!. Okay, so I bought this pie plate because I'm a purple nut, but I'm so glad I did!  It's the first one that I grab for whenever I'm making pies, even more so than my Longaberger ones! It's just so pretty and cleanup is a breeze (sounds like a commercial!).  Anyway, be sure to add one of these to your collection of Fiestaware, they're just awesome pie plates.  The pies just come out beautifully, no burning, etc.  Don't know what I'd do without it and I'm so very glad I found it.  These make wonderful gifts too
Great TV Trays. These trays are built good and sturdy, wipes easily and look good in their stand anywherre you place them. They are serving me well
There was a problem but now it is fixed!!. These machines are awesome and powerful, but were getting poor reviews when they debuted in 2005 because of a bobbin problem and a software problem.  Singer has moved to fix both problems.  Newer stock of machines have a much-improved bobbin cover, which eliminates the problem of the bobbin getting progressively worse.  A new version of the software has no known problems.  You can update your software at their website, or call customer service to get the problem fixed.  I have found their customer service to be first rate.  Poke around the website for tons more information than is in the books that come with it.For a long time, embroidery machines were sort of the gift for the person who has everything. You had to be pretty rich to own one. It takes a lot of computer power to translate a pixel to a stitch, and embroidery machines were incredibly expensive, and subject to all kinds of problems.  NOT a good financial investment for those of us with other claims on our cash; therefore, the machines were largely in the hands of older, more financially well-off individuals, and the designs available for them tended to be cutesy and trite. Singer has done the most brilliant thing by enabling us to put the computers we already OWN to work running the embroidery machine.  You just hook this up to your laptop, and you can convert any file format to run on your machine.  It has taken all the barriers to designing away with the (optional on the CE-100, included on the CE-200)Auto-Punch software, which enables you to convert any .bmp or .jpeg or .wmf or just about any little image file and turn it into an embroidery design.  There is literally no limit to what you can do with it.  And the stitch quality is excellent.  Think about it--your kids can draw a picture, and you can turn it into an embroidery design!  The mind reels!Singer is to be congratulated on making machine embroidery accessible to the masses.  This is truly a breakthrough for creative people everywhere
Versatile little pot (in multiples). The properties of cast iron make it the best little fondue pot and mini sauce/gravy boat.  Just heat up cream and chocolate to make the ganache and the pot keeps it warm for a long time without a flame. That way you can carry it around the house.  Or use on a stand and flame like a regular mini fondue pot.  The cast iron distributes the heat evenly and helps prevent scorched chocolate/sauce.Great for a romantic evening or when you just want a few bites and not chocolate fondue for 6.  Also good for letting your guests flavour their own personal fondue while still being social.I also use several of them as gravy boats on a long table or next to a particular dish if serving buffet style.  Much better than poorly made insulated gravy boats that fall apart or trap food under the rim.Cons: Not cheap & you have to buy more than one to make it really useful.
Nice cookware. For the price, I have to admit this is not bad cookware.  It's not your top of the line, but I wanted something dishwasher safe, with side pour spouts and I got exactly what I wanted.  Don't know how long it will last, but even if it's only a few years that's okay.  I didn't give it 5 stars because it's just not 5 star quality cookware; however, it heats evenly and so far it does well in my dishwasher.  Other cookware that is colored on the outside seems to fade over time in a dishwasher and this being stainless-steel I don't have that problem.  It is teflon coated so that is another plus providing it doesn't wear off - only time will tell
Sun Tea. John Egerton once said: "Iced tea is too pure and natural a creation not to have been invented as soon as tea, ice and hot weather crossed paths." Iced tea was first served at the 1904 Louisiana Purchase Exposition in St. Louis.Today, we make "Sun Tea" by hanging tea bags in a lidded jar of water. We leave the jar to sit out in the sun a few hours. This is a more traditional recipe, but feel free to experiment with sun tea in your yard.4 cups water6 tea bags (herbal like MINT also works well)2/3 cup granulated sugar2 cups cold waterIce cubesLemon slicesFresh mint leaves1.  Bring the water to a boil in 3-quart saucepan. Remove fromthe heat. Tie all the tea bags together with their own strings.Submerge the tea bags in the hot water. Let the tea steep for15 minutes or longer if you prefer strong tea.2.  Remove the tea bags and add the sugar while the tea is warm.3.  Pour the cold water into a 2-quart plastic jug, add tea. Let diluted tea come to room temperature to prevent cloudiness, then refrigerate until needed.4.  Serve tea in a glass pitcher. Pour over ice cubes in tall glasses. Decorate with thin lemon slices and mint leaves.Serves 4~The Rebecca Review
I'd rate this 10 stars if I could!. Marvelous knife!!! Well worth the money. Extremely sharp and well balanced. If you have a larger hand this will fit your hand well. I had this in a different style handle, the classic grip and exchanged it for this handle style.I cannot say enough about this knife! I use it far more than my classic chef's knife. It takes just a few minutes of getting used to how it handles. It can be 'rocked' like a chef's knife, just not quite the same way. Once you get used to this you'll love it. It cuts very cleanly and smoothly. Treat it properly and it will last a lifetime.A well made knife is an essential cook's tool. And this in my book is one of the best made out there.
Exactly as Expected. The SteamFast SP-660 Table Top Steam Press performs exactly as we thought it would - very well, cutting the ironing time by as much as 50%. No kidding! After considering the Steam Fast SF-680 Digital Fabric Steam Press (which has received rave reviews), along with a few others, we opted for this one at nearly $100 less (especially when you type in the promotional code to get the additional $25 discount. Enter code CLEAROUT at checkout).  Honestly, not having tried the other, we can't really compare. We can only report that the SP-660 does require a little re-learning, but it's not difficult and it is well worth the few minutes invested!If you have difficulty ironing at all, this product will NOT help you. It does not perform miracles. However, if you iron regularly with success, once you learn how to use the SP-660, you will find this to be a timesaver.When this product first arrived, we didn't have any distilled water in the house, but we started using it without filling the water reservoir.  We find that using spray-on wrinkle releaser, light starch, or plain water (using the included spray bottle filled with water), yields crisp presses. We haven't felt the need to use the steam press feature yet.We did not purchase the stand (it seems rather pricey), and instead have put the press on top of a standard ironing board. This works, although it is probably not the perfect solution.One last thought; we debated over whether we should get a press with a larger ironing surface (SF-680).  We've decided that this slightly smaller surface is sufficient and is probably an easier transition from a regular iron.  However, we are ironing mostly women's clothes, which tend to have smaller flat areas.Hope this helps with your decision
Revere The Best. I only use Revereware cookware with copper bottoms. My husband, who is a mechanical engineer, states that cookware with copper bottoms is the best conductor of surface heat. I totally agree. My Revereware has lasted me for 20 years, at least, and is still going strong. I wanted another pan and couldn't find it in any store in our area. So, I got on-line and bingo! I'll be ordering another smaller pan in the near future, but am happy to have found Revereware through Amazon.
SA-WEET!!!. This was the best purchase I made for Christmas, 2006.  I bought two, one for a gift and one for me and both receivers were thrilled!  Easy to put together, easy to use, works great and the popcorn is to die for.  It's also quite a conversation piece.  I highly recommend this product and Amazon.com
Abandon your skepticism. I bought, at the same time, this glass as well as the snifter from Riedel.  I think I've used the snifter twice, usually when I ran out of the Hennessey glass, and then I gave it to people I don't like.  The subtlety that this glass brings out of liquors is truly amazing, far from the straight-forward burn I associate with the snifter.  I use it frequently for Armagnac, Cognac, and Calvados.  I've even taken to using it with Tequila and single malt Scotches.  It looks highly specialized (and is named after 1 brand of Cognac, which seems odd), but is actually extremely versatile, and will soon be one of your favorites.  It is also remarkably beautiful, as has been pointed out
Versatility!. Just want to let you all know that the lid of this 4-1/2 quart pan also fits the 9-1/2&quot; inch Tarte Tatin/Anniversary pan ...I wanted to buy a small Buffet Casserole (the 2-quart size) to cook chicken & rice or pork chops when it's just my husband and myself, but I decided to buy the Tarte Tatin/&quot;Anniversary&quot; pan (same pan, two different names) instead for two reasons:1) One less lid in the cupboard2) I thought the shape of the anniversary pan's flat bottom would be a little bit more useful (I can make Tarte tatin of course, but also: regular cakes (come out delicious, just line this pan with parchment paper -- the cake comes out so perfect you may throw away your cake pans to make space for more Le Creuset cookware, lol), quiche/one pot breakfasts, etc.Because I can use a lid on top of the anniversary pan, I can also use that anniversary pan to cook dishes with rice in them, poach chicken breats, etc.Of course, read all the other reviews about this 4-1/2 quart size pan. It's the perfect size pan to cook meals for 6 people.FYI: If you are trying to decide what size to buy, just to let you know Le Creuset recommends that you choose a pan size where the contents of what you are trying to cook fills the pan at least 50%, if not three-quarters of the way full to the top, to make the most of the radient heat qualities of cast iron (with this cast iron pan, the heat not only travels through the bottom of the pan, but also up the sides -- very different from your usual stainless steal or alumninum pan, which is why you use lower heat with these pans than with stainless steel pans).If you use too large of a pan, your ingredients may dry out before they are cooked all the way through. Also, if you are cooking rice, if there is too much space at the top (if your pan is only 25 percent full), you may not get enough steam pressure to cook the rice all the way through.If this is your first pan, get the size of pan you'll use the most of the time, not the size you use when you cook for company. These pans are so addictive, you'll can always buy the bigger size later for specialty recipes.This 4-1/2 quart is perfect for cooking for 3 to 6 people.The 3-1/2 quart is perfect for 2 to 4 people.The 2-1/2 quart is good for 1 or 2 people, or rice for 4 people
Works great. simple to operate. Works great. simple to operate. Just what I needed for my contemporary kitchen. Small but efficient
Parrothead Pottery. This was an EXCELLENT addition to my friend's parrothead kitchen. The colors are bright and add a touch of PARTY to the room
No Regrets Buying the Refill Accessory. The refill accessory (in both 50 and 70 oz sizes) definitely cuts the refill-maintenance in half. Since it doubles the capacity you only refill half as often. You still have to clean the fountain regularly as recommended. A different reviewer mentioned that the clear reservoir is not dishwasher-safe, and that warning is stated quite clearly in the manual. Throwing caution to the wind I ignored the warning and now have an oddly-shaped container that with some squeezing still works as expected
Sheets. Very nice, definitely luxurious, good color, don't want to get out of bed in the morning
Loving it!. I love this item and can't get out of bed now. Make sure you air it out and order a size up as it does not fit if you order the real size!
puppy battery. I needed a specific battery for an invisible fence collar.  You had it; I ordered it; it was shipped; end of story.  It works fine
Fantastic Toy!. This toy has saved my sanity and my furniture!  Instead of my puppy chewing the furniture, he chews on this toy instead.  My puppy, who usually tires of toys in a day, has had this one for over a month and it is still the first toy he goes to each morning and the last toy he plays with before going to bed at night.  It took him an entire week of daily, constant chewing to just get through one of these cookies and when he did, he was very excited and pleased with himself!  Once he finished that one cookie, he went on the attack the second one.  I also put treats inside the ball, under the cookies and my dog loves trying to get through one cookie just to get to the treats inside.  I have never seen a cookie as hard and sturdy as these are and my dog loves every flavor he has tried so far.  I highly recommend this toy!  It has kept my active, hyper puppy amused, occupied and happy, every day.  I can not say enough good things about this toy, which is good for puppies and older dogs alike.  The only problem I have found is trying to keep enough of the cookie refills stocked in my home.  I wouldn't dream of running out of the cookie refills  for this toy
Strong knot. I bought this toy for my miniature Poodle since she was chewing very quickly through her tennis balls. I made the mistake of buying the medium, but it turned out great, since after she chewed thought her first knot I cut away excess fabric, and it became a smaller toy. Works as a chew toy, a fetch toy and a ball. It's gonna take her a long time to destroy this one.
Hamilton Beach 18-Quart Roaster Oven - Cost vs Value. If you are seeking an affordable roaster oven that is: easy to clean, easy to use, a great way to bake a Thanksgiving turkey, a space saver if you need your regular oven to bake other dishes concurrently, then this item should be considered.  The oven will accommodate at least a 15-lb. turkey.  There were no real negatives other than be aware that you will need to use a special kind of baking product on the turkey skin to make it brown and enhance the appearance; this special sauce is mentioned in the baking instructions and is easy to find at the grocery store. Also, while not a complaint, I expected the roaster to weigh more than it did. The aluminum lid was understandably very lightweight and it could be dented easily, but I cannot say it is fair to equate quality with the thickness/weight of materials used in construction.  The electric cord was only about 3 feet in length and required use of an extension cord, so a 6-foot cord would have been preferred.  Overall, this unit offers value at a low cost based on my one experience using it.
Great Match. Even when I bought the Fiestawere Cinnabar creamer I loved it right away, but to order the Cinnabar Covered Suger Bowl from a nother seller and have them match so well.  I am so happy that my sugar bowl is such a perfect match. Thank
nice decor as well as performance. love the way it looks... it boils water quickly, does not spil - worth every penny - definatelly recomend
Easy as can be!. I have owned the smaller Salad Shooter for many years (and it still works!) and have always loved the ease of use and easy cleaning (I stick it right in the dishwasher), so I wanted the bigger one to try coleslaw with it.  I think I'll stick to my food processor for the cabbage shredding because I had to cut the cabbage up too small, but this will do almost everything else with ease, it's very powerful.  I love it to shred cheese, carrots, etc.  The extra attachments give you a lot of variety in slice thickness.  And the best thing is you can aim it right over the bowl or dish that you're preparing and the food will shoot right in without dirtying another bowl! Great for summer salads!  I bought my daughter one too and she loves it
Ontime and as described. Best pillow ever, cured my husband's neck-arm problem. Great price, $15 cheaper then we usually buying it for at Sears
Sofa Throw Cover. I needed 2 throws for my couch & love seat.  These throws are like big blankets and they fit perfectly over your couch & love seat.  I have a boxer & she loves to jump on the couch as well as eat bones and tends to drool quite a bit.  These throws stay on unless I have company & they wash beautiful.  If I'm lazy I just vaccuum them but I've already washed them 5 times and the color is as true as the first day I bought them.  Shop around, this is an amazing price for the quality!  Five stars for me!~Chicago, I
Fast, no lumps, simple and elegant to use. Bought this blender for $70 in Nov 2005.Blends smoothies and frozen margueritas effortlessly and quickly - no chunks, just smooth.Great controls too. Twist left for pulse blending. Twist right for variable speeds. That's it - one simple knob.Very pleased with it. In fact, we use it so much now that we need to buy a second carafe so there's always a clean one ready to go
cool in Texas. This is the greatest little fan I've ever used....Moves lots of air, is quiet, and you don't have to worry about the cloth blades hurting anything!!
BEST PIZZA EVER!!!. I own several pieces of Chicago Mettalic Bakeware and all are superior to anything else I have used!...This deep dish pizza pan is GREAT!..its nice and large and especially nice when I am using it for gourmet style pizza's with lots of ingredients...bakes evenly and looks like your pizza just came out of a fine restaurant...your friends will be impressed when you serve a pizza made in this pan!..Great Price Amazon!..thanks
Great for Small Spaces. We got this to use in our 32 ft. motorhome.  It does the job on the small carpet areas and gets in between the furniture easily with its small head.  I use a small brush to remove the dust and fuzz from the catcher area when I empty it.This doesn't take much storage space which was important to us.Minor complaint: the catch that slides up and down to remove and replace the dust catching chamber is difficult to move
The best deep fryer I have found so far!. I have gone through several deep fryers over the past few years in my quest to find the perfect deep fryer. The T-Fal FR7008002 Ultimate EZ Clean is hands down the best I have found to date.The pros: So easy to clean! Most of the unit is dishwasher safe, which is a great plus for me. The thing I hated about deep fryers before was cleaning the oil from the system. Either the inner pot would not be removable (in the days when deep fryers first came out and started to become popular), or the pot would be full of the junk from the food and it would be hard to pour out and filter the oil. Also, where to store the oil? This unit makes it so easy to clean and reuse the oil. It does a great job of filtering out the junk that has floated into the oil from frying and neatly storing it into the storage container. It's about time someone came out with a product like this!The cons: It does use a lot of oil, so you have to buy the big gallons from Costco or warehouse type of place. The good thing, though, is the ease of reusing the oil, so it doesn't make it seem too bad to use that amount of oil. Also, I wish the oil would heat higher than 378 degrees F. I didn't get out a cooking thermometer to actually see if the oil heated to that temp, but it would be nice if the oil got hotter. I can understand that it is for home use and not professional, so there is a safety factor, but frying at a higher temperature for fries ensures a crispy-on-the-outside-and-tender-on-the-inside-not-oily fry.Overall, I love this deep fryer, so I gave it a five, even though it does have a few things it could improve upon
Lid leaks... buy the cone, ditch the mug. My husband purchased the Melitta for me after reading the reviews about the quality of the coffee and the problems with the lid.  I experienced both issues.First, this makes a consistently great cup of coffee exactly the way Alton Brown explains it (see the Good Eats episode "True Brew").  I love the flavor the cone produces, and it is easy to clean - drop the paper filter in the trash and rinse the cone.Second, after about 2 weeks of use, the top started to drip.  My husband warned me that this might happen, and it did.  So, I now either leave the lid off or use the coffee mug from QuikTrip when I want it on the go.Do you mind paying $9 for a coffee cone that produces a great cup of coffee and a throw-away mug?  If so, the Melitta is for you.  If not, try another alternative.  Hope this was helpful
FiestaWare brings color to life. This is a great set of dinnerware!! After 25 years, my husband and I decided to bring some color into our lives by replacing our wedding gift white Corelle with festive FiestaWare. How lovely to open the cabinets and see color!!! We've mixed colors and have an eight piece display of color. FiestaWare is not only beautiful, but durable.  And it can be put in the dishwasher, microwave, oven and freezer!!! It may cost a bit more than some of the trendy stuff available, but it's adaptability to all uses makes it a fabulous value!!! If you are at all tempted by it --- BUY IT!!!! You will LOVE it! Put some color in your life
Whirley-Pop Gourmet Assorted Gift Set with Stovetop Popcorn Popper. Wondeful gift set,  I am very pleased with the popper and the popcorn ... works well and taste great ........
Very pleased. I never made bread before getting this food processor.  I thought the bread hook thingy did a good job.I did use a small round file, like the kind you use for sharpening a chain saw chain, to sharpen the slaw grater blade.  I didn't think it was sharp enough.Overall, its easy to clean in the sink
Crisp evenly-baked crusts, not soggy. The perforations in the pan ensure that pizza crusts will be crisp and evenly baked, not soggy.  My favorite pizza pan.  It is lightweight and easier to handle than a pizza stone.Perforated pizza pans are the best, whether making pizza from scratch, or with a kit, or even baking a FROZEN store-bought pizza.Clean-up may require some soaking.  Bits of melted cheese, from around the edge of the pizza, can fall into the perforations.  I use a toothpick, to get any remaining gunk out of the perforations.  As an alternative, I tried the non-stick version of this same pan, but the rolling pizza cutter scratched the surface with my heavy-handed use, so I think this regular, non-coated pan is probably the best option, for me.The 15-3/4 inch pan does not fit in my dishwasher.  I soak it in the sink, even though the label warns about the risk  of getting water trapped between the 2 layers.  The pan is aluminum and does not rust; however there could be a safety risk if there is still a LOT of water between the layers when you go to use it again, and put it in the oven, there could conceivably be hot steam coming out when you go to take the pan out of the oven.  During 5+ years of ownership, I have not experienced water getting trapped between the layers, even though I soak it in a sinkful of water.  If it were a problem, I would think about getting thick oven or BBQ mitts with a water-resistant outer layer (suede maybe?)Despite these minor drawbacks, this is still my favorite type of pizza pan.  I would like to find a smaller pan, like 10-12 inch diameter, to add to my collection.
perfect. This is perfection.  You will never use a better knife.  Unlike many other high quality knives, this knife also has weight to it that makes it more balanced.  Plus, it's high enough quality, your grand kids will fight over  it as their inheritance.  This is the only tool I will ever call  perfect...
nice product. i read all the reviews before purchasing three of these.. first off they are a very nice size, a little on the big size i might add. second, they are not poor quality..third, each of my boys loves it.. i wouldnt buy the sheets.. no wonder they are scratchy with the thread count that they are.. but these.. i liked them enough to write something here.. buy the comforter, buy the pillowcase, but by a basic blue sheet set with a higher count from someone else..
the pan to own. If I could have only one pan, this would be the one. When I cook, this is the first, and sometimes the only, pan to come out
Very good. I bought this sauce pan last week. The quality is very good. The handle design is quite comfortable. I tested the even heat distribution by broiling the water and watched the water bubbles forming at the bottom of the pan. I found no hot spot. It responded to the change in the heat setting is average. It's kind of heavier than All-Clad LTD for the same size of pan. I'm not sure about how long it will last under the normal daily usage yet. For the initial impression, this Calphalon One Non-stick cookware can stand up to the more expensive cookware such as All-Clad - LTD, Stainless steel, MC2. Look for the bargain. It's worth the cost
The only pet odor remover that works!. If you use this product as directed it works very well on all pet urine odors. The one downfall is if you have tried to get out the odor or stain w/ another pet odor product, Nature's Miracle may not work. So make sure you try this one first!
Wonderful Knives!!. I bought this full set after Christmas, and have been extremely pleased. I have small hands, but they fit very well and feel very comfortable. They are a little heavier than some other knife brands but not enough, to me, to cause any difficulties. In fact, I like the solid feel that I get when using them. They are incredibly sharp and have done everything I've asked of them with no problems. I'm looking forward to adding on to the set
The best. Well worth the money. If you doubt as to whether you will use 4.0 L, you will. Despite criticisms at speed of boiling, it is not slow. Highly recommende
West Bend Good for the Money. Overall it is a simply designed and effective product.  I am happy with it and would make the purchase again if doing it over.  The only issue I have is that it doesn't heat perfectly even, but this is more of a food aesthetic issue than a food quality issue.  It's wonderful to make more than one pancake or french toast at a time, and great for Okonomi-Yaki
Looks brand new, even after 5+ years of use. I've had this gratin dish for at least five years... but you'd never know it. It's as shiny and attractive as if it had just come out of the box.It isn't because I'm a zealous housekeeper; quite the opposite, in fact. I've come to believe that there is no food substance that can stick to the Chantal's finish. Not baked-on cheese, not dried-on gravy from a small pork roast, nothing -- it all usually rinses right off, even before going into the dishwasher.My dishes are blue, so its bright color looks great on the table, too. Plus, the baking dish is a good size. It's just right for a vegetable casserole, small lasagna, or two twice-baked potatoes. And the price is certainly right!I recently needed to buy a new souffle dish; I chose the matching  Chantal souffle without a second thought
Fixing the Frothing Problem. I actually have the Capresso C1300, but was also experiencing problems with the frother.  I took the tip posted by another reader and switched out the existing frothing tip with a Krups frothing tip.  (I had an old Krups espresso/capuccino machine left over, before I upgraded to the Capresso).  What do you know - it totally worked!  The froth is sooooo much better with the new tip!
Good deal for the price. Good Cal King sheets for $19.99. The fitted sheet is not a perfect fit for my bed, its a little big. Also, the sheets wrinkle upon washing. Other than these two problems, the sheets are a good deal. They are easy on the eye and feel soft on the skin
The Best!!!. I had been trying for a couple years now to train my dog to stop barking at everything that passes by our house when she is outside. When I am not home and she is outside, which isn't often, she wears the automatic no bark collar but she still barked through the pain! This dog training system has fixed the problem after just a few times wearing it! I cannot believe I didn't buy it earlier! Well worth the money
A good product for the Price. This mat holds in place very well and has an interesting pattern that allows the water to run through it and not just around it. I am hoping this cuts down on mildew, but I haven't had it long enough to know.
Aside from the price, I am SO IN LOVE with my dishes!!. I almost feel nutty being giddy with excitement over my dishes.  I have considered the Emile Henry line for some time based on what I heard about their bakeware.  I honestly thought I'd be content with perhaps a pie dish, maybe some ramekins but when I saw the Cobalt dinnerware, I was like a madman, totally obsessed with having to have them.Well, I received my sets and I couldn't be happier with them.  The colors are absolutely vibrant and so rich in color, which I love.  Like others, I was surprised by the heft and weight of them, they seem very sturdy.  I love how they can be placed in the microwave, dishwasher, freezer and such.  At first, I was very careful with them and handwashed each piece. I soon found out that I don't have to give them any special treatment, I've accidentally banged them together, one slipped out of my hands into the sink and there are no signs of damage whatsoever!My only complaint with this set is the soup bowl.  I guess someone could have a small serving of soup but I think it's better suited for salad, fruit or as a sidedish, or maybe even for a bowl of ice cream as it's not as deep as I would think a soup bowl would be, maybe it's industry standard, I don't know.  I could see one easily spilling the soup if they were walking with the bowl to the table and if you didn't fill it all the way, you wouldn't have much soup.  I'd recommend the pasta bowls or cereal bowls to use for soup instead.  Maybe my portions are too large, but that's just my opinion of the bowl.  Even with this sized bowl (the width is GREAT, it's just the depth), I am not  hesitating to complete my set.  I'm so, so grateful that they have restocked the Cobalt Blue!! I simply love this color.As for the shipping, maybe I shouldn't jinx myself but so far, every single piece I have received has arrived intact, no chips, no damage whatsoever.   I only wish Amazon would lower their price so I could add more pieces!!!OK update: I just received additional sets to try to complete my service of 8 set...my first (new) box had a damaged plate in it.  I opened my 2nd box this morning and I am missing a salad plate out of it.  By combining one from the damaged dinner plate set, I have another complete set but I still had to request a replacement.**I just got off the phone with Amazon and they were awesome.  They immediately put in an order for a replacement.Hopefully, future shipments will be in better condition. My first two shipments (pasta bowls and the 16 piece dinnerware set) were absolutely flawless and in perfect condition! Seriously, unless someone was packing the dark or totally oblivious, they could not have missed these scratches!!
Solid!. These bowls are nice. Perfect for soup, dessert, salad, or whatever. Well, I like big salads, so they're a little small for MY salads. But they're great for a lot of things, and I SWEAR you could drop them on the floor and they probably wouldn't break. They fit nicely on the small Fiestaware plates so you don't spill a full bowl of soup. They go in the fridge to store leftovers, in the dishwasher (I've washed these things hundreds of times and they're still in great shape), and probably in the freezer, too. If only Fiestaware would make tupperware-like lids so I'd feel more comfortable putting these in the freezer for storing things. As they are, I have to use plastic wrap, which always lets in yucky freezer smells
A great value. This pan is a great value.  Sure, it's a little small, but you can see that when you order (it's only 7 1/2", not 12", after all).  I've had two of these pans for four years now, and they're wonderful.  Buy these, and buy the 12" one too.  You won't be sorry
Great toaster. I like this toaster a lot. It has a substantial feel to it. It stays put when you push the lever down, and the bread toasts relatively evenly. It's worth every cent.
Love It!. This pan gets used more than any other Cuisinart Chef's Classic Nonstick Stainless pan in my kitchen. I love the size and use it for a wide variety of food preparation. The clean up is so easy.
Good little thermos. This thermos is what I expected. Holds heat very well, and the pour-through top makes it very convenient
CO2 Cartridges. Delivery was timely. Product was in good condition.  I am very pleased with the whole process (order to delivery)
More Affordable Than BUNN...And Better!. We take our coffee very seriously.  The right brewing temperature is key for a great cup of coffee.  Recently, our Cuisinart coffeemaker, which cost three times as much, bit the dust.  I decided to try a BUNN as I had heard so many great things about them.  After shelling out a fair amount of money for that and hoping for great things, we were sadly disappointed, since what promised to be HOT coffee was not even close.  No more big dollar coffeemakers for us!  After reading favorable reviews on Braun, I decided to give this model a try.  In one word:  "WOW!"  Let's see....not only do we have a sleek design, a Brita water purifier included, a super fast brewing time, but we also have HOT coffee (Gee, what a novelty.)  You can't beat this coffeemaker!....it's a dandy for this price
Nice feel, only marginally dishwasher safe. I'm not a fan of how enormous wine glasses are in restaurants these days but these glasses seem like a perfect size (although still larger than the glasses we were upgrading!). I like that they have a modern shape and feel high-quality. Although intended for white wine, the inward curve at the lid is subtle enough that I feel comfortable serving red wine in them as well. The major downside is that they are large enough that they don't fit upright on the top rack of a non-adjustable dishwasher. We quickly broke one trying to wash them at a precarious angle and learned our lesson
Hard to fine Sizes for shades. I was so happen to find the size vinyl blinds I needed. After searching  so many stores , it was a pleasure to go on line and find just what I needed.I would recommend this site to everyone
Not Big, Not Complicated, Not Expensive! It's Great!. This is it... This is the real deal. It's the small deep fat fryer you've been waiting for to cook small quantities of foods with.It works like a charm, and with the cover locked in place,your kitchen won't stink like rancid grease the next morning.  It doesn't require an advanced engineering degree to assemble and operate. It's not a major investment.  The best part about the RIVAL DIV #CF105 is: It's a simple inexpensive appliance.  When it's all worn out and used up, you can toss it out without feeling funny about it
It's good for leveling. If your cake has any type of crust around it, the way mine do when I use a springform pan, then this is not something you will want for layering a cake. I always need to cut a slice into it, and then use the leveler. That way the blade doesn't bend going into the cake. Other than that, though, it's been very easy for me to use. The tops of cakes and softer cakes haven't given me any problems
Nice product. I was surprised by the quick delivery.  I opened the box to check the bowls.  Everything was intact and I was happy to give them to my cousin as a wedding present
Still keeping the water hot after a year. I put boiling hot water in this carafe at 6am and at 6pm, it still comes out steaming.  I've had it for one year and it still amazes me.  I've had no leakage or dribbling problems.  The metal black body is sleek looking and has no fingerprints on it since I usually hold on to the handle or the top that are plastic. My only problem is having enough tea bags to keep up with it all day!  I'm working on that.  Five stars for price/performance
Nice pillows for the price!. I was very happy with the product and shipment speed.  Thanks very much
Bye bye Starbucks. Hellooo amazing Vanilla Latte. I bought this espresso maker about a week ago at the suggestion of my cousin who lives in Italy. Also bought a milk frother from Ikea ($2.99), some Illy espresso (2 pack for $25) and vanilla-flavored syrup from Starbucks with pump ($7). I have been drinking the yummiest vanilla lattes every morning. Takes a couple of minutes to make and they are delicious. Why the heck was I spending so much money at Starbucks everyday for all those years?! (By the way, my Italian cousin says never to refrigerate the espresso coffee. Just keep it on the counter.)
Bat House Madness. This is a good Bat house but doesn't come with a pole. I would recomend buying a pole or just hanging it somewhere
Good collection of canning helps. Instead of going from store to store to collect all of these gadgets to help with canning, it is good to have been able to get them in one place!  Less expensive too
Puts a Sharp Edge on Any BLade. This product will put a quick edge on any knife, large or small.  Simply draw the angled (paired) sharpening stones over your blade, and presto - you have an edge, and a pretty good one too. Best of all, the sharpener is very portable, weighs less than nothing, and fits into backpacks, fishing tackle boxes, hunting fanny pack, etc. with no added weight or bulk.The edge that this sharpener puts on a blade is a great starting point for further honing of the blade to razor sharpness if desired.I have several of these sharpeners.  The only drawback is that the sharpening stones wear out after perhaps 6 - 10 sharpenings.  But under 10 bucks, this is a bargain.Jim "Konedog" Koeni
Excellent Toaster Oven!. We only buy DeLonghi Toaster Ovens.  This is probably our 4th over the years.  They all last a good long time (4-5 years) and this one is awesome too.  Don't know what all the fuss is about with regards to fingerprints or knobs, have not experienced either.  The price is good, the shipping is free - It's a great deal and the toaster makes awesome toast, comepletely even without having to turn over.  And it bakes chicken, broils steak and anything else you can think of.  We are baking a cake tomorrow in it and I am sure it will be fine.  I don't remember the last time I turned my regular oven on.  I do everything in this Toaster Oven!!!
Easy to use and great tasting. This is a great yogurt maker. My first batch turned out perfectly and I love the fresh, natural taste. Having the automatic shutoff is good, because I can make it before bedtime and it cuts off automatically when it is complete. I haven't tried flavoring it yet-just add fresh berries.I used Greek style yogurt from the grocery for my first batch. I may try the starter later
Pillow cases. These are 400-Thread-Count pair of pillowcases. I got as many as I could and all different colors and sizes, because I have twin, Queen and King size pillows at my house. I didn't worry about colors (white, wine, plum, light blue and more). It really didn't matter what color case I put on, because with such a variety, it was easy too coordinate. But, nobody cares, because they are so soft and you can change them every day in the heat when everybody is sweaty at night, or for whatever reason it's dirty. They wash and dry just like new every time. Can't sleep better than with a fresh, clean, and soft pillowcase under your head at night.
Whirley Pop. I absolutely love this popper.  It makes the best popcorn I have ever eaten.  And the flavor is just like Theatre popcorn.  It is easy to use and pops up the corn very fast and is easy to clean.  I would recommend this product to anyone who likes popcorn. I will never go back to microwave popcorn again!!!
Love it!. This wisk is great, works perfect, low cost. What else could you ask for
reverware pan. Great pan and exactly what I was looking for to replace the one that was 33 years old.  Came exceedingly quickly as well
Fiesta Fruit bowl. Item was satisfactory but thought it was bigger.  Probably my mistak
Love, Love, Love IT!. This is a great vacuum for the price.  I have 3 cats and it picks up all their hair and I have 2 kids and it picks up all the crumbs they leave behind.  I also love the onboard attachments and use them often since they are located right on the unit.The only downside is that it's very heavy but it has rollers on the back so you can move around the house fairly easily.For the money, it's a great deal
This is what you are looking for!. Besides the great price and super fast shipping - this sturdy, simple olive oil pourer is eloquent in any setting. Easy to clean and fill, you have the power of the olive oil right in your hands.  Everyone is getting one of these for Christmas - forget the ugly ones for $45 at William Sonoma - this is a great product.  Don't buy one - buy 2 or 3 - you will see why.  One of the best Amazon deals of all time
You get what you pay for-but beware of limitations. I bought the Toastmaster Eclipse burner and replaced it every year since something always went wrong.This burner is a marvel.  The heat control is incredibly precise, from just keeping something tepid or warm to full-blown raging heat.Do not hesitate.===========Update on April 22:I am now far less enthusiastic:1.  The cast iron top is NOT (reapeat NOT) easy to clean.  It is so abrasive it will eat up sponges, paper towels and every thing else.2.  The cast iron top stains very easily...with no hope of reducing the stain.3.  Do not expect to change temperatures cooking on this top.  The cast iron retains heat for a VERY long time.  Trying to move from one temperature to another takes very many minutes...from high to low as much as 45 minutes.
My poochies ought to be bald, this stuff is GREAT!. I have a Jack Russell Terrier and a Rat Terrier. Both have that short wiry hair that sticks to EVERYTHING, and they make little hair cobwebs throughout our home as well. Brushing wasn't working, frequent washing wasn't working. It was too expensive to buy this furminator treatment and have both dogs groomed too. I was at my wit's end.I purchased the small blue Furminator tool with 1.7 inch blade along with the Furminator Shampoo and Furminator Solution. I washed both dogs with the shampoo for 5 minutes each as directed. The shampoo smells like Pina Coladas which made the Rat Terrier lick-this is bad as soap does upset dog tummies. But a TON of hair came off of both dogs after the shampoo, about a fist-full each. Next, I slathered them up with the solution, which smells like roses or some other floral scent and left that on for 5 minutes. Again, another fistfull of hair came out with the rinse! I allowed both dogs a couple of hours to dry all the way, then came back and used this tool. The Rat Terrier wouldn't go for it, he hates all brushes. But the Jack Russell Terrier loves being brushed and let me go over her whole body except the sensitive areas with the tool. And let me tell you, I got a wad of superfine undercoat fur the size of her head off of that dog. And the only hair she's leaving around the house is hair that was already all over the place prior to the Furminator treatment. I don't get hair flying off her when petting her anymore, and even the Rat Terrier that wouldn't let me use the tool on him is still not putting out a lot of shedding.I would highly recommend the Furminator products. They are expensive and somewhat time consuming to use, but they work as advertised.
Easy to assemble. I bought this as a rack to hold my cutting boards since I don't have a cabinet.  It's very sturdy, extremely easy to assemble (all toools included) and looks great.  But, as a magazine rack or cutting board holder, it would be better with  center divider
Recommended !. The Euro Cuisine Yogurt Maker is SO FABULOUS you will want the extra jars. So will your family. When you're running low on yogurt, you can make another batch without "waiting" for all the jars in use to be emptied and washed.Dishwasher safe means much to my family.Love it
Stoneware. Item arrrived on ahead of time and in good conditions at a great low price
Great!. This is great, and for only $2.99. My son loves it. Perfect size to take on road trips
My kitchen's all-around workhorse. This is the most versatile pot I own. I'm always astounded at the price of good kitchen items nowadays, but in this case, I will grudgingly admit that it's worth it. The smooth, rounded sides make it good for any kind of sauce, the width allows for corn on the cobs and even those long hot dogs, and the heat distribution is good. The lid fits down into the pan, reducing the amount of water needed. As another reviewer wrote: Kitchen Aid got it right with this one
Lace needs Ironing With Starch. An excellent buy. Soft and thin for Summer use. After washing and promptly removing from drier, I immediately noticed that the sheets needed some ironing. Ironing alone didn't take out the wrinkles on the beautiful Butterfly Lace; however, with a little starch, they looked great. The PillowCases needed more attention, after starch and ironing they also looked great. For those who hate ironing as I do; here is a short-cut...iron only the sections visible for the flat sheet and the bottom end. The section in the middle won't be visible. I didn't I iron the fitted sheet. The sheets are soft even with the starching. But if you don't iron at all, then 100% cotton is not your best bet. Overall I found this to be an excellent buy
A Nice Simple Design. Nice, retro design- really great colors (I opted for the apple green). My only wish is that it were a bit more powerful. It is perfect for making smoothies, which was why I bought it
49erbabe. Don't hesitate to buy this light weight blanket.  It is wonderfully made; the reason I'm giving it a 5 rating is that it fits my California King bed.  I've looked high and low to find a blanket that fits....this one does!  Buy this blanket with confidence.  Deffinately a great find on Amazon, and the price wasn't bad either
Fantastic Waffles. This waffler makes some great waffles.  No need to go to go the restaurant anymore for waffles
my Shih Tzu loves this toy. I believe this is the "bobo" toy from the petco commercials with the dachshund weiner-dog.  Regardless, my dog loves it.  it squeaks and throws easily.  Though I'm not sure what they mean about a back scratcher.  It's not that rough.  It's too small for most larger breeds though.
believing in our water. Our family lived for many years in a Central American country where the water was iffy. We became Brita users then in the remote hope that it would keep some of the bad stuff our of our stomachs.Now, living in Indianapolis where the water is pure but hard, we drink from water poured through the Brita Water Filtration Pitcher in order to filter out some of the minerals that make water 'hard'.Although I am not persuaded that we have taken great scientific leaps forward towards water purity, my wife assures me that this is progress. Therefore, I try to drink water only out of the BritaI can say that it's not an inconvenient little contraption. It's easy both to fill the Pitcher and to pour from it, though you'll likely suffer a few wet countertops before you learn to wait for the water in the newly-filled pitcher to settle.I am told by my devoted spouse that we are loyal Brita customers for the long haul. She knows about these things.Do drink up
A MUST-HAVE for aquariums. This powerhead is a great thing to have for your aquarium if the tank is between 55-90 gallons.  It really packs a punch for its size, and has the capacity to move a lot of water fairly quickly.  It can also be used in smaller aquariums too, because the waterflow on this powerhead is ADJUSTABLE (a feature that is rarely seen on other powerheads) - it can filter 300 g.p.h. or adjusted to filter only a trickle.  So this can be a used in aquariums under 55 gallons too.This also has another unique feature - a REVERSE-FLOW option - so the powerhead can also take water from close to the surface and move it through the gravel in the opposite direction.  Whichever method of gravel filtration you prefer, this powerhead can accommodate you.It comes with tubes that provide for the option of additional airation through the spout.  So if you have a big aquarium loaded with oxygen hungry fish, these powerheads can provide lots of water surface agitation, water airation with bubbles, or you can just omit the bubbles entirely and stick with undergravel filtration only.You can also buy attachable power filters to this separately - no need to invest in expensive poewr filters and powerheads separately - just buy this item and the attachable power filters and you're set for a powerhead / power filter in the same unit to clean up and polish your aquarium water.  Look for the AQUA CLEAR Large Quick Filter and the Large Quick Filter Cartidges for this purpose.I've been involved with aquariums for over 16 years, and this is one of the finest accessories for an aquarium I've ever had.  If you're considering ornamental fish as a hobby, I heartily recommend this powerhead.  It is powerful, quiet, and gives your options of reverse flow and adjustable waterflow.Be advised on one thing - when the powerhead is operating in reverse flow, small fins like guppies can get stuck to the plastic grid from which water flows into the powerehead - and never escape.  So this item is better suited to larger fish when using the reverse flow feature.  But it's adjustability enables you to slow the waterflow to a trickle for a powerhead that does not promote too much water turbulation for smaller fish
not bad. This works great on tile grout! it would be nice if it worked good on the glass shower doors but it didn'tNot bad for the price. It does take a long time to get the job done.
Corelle livingware is the best. These plates met my expectations and then some.I have purchased Corelle in the past.That has been almost twenty years ago.Corelle livingware never dies.I purchased these dishes simply because I wanted to change my kitchen decor. The plate set looks great and I received a great price
Bring a cool breeze to where you are going. I HAD to review this after reading the only other review for this fan. I am certain I have reviewed this fan for Amazon before, but for some reason don't see it here. I use two of these fans to move air around in my 20x10 Swiss Gear tent while camping in Texas. It is made from plastic and like all other plastic products, it is breakable if you muscle your way to using it wrong, but usage is fairly straight forward. To open the leg, simply swing it down from the back of the fan on its hinge. Opening the battery compartment is fairly simple as well if you understand what lock, and unlock icons mean. The fan moves LOTS of air, and the ones I own have taken plenty of abuse being tossed into and out of the back of my truck for the last two years. My only complaint with them is the battery compartment cover is a little tough to get back on until you figure out exactly how it works, and on high it will suck an expensive set of D cell batteries down in 24 hours. If you use these a lot, I would STRONGLY recommend getting a couple of sets of rechargable D cells and a charger, OR getting the model with the built in rechargable batteries. I like that this model is also available with a transformer that you can use to run it off of 110v power, which makes camping in sites with electricity much less of a drain in the wallet! I rated this fan a 5 as I feel it is the best of its breed. It is NOT to be compared to a corded box fan or anything like that since you do different things with them. But this fan is the absolute best of its kind that I have tried. I have used several different models from Coleman, this thing moves so much more air that there really is no comparison. The Coleman fans simply do not move air like this thing does..
Doesn't do everything, but isn't bad. I started using the flat ice cream scoops a few years ago, and while they DO work better scooping ice cream away from the sides of the box, I kinda miss the nice round scoops!  Anyways, this particular scoop is pretty good, although slightly TOO flat - ice cream slides easily off the edge if you're not careful!  It does scoop all ice creams I've tried very well and I have no complaints, though I doubt the liquid handle thing did much.  My only issue - it can't go in the dishwasher!  It does clean easily though, but I prefer to toss stuff in the dishwasher when I can
STURDY. Everything always breaks when it hits my tile floors, but not these bowls, they simply bounce to a halt.  The rubber bottom helps to stabilize them when mixing.  The colors hold up to the dishwasher
One of the best products ever. This product gets my vote as being one of the most useful appliances one can ever own.  We have a lot of kitty litter that needs to be sweeped off our kitchen floor, as well as typical array of dust and food particles that get down there.  I have a bad back so prefer not to bend down to use a sweeping pan, and did not want to get a heavy vacuuming stick to slog around either.  With this device I just use my regular old fashioned sweeper and tuck the crud into the intake chamber of the Sweepeze.  Sensor automatically sucks all that in.  It's powerful enough to take in big pieces of kitty litter without a sweat.  Unit hides unobtrusively into a corner.If I had known this product exited earlier I would have got one years ago.  It's a lifesaver
Dog safety lights. These are great!  They are colorful, attach easily to the collars, have great visability and best of all, the battery is replaceable so that you don't have to keep purchasing new lights.I highly recommend them
I'm out of produce :(. This juicer is fantastic. I couldn't believe how inexpensive it was and was actually rather apprehensive when it arrived. I plugged it in and juiced half of my fridge. It was so good that I just juiced the other half.
lite and easy..I paid 7.99.in Dec-06-.Now its $12.99 WOW/WHY?. I'm up dateing this !I bought more of these boards in Dec-06 for $7.99 free shipping, now its $12.99 Why??If you look around here, I just saw where you can buy all 3 sizes of these boards for, $19.99 ! 2-27.07...I love to use these cutting boards, but after owning them for over a year, I notice they do have allot of cuts in them..I have read that now its not antibacteria safe!I put them in the dishwasher anyways though..For the price of 12.99  it can add up buying a few of these at a time, and I got free shipping on mine from Amazon ..This cutting board is lite and easy to handle, So glad I bought it from what a reviewer had to say..Thank you-o)After useing this cutting board, I won't go back to the heavy wood boards or other heavy plastic boards, Why?I personally would not want to use this for a serving tray.I don't think it's that good looking to use for a serving tray, not even to take outside, it's also kind of slippery on the top, but doesn't slip on my Granite Counters.But as a cutting board, it's wonderful.This board does not have that ridge that goes around it for the water or juice, so you have the whole board for cutting.The board sloops up all around, when I'm cutting veggies it keeps the water from going over the edge.The sides keep the food from falling off.The veggies just go into the pot, with out falling over the sides.I do not have a problem as one reviewer said about the slooping up sides getting in the way of chopping.Maybe I use a smaller knife then she/he does!I put this in the dishwasher, it comes out without any stains, or smells . It also washes up nice if you don't have a dishwasher.This board is not a beauty, but it doesn't have to be, it just does what its suppose too. Makes chopping not such a chore, and easier.I will be buying more of these, and for the price, I think its a steal...((I'm only talking about the rectangle one.))
Great starter set without any of the dangerous chemical and metals issues other have. I bought this set after the recent issues with Teflon. I did my research on all non-Teflon items and decided upon iron cast pans as the Aluminum pans do give off some aluminum into the food and may (key word here is may) contribute to Alzheimer's (according to some), and the Stainless steel gives off chromium and nickel into the foods, both of which I am allergic too. Pure copper with no aluminum is extremely expensive; a good set of a few items are $600+. There are also ceramic glass pots and pants made by Corning/Pyrex called Visionware (also known as Visions) that can be found on eBay (and a few are left here on Amazon) as they are no longer in production. Finally, there are also items made of ceramics and clay that should be safe alternativesThe items have been great so far, however, you will really want to do some research in google (or any other search engine) on how to care for them as there are some things that you really shouldn't do such as rinse a very hot pan in cold water (it will crack or break) etc. In addition, you will also want to so some research on how to "season" them which makes them very close to being non-stick (you basically smear them with an oil than can take high temperatures and "bake" the pans for an hour at 350 degrees Fahrenheit). I did this and I just made eggs from eggbeaters without any oil which always used to stick in my nonstick Teflon pan, but very little stuck in my seasoned cast iron pan.The downsides are that the handle can get hot when it is left on the stove for long period of time and that you cannot stick the pan into the dishwasher (and I tried....it will come out a little bit rustier-but the little rust does come off very easily). The sizes are also a little bit on the smaller side for me. So I think I will buy one more in a larger size.The upsides are price, no chemicals (except for some iron) in your food, easy to care for, and very non stick when seasoned. This is a great starter set
Works Incredibly Well -- Worth It for An Annual/Biannual Cleaning. I'd tried vinegar to clean my zojirushi 3 qt device. It didn't work too well.But this stuff is great!! It only takes about 20 minutes and all that nasty junk on the bottom of the water tank comes off. (I did have to rinse the inside of the device once to get the stuff that had come off the sides, but didn't dissolve enough to go out through the dispenser.)Make sure you order enough for the size of your dispenser. 3 qts needs 3 packets
Must Have for Calphalon Cookware. If you want to keep your cookware looking like brand new, you really should use this cleaner. Nothing else I have tried works as well. When you use  Dormand cleaner, then rinse the pot in warm water, the water does not stay on the pot and it dries spot free and looks like the day you bought it
Makes Clean up a Snap!!!. I have never been so happy to clean the litter box! To be honest I'm not a hundred percent sure how this ingenious contraption works but it absolutely lives up to its promise.  You roll the top to the floor, roll it back, slightly tilt it and pull out the tray and you are done.  In total it takes about 20 seconds to do and is super effective.If you were like me and avoided cleaning the litter box or it use to be a messy ordeal just buy this and you will solve all your future headaches
Fiesta Ware. I have used the same Fiesta Ware for the last 12 years and I have not broken a piece yet!  Even when my 2 teenage boys were babies, and doing dishes, a piece may have slipped out of their hands, but nothing was ever broken.  This shows how durable the Fiesta Ware really is.  I would highly recommend Fiesta Ware to everyone of all ages.  I own 3-20 piece settings at the present time and plan on expanding.  I like the fact that you can collect all different colors and it looks great!  I will be ordering more for when my 2 boys go to college.  I plan on ordering my mother a 20 piece set for her birthday.  I love it and I know you would toooo
Great product. this product is great the lids are handy when cooking food you need to drain. It is a easy clean up. great product
A Pleasure To Use. I recently purchased this knife after reading the glowing reviews here on Amazon and whole-heartedly agree with all of the accolades bestowed by other reviewers.  Your lumberjack days of sawing through vegetables are over.  This knife is razor sharp; slicing through potatoes, carrots, even squash, is effortless.  I also appreciate the asthetic blade, the ergonomic D shaped handle, and the weight of the knife.  It puts all the other knives in my drawer -- also fine knives -- to shame.  You owe it to yourself to invest in this knife if you are a serious cook.  Chopping, mincing, and dicing with the Shun is nearly effortless so why labor any more than is neccesary with your old knife
I love it. Anything by Le Creuset is worth the price.  This skillet is just the right size for my stove top...and, it's only one I could find that is good for any stove type.  I highly recomend it, and any of their products for fabulous cooking result
KitchenAid Mixer. This product meets any expectations I had for a stand mixer.  Previously I was using a hand mixer for nearly all needs, and have found the Kitchenaid to make the task so much easier.  Hands free operation is wonderful.  Clean up is easy, and it has enough power to mix a large batch of cookie dough!
FIESTA!. Perfect size bowls for fruit and maybe a side dish for those of you who don't like their food all running together on your plate.  Good for snacks like pudding and jello.  Also good for anyone who wants salad dressing on the side ~ nice and shallow for spooning out the dressing.  Plus it won't take up alot of space on your table.  This is a very nice color
great for the price. couldn't pass this one up at the low price-think it was around 14.99. they are thinner than my other sheets but overall very soft. Well worth the price
duvet cover. I was pleased with the trueness of color and the quality of this duvet cover.  It is great! And a good buy too.  When you order the shams with it, you get free shipping which is a plus
Excellent bookcase--looks nice, but no assembly required. I really like this bookcase.  It is attractive, and easy to set up.Simply fold the shelves into place.  Although it is easy to set up, it is pretty sturdy.  There are spaces in the back that items could fall through, but there are wood slats to hold books in place.  I also like the size of the bookcase: it is not too wide but holds a lot because it is tall, and the mission sides are nice
Excellent. Positives-I've had the steam press for about one year now. I use it 5 days a week to iron my dress shirts, and my pants that don't have creases. I love it. I press the front of both long sleeves, and both front panels and I'm done. Heat time takes about 4-5 minutes, pressing a long sleeve shirt takes about 30 seconds to 1 minute; much faster than old fashion ironing. It is powerful enough; plenty hot and steam. Shipping was fast.Negative-It's not good to press the creases on pants. You have to line up the crease twice, below the knee and above due to the platform being only 25 inches long. If I don't get it just right it will make a new crease. If your pants don't have creases, it's fast. I may buy a pants press in the near future.
2nd purchase after 8 years of GREAT popcorn. This is the 2nd purchase of a Whirley-Pop.  I've gotten spoiled by how good it is because movie theater popcorn tastes gross to me now -(strange coating on tonge). I pop my own and smuggle it in. The recipes that come with it are also fabulous. My family likes the "Sweet Touch" recipe that adds 4 tablespoons of sugar to the oil, popcorn and salt.
Love love love it!. I received this tomato pot for my wedding last year, and it has not yet been put into my cupboard. I keep it out on my stove!I have made rice, potatoes, soup and sauces in it ... all to perfection. It really works and I have no complaints with it. It was actually my favorite gift, looking back. And the one I have used the most.I plan to collect as many Le Creuset items as I can ... they are beautiful, durable ... and I remember coveting my roommate's when we were in college.For the reviewer who can't believe people pay $100 for a casserole dish: What about as a nice gift for someone who will treasure it forever
Wonderful light. I've enjoyed reading a book with this light and using it to draw pictures during the night.  For books, it's more than enough light and is great at helping to hold the pages in a book while reading and the curved grip allows unheld pages to rest on top of it without bending them.For drawing with a clipboard, it lights up about 3/4 of an 8.5x 11 sheet of paper with it set close to the paper.  Raise it a little and the light disperses enough to light the entire sheet of paper.  Not as bright the second way, but bright enough to use pencil lead on white paper.I'm loving my new light, and so is my husband.  No more bright lights when he's trying to sleep :
Griddler. I bought this remanufactured grill last month and it arrived in brand-new condition.  I have used it a number of times and am very pleased with it so far.  I have been hand washing the grill plates after reading about them peeling after a year. I am being very careful with them.  This is definitely easier to clean than the Deni I had before
A really good carpet pad. I bought the Tiger Grip on recommendation from the specialty store where I bought the rug. The price from the Home Decorators collection was cheaper than the sale price of the store, therefore I decided to purchase from them. It arrived promptly in the right size and works wonderful - the carpet does not move or slide even with several little kids running over it. I am now thinking of upgrading my other carpet pads to Tiger Grip pads. Make sure to purchase the right size for your carpet, the pad is so thick that it would be difficult to cut to size at home.
Fabulous Popcorn. We love the popcorn from this popper!  We had eaten popcorn from it at a friend's house several times, then treated ourselves to our own popper.  The popcorn is divine, and really doesn't need any butter, as it stays moist and flavorful.You can also make wonderful kettle corn in it.  Yum
great apron. I like this apron a lot!!  Comfortable, nice cut and doesn't look like a granny piece!!  Washes nicely
Love it!. I bought this mixer for my dad. I have a Kitchenaid but the reviews liked this model better for bread making, my dad's passion, I agree. He is really happy with it and I used it last weekend and I love it. It is great and bonus, $100 cheaper than the Kitchenaid. It would be nice if it had the capability for some grinder, pasta, etc, attachments but really, I buy my sausage and pasta so.....
GREAT PRODUCT!. THIS IS A GREAT LITTLE MACHINE.  IT'S VERY SIMPLE, EASY, AND QUICK TO USE.  JUST POP IN YOUR GARLIC BULBS AND TURN IT ON.  IT ROASTS THE GARLIC TO PERFECTION AND IT JUST POPS RIGHT OUT OF THE SKINS!  IT'S VERY SLICK!  IF YOU LOVE GARLIC, YOU'LL LOVE THIS! IT'S A KEEPER
A great deal. Roomy, sturdy, well made and attractive.  I am very pleased with this item.  It exactly matches my Ocean Breeze place settings
Back to Basics Home Canning Kit. This is a great buy and the quality is great the shipping cost is a little pricey but I am very satisfied.Thank you
Great value and a new approach to knife storage. Powerful magnet takes the wooden knife block off the counter and displays your knives like works of art.  You can put them up wet and not worry about mold growing in a knife block.  Tested it with a heavy trowel, and see potential for tool storage.  Thin knives can overlap and still stick tight to the monster magnet.
cozy duvet covers...yummm. I was pleasantly surprised by the quality and feel of the flannel used to make these duvet covers.  The fabric pattern is playful and quite appealing. My boys (2 and 4 years old)absolutely love them.
Helps keep litter off the floor!. The reason I bought this mat was for exactly that! Helping to keep litter from the general area of the litter pan. I think it must be far more  comfortable for my cats then standing on scattered litter. However, you know felines! One of my cats is Afraid to step on it but steps Over it. It is comfortable on their pads. I actually use one outside my apartment door with a bed for strays on top. It's just the right size and the bed never gets wet or dirty this way. Glad I got two
outdoor furniture. I had read reviews about the set I ordered and was kind of hesistant because it sounded like everyone was having a hard time setting it up.  But we liked the style and decided to order the Mooreana Deep Seating Set. My husband was out of town and we were having a party that weekend it arrived but luckily my 19 year old son was home from college for the summer and I tried to tell him it was going to be hard and it needed two people to put it together and I also needed to go out of town but lo and behold he did it by himself in about 4-5hours and he said it was not a problem at all.  And I was out of town when he put it together.  So needless to say we are enjoying it alot
As wonderful as expected. This pan lives up to the high quality I've come to expect from Lodge.
Legendary For A Reason. I'm quite sure that my dog - a large Border Collie mix - loves his Kong more than he loves me. I fill it with peanut butter and let him spend a happy hour slurping it out; I stuff a large treat inside and watch him puzzle over how to free it; I simply throw and bounce it around for him to chase. It's funny looking and a little hard to clean (though it does go in the dishwasher!), but it's pure doggie joy, and at a great price. If my dog ever manages to chew this one up, he'll get another
good product. I have owned this product for about a year and a half now and it still is holding up nicely.  It was easy to put together and it works great for sorting my laundry and drying clothes hanging from the bar.  The top shelf is sturdy and holds my iron and a pile of clothes to be ironed.  This products gets continually rolled around my basement on uneven floor and I have not had any problems with it at all.  If you are looking for this type of item, this one has been a good investment for me
Quick, tasty results!. The juiceman professional 410 is perfect for the novice juicer.  Although it is a bit loud, you can very quickly make juice!I've juiced apples, beets, grapes (large seeded grapes), pears, oranges (peeled because I don't like the taste of orange peel!), strawberries (stem and all!), bananas, peaches (sans seed), tomatoes, cantalope, & pineapple with NO trouble at all.  However, the chute is a bit small to take whole appless so I usually cut larger fruit in 4ths & get it all in a bowl - ready to feed into the chute!It pulverizes and strains the fruit very quickly. Three small apples makes about 8-10 oz of juice!  I also pour about 1/4 cup of water into the chute while the juicer is on to "clean out" the juice feed (make sure all the juice gets into my cup).Sometimes I feel like some of the juice is being wasted because the pulp is a bit wet.  The pulp would be a great snack for parrots or iguanas or to throw in a compost pile.Cleanup is very easy, I usually just remove and rinse the parts.I am very satisfied with this juicer and would recommend it to anyone!
Tea Rose Platter. What a beautiful platter -- exactly what I had in mind!  It arrived very quickly and was impressively packaged.  I highly recommend this seller
Get this Before Considering a Honing Steel. If your knives are dull, chances are you need to sharpen them before you need to hone them.  Get a diamond-impregnated steel such as this one.  This steel will quickly sharpen your knives.  Don't try to sharpen your knives with the honing steels that come with most knive sets or that are popularly available or you'll wreck the honing steel as well as waste a lot of elbow grease.  They say to use a steel at least as long as your knife.  I don't have any 12&quot; knives, but I like the little extra room for error..
Great Spoon/Scraper. Nice and solid, great wooden spoon with added benefit of straight edge for scraping. Combine with dish towels for a nice hostess gift
My friend is happy and they look really nice. I bought these for my friend's birthday, and they look beautiful. They seem like they are very high quality
Nice!. Well, this was very expensive for a dish rack, but I have to admit that it is very well designed. Plenty of space for glasses, cups, plates, nice cutlery compartments, stylish... If you don't mind the price tag (same price everywhere by the way), it's a great buy
Pleasantly surprised. I was apprehensive about ordering the hutch, since many of the guest reviews were negative.  But the hutch arrived at my house undamaged and it looks great
Easy to Use. These grinders are easy to use, even for children or people with small hands. They can be used one-handed unlike the twist-style grinders. They produce more than adequate volume for use at the table or for small amounts to use in cooking
Best Buy!!. These are wonderful glasses!  They are elegant,  every glass of wine becomes a wine tasting experience.  Definitely worth the price and they make great gifts
Simply the best knives ever made. The Henckels Four Star High Carbon Stainless Steel knives are absolutely the best knives I have ever used.  They have perfect balance and a cutting edge that is second to none
Just as I remembered!. Just like the home made ice cream we used to have at my mother's house.  Your recipe in the booklet is great and even freezes well.  The freezer is well made and performs beautifully.  Just like the one we had growing up only ELECTRIC.  Well worth the money and great service from AMAZON
I scream, you scream, we all scream for ice cream!. This is quite simply the best ice cream scoop ever made.  My prior favorite was an ice cream scoop by Tupperware, but this Kitchen Aid ice cream scoop takes the cake and makes serving ice cream effortless.  It's sturdy, it's big and it cuts through hard ice cream without any problems.  I have the red one and the color is beautiful.  Go ahead and buy one, you won't be disappointed and it will be the last ice cream scoop you will ever have to buy (unless you lose it)
Perfect Froth - Krups. Works fine -- was a replacement for one that went down the garbage disposal.  But the shipping charges almost equaled the price of the purchase.
Great Sheets. Wow are these some soft sheets, even straight out of the package. After I washed them they came out soft and not wrinkled. They dried well and held their shape. Very nice
Great For People With Small Hands. Every knife I've ever had always felt too big. When a knife is too big for your hand you're not in complete control of the blade.  That can cause accidents-cut fingers, and it just slows you down when you'd like to cut things up in a hurry.  Well this knife is just the right size for someone with small hands.  The length and weight are in perfect balance. This is a great knife
Great alternative to KitchenAid Cover. The cover fits my 4.5 qt KitchenAid mixer with plenty of room to spare.  It is white with black piping.  The cover looks nice and keeps the dust off my mixer for a much cheaper price than the KitchenAid cover
Arrived Damaged - Sanyo's fault of poor packaging. The fridge seems to cool really well, and is built solid. I put in milk and had the cooling setting near max and it froze my milk. So I've now turned down the cool setting. This proves it can really cool well. Much better than those low end 'hot-cool' mini fridges.The only problem is the packaging. It's not Amazon's fault - it's Sanyo's fault. The packing is laughable. There's a couple of corner styrofoam pieces of less than 1/2 inch thick trying to protect this fridge. It isn't going to work!Mine came damaged like everyone else's, but it is still usable
Good purchase. I was a little apprehensive after reading some customer experiences. Luckily, my Dyson arrived in perfect shape.  It was fairly easy to assemble.  The only weird thing is when you switch it on and have it in upright position, the way it's made, the airflow comes out near the handle.  It doesn't affect the functionality of the machine and, as you get to see how the extensions fit together and work, it's simply ingenious!  They've done an excellent job putting this together.  Also, I'm really glad that Dyson made it to the US.  Some other companies here ripped him off, and I'm glad the ORIGINAL cyclonic vaccuum cleaner is on the market here.  (No, I don't work for them, I used to live in the UK and know his story).  It doesn't bother me that the vaccuum head will only go flush underneath couches - just use the extensions!  The amount of very fine particles and fibres it sucks up is amazing.  I got at least half a canister full after freshly cleaning with my old vaccuum cleaner.  My daughter has allergies, so this will make a difference, I'm sure.  The only negative is that the unit falls over fairly easily.  It's a very small price to pay, and I would thoroughly recommend it
Queen Comforter by Tommy Hilfinger. This comforter was more than I expected! It is light-weight, yet very warming, and comfortable.  The color is very vibrant, and actually can be reversible to a softer yellow, if desired.  For the price, I feel I got an amazing deal!! My husband was even impressed, and it takes a lot to impress him.  I definintely would recommend this comforter
Mine was a hand me down and has never leaked. I cannot believe the reviews that say that the pitcher leaks.  I mean I do, but I got my pitcher from a friend a couple of years ago and it has never leaked.  I am a full fledged clutz too.  I have moved it into 3 houses with it too.It has just been the handiest thing to use to put water in the coffee maker with due to the small pointy spout.  I will agree with another person who said that the angle of it is weird and the water can spill out the back.  On the other hand, if it is not done filtering all the water you can still pour a glass of water without getting the unfiltered water gushing out the top spout as I recall the Brita did.One other point, when the filters are new or medium used, the water filters pretty darn fast.
Awesome!. I love this skillet!  It's huge and cleans up extremely easily!  I fried chicken in it and it fried quickly and evenly!  I LOVE IT!  I bought two...one for now and one for later
I love these curtains!. They are beautiful wisteria lace with delicate detail. The quality is very impressive and I love my curtains!!!!
Beautiful... This item was a steal for the money - excellent color ("chestnut" very vibrant, very luxurious looking), very nice quality - true to size.  By the time I wanted to purchase more as gifts - the price had increased. (I paid $19.99).  One of my smartest buys here at Amazon
Gift. This timer was a Christmas gift for Mom. She loved it. She thought it was very cute
Great little vacuum!. I love this little machine! I've had older Electrolux vacuums in the past which were heavy and cumbersome, especially when using them on stairs. This little egg-shaped vacuum manuevers very easily and it is lightweight and very quiet for a vacuum.What I like most about it is the strong suction. This is the first vacuum I have ever had that picks everything up on the first pass. The bags are easy to change and because of the little flap that slides closed, the dust stays in the bag while changing.I am buying a second one for our summer camp
Perfect Little Dehumidifier!. I bought this to use in the space under my kitchen sink because I wanted to get rid of the musty smell coming from there.  It's been fantastic.  I don't have to hold my breath anymore when I need to reach in for dish soap.  I just empty the water that collects in the resevoir thing every once in a while.  There is a little light that comes on to remind me that I need to do it.  It came with a car adapter so I'll run it in my minivan to get rid of the damp smell my car has after I left the moon roof cracked open when it rained
Great bowl. I have this bowl and the smaller one. They are perfect bowls for mixing. The rubber base really helps the bowl stay put. I was them in the dishwasher without any problems
excellent quality!. I'm very pleased with these measuring cups. Long enough handles, sturdy construction and heavy weight metal. I even use them to melt butter on the stovetop. If you want the 2/3 and 3/4 cup measures, get the 7 piece set. For my purposes the 5 piece set is just fine.
Better than a butter bell. This butter keeper has more capacity than a Butter Bell, more easily containing a stick of butter.  Best of all, the butter doesn't get moldy -- contrary to my experience with the Butter Bell, even when washed frequently in a dishwasher.  I appreciate this butter keeper's contemporary look, though one must take care not to break the external glass
Great Everyday Glassware. I Bought this set to replace a broken champagne glass.They are more solidly built than other glassware/flutes -which is great since they have less chance of breaking.The real bonus is that they are dishwasher safewhich saves having to hand-wash them...
Good Cooking. Wok cooks fine. It replaced a many year old West Bend wok that the coating was wearing out, but still working fine.A great way to cook tasty, healthy food. It gets used at least once a week
Miele Canister Vacuum Cleaner. There are times in your life when you discover that there was something better out there than what you have been used to. The Miele is one of those products that makes you realize that whatever you were using before was an inferior machine. Its lightness and maneuverablity are enough to recommend it  but it also has superior suction and a very quiet motor. This is one fine german import.
Good product, needs salt!. We opened it up and mixed up a batch of dough right away.  The cookies were good, but not great.  Careful inspection and comparison to the pizelle recipe in "Baking with Julia" revealed that the recipes that came with the product did not include salt.  Perhaps they assume you are using salted butter.  The recipe in the Julia Child book adds a pinch of salt to the recipe made with unsalted butter.It took a little practice to get the right amount of dough on the griddle.  Once cooked, the cookies slide right off; I just used a heatproof silicone spatula to give them a nudge onto the cooling rack.It is tough to try molding the little cookies into bowls or cones.  Tuiles or "Pringle" shapes might be ok, though
Superb. You get what you pay for now days. It is all heavy duty construction, with stainless, coated cast iron, and cast aluminum. You will buy ten cheep ice cream makers and ware them out before the White Mountain is even broke in good. I highly recomend it
Jura Gonna Love It !!. First - there is no doubt that this is a very expensive purchase, but if you have two Starbucks drinkers in the house it's worth consideration.  After I determined that the ROI (given our SBUX frequency) on this machine was 3 years, we purchased our first machine (The Capresso 3000) about 4 years ago.  It was love at first drink.  We went from stopping for coffee every morning on the way to the office, to making it at home with some great to-go cups we purchased at Costco.  When the C3000 finally broke, we boxed up the machine and took it right back to Williams Sonoma (sorry Amazon) and they happily took it back and upgraded us to the Z5 for the difference between what we paid for the first unit and the price of the new Z5 (about $350).We love the Z5 !!  My husband is a "straight" coffee guy, but I am a late girl who loves the how easy it is to hook up the milk container and make my late with the push of a button.  I also purchased Starbuck vanilla syrup so I can make my own Vanilla Late's at home.If you have the disposable income to consider this, it is a great machine.  After reading the customer service stories in previous reviews, I would consider buying from Williams Sonoma who offers a lifetime guarantee on anything purchased through them.  When my $2,699 Capresso failed after 4 years, they took it back without question and upgraded me to the Z5.  Through the entire process they just thanked me for my business.  I am a customer for life and can't say enough about how much we love this coffee machine !
Good replacement carafe. This is a good replacement carafe.  The original was nicer though, to bad it shattered.  This one fits well but has a little drip when pouring, if you perfect your pour you can get it to not drip.  This will break, as mine is already in the garbage.  Amazon's price is the best.  Love the Free Super Saver Shipping!
Love this popper!. I love this popper. I adore my stir-crazy popper, but it takes longer than throwing this in the microwave. This popcorn is PERFECT in texture, and I have not had any trouble with the bowl being hot at all. It cleans easily in the dishwasher as well. All in all, a wonderful popper.
super sweet deal. This blanket is awesome.  It's perhaps the best deal I've gotten on amazon, and they are selling like hotcakes!  Other similar style blankets cost 2x as much and don't offer the same pretty color selections. It's warm, lightweight, super soft and cozy.  I bought several in the twin size for throws, cause my husband is over 6' and complained about our regular sized throws.  The twin size still looks small enough when neatly folded on a couch, so it was a great compromise.  I have to admit, I use them just as much as he does!  The plum color is beautiful-i got 2- and goes great with our sage colored couch. I also bought one in the chocolate brown color which goes really nicely with our burgandy daybed.  It's great as a throw, for overnight guest or for yourself!  Enjoy!!  You won't be dissappointed.
Easy to replace. This Ionic Silver Stick Microbial Inhibitor was extremely simple to replace in my Air-O-Swiss humidifier.  Just take out the old one, and pop the new one in.  Couldn't be easier!These humidifiers are the best, and the cost of replacing this stick once a year and the cartridges every 3 months are well worth the completely hassle-free and quiet day-to-day use (with no buildup)
great, fun item & fast service. This is a wonderful toy for your pet and the service is very good to deal with.  The price was very reasonable, shipping cost low and item was shipped much quicker than I anticipated!  I will definately look to purchase things from them
Excellent purchase. Have used the Bosch blender for over a year now. This blender is very heavy duty and performs well. It has nice suction pads that allows it to stick to the counter without moving around. The only drawbacks I can think of is it is a little noisy when running. But the variable speed controller knob on the front works well. Also you have a reverse speed. It is a pain sometimes removing the lid. It takes alot of force to take it off and being careful not to spill any liquid if the blender is full. Wouldn't hesitate to buy another one
Warm and Toasty: what else do you want?. The only addendum I would add to the positive comments associated with this toaster oven are as follows.  For both its size (.5 cubic foot) and its utility/versatility, this machine is commendable.  No, it is not THE best appliance for any single microwave/toast/grill function, but it is reasonably good at getting all three jobs done.  As well, it is compact, while being highly stylish.  If you need stellar toast functioning, get a toaster oven in the line of the $280+ Franklin Chef toaster oven.  If you need maximum microwaving, get a commercial grade $1000+ panasonic 1200 watt microwave.  But if you need an all-in-one, space-saving, reheat food, grill some bruschetta, pop-some-popcorn with a reliable (and I might add very sexy stainless/black) micro/toaster, all for under $150 bucks, well this is your guy.  It's all about reasonable cooking expectations that are commensurate with low prices.  This dude delivers on both
FIESTA!. Perfect size bowls for fruit and maybe a side dish for those of you who don't like their food all running together on your plate.  Good for snacks like pudding and jello.  Also good for anyone who wants salad dressing on the side ~ nice and shallow for spooning out the dressing.  Plus it won't take up alot of space on your table.  This is a very nice color
GREAT MINI VAC. This has great power and much better than those cordless vacs which you will have to throw away after a year or so
I LOVE THIS BOWL. I loved the review that said I can make oatmeal and it doesn't boil over in the microwave.  So true!  That is exactly what I was looking for and I found it!  I love that this is big enough for oatmeal, soup, chili etc. and no worries about spilling.  It is the perfect size large enough and yet not so huge that it is not useful.  I also love the color.  It is so cheerful and inviting - just the right shade - not too dark or too light.  I bought two persimmon and two sunflower and everyone wants to use them including our children.  I wish I had bought more.
Pizzaz is awesome!!!!!!!!!!!!!!. I was concerned about dead counter space when buying this item.  I was very wrong!!  You cannot go wrong with this item as it does not require preheating the oven + it cooks pizza an average of 4 minutes quicker than the oven.  The Pizzas taste better because they are evenly heated.  (this is my first Amazon rating after being a consumer for over 5 years
Comfortable pillow. I like this pillow with memory foam. So does my neck. The only problem is it is a little small. Sometimes I just rolled out of it.
Buy it for counting steps, not for listening to radio. I bought this device one week ago and I like it a lot. It counts steps pretty accurately, I measured it three time and I got the following results: 401/400, 101/100 and 897/900. The first number is what it showed, the second what I walked. Basically accuracy at 1% or better, which is exceptional for this price. I use the least sensitive setting.The backlight is very nice and by tilting the device a bit more one can see the display clearly at night. The clamshell design is also nice and practical, avoiding pressing buttons accidentaly (and resetting for example a day's steps).Now, do not buy this device for the FM radio. The reception is pretty poor and the quality of sound when you get a signal is what you would expect from a device costing as much as this. Plus I guess it will deplete the batteries much faster than just the pedometer function. I do not know if the other device of the same company with the calorie meter uses the same mechanism, but probably it would be more practical and for the same price provide something more.In conclusion, this device has a good price for what it gives, although there are accurate pedometers with less money that someone can buy, but definately do not seem as sturdy. Personally I like this device a lot and I highly recommend it (pending of course to see how long it will last as well as how long it takes to change batteries)
My cats love it. Easy to maintain. The fountain is very easy to clean and mantain. My cats love it
Excellent crate!. Easy to assemble and this crate is a perfect replacment home for any pets on the go.The only problem is that you can't hold a fan on the side like a medal crate.
GRAN PRODUCTO. ME ENCANTAN LOS PRODUCTOS DE BODUM, COMPLETE CON ESTAS CUCHARAS MI JUEGO DE CUBIERTO
20 Q is a blast for all ages. I purchased this product as a fun Christmas gift for my husband.  Since then, everyone in the whole family has been having a ball with it from my 56 year old father to my 4 year old niece.  It is truely an amazing product.  It is so small that it works great to bring along to keep kids and adults busy when the need arises.  We will be packing it for our next trip
Liddle Griddle great size. We wanted a grill that was smaller sized for the two of us, but were not able to find an affordable grill in stores.  Found this on Amazon, bought, delivered, works great, perfect size
best toy I ever bought for my cats. my cats love it.  they learned hot to spin the ball by themselves, and it's just the cutest things.  Just remember not to leave it in your bedroom, because you will be hearing it at 3AM! Lol
An Asian work of art you can enjoy without lighting it. The exotic fragrance of this tasteful ancient-looking candle arrangement fills a room with the smell of traditional temple incense, without the smoke or fire hazard.  Everytime I walk by it, I can't help but inhale deeply and enjoy the beauty and scent of it.  I enjoy collecting candles and making candle gardens.  After the first one arrived, I quickly ordered another set online.  WHY WOULD ANYONE BURN THIS?  Buy some individual candles to light instead
just like temperpedic!!!!!!!!!. this mattress feels just like a temperpedic for 1/3 the price!!!  In my opinion save your money and buy this mattress......
Close to Perfect Bookcase. I love this bookcase. My only problem with it is that the bottom right side slat of wood arrived split (a bit), but it still fit together, so I kept it (excuse the rhymes, please). It's amazing that despite being somewhat broken it still holds 60 books, including some big heavy hardcovers, 20 DVDs, 3 DVD box sets, 12 videotapes, and a few pictures and knicknacks. And yet it takes up hardly any space in my tiny bedroom. Best part: the ease with which you can put it together. I have MS, so being able to put furniture together by myself is a very big deal. Highly recommended
My new shelter rescue dog loves this bed so much---I bought two!. This bed is the perfect size for my 25 lb. shelter rescue. It doesn't take up a lot of space in the family room, either. I like the natural color. I also bought one for my upstairs computer room. He enjoys both. I like that the sides aren't too high so he can hang over the edge. And, yet it's not just a flat blanket. It's an actual bed and has a shape. I wish they made this in the exact same width except about 18-19" long, so I can put two side-by-side on the backseat of my car. Oh, well
Wok firm. They invented the warm water. It is very good to cook with WOK. It stay firm on the kitchen, very useful
Very cute and arrived in time for my parpty. Very cute and they arrived in time for my part
Hard to find favorite. I have had trouble finding this in retail stores.  This was a high quality item at a great price
Favorite kitchen knife. I use this knife more than any other in my kitchen.  It holds an edge and it's light and balanced.  Money well spent
This  is  great!!!!. My cats love this window perch so much. They sleep on it all day soaking up  the sun. This is  great it was easy  to assemble and put right to the window. Easy to clean to
foam mattress topper. if your mattress is to hard to sleep on now and you wake up with sore shoulders and hips from being to firm a mattress,,you will like the 2 inch VE foam mattress topper...it will releive a lot of discomfort you may have from trying to sleep on something too solid and hard....this product will do what it is advertised to do...Bryan
Great gadget...small and efficient. I really use this product often. Because of other reviewers, I was warned not to sit on the chop button or I would have puree quickly.  So I just pulse when I am chopping and it works great.  I like the smaller size because it is easy to get out of the cupboard and quickly set it up.  It does a much better job than my old Black and Decker mini chopper, which I loved also because of the convenience.  The blades are much better on the Cuisinart.  I'd buy it again
Perfect for Singles, Apartment Dwellers, and Couples.... Being a single person living in apartment, I am always looking for appliances that do not have a huge counter footprint and make my life quicker and easier.  This KitchenAid food processor is it.It is small enough to sit alongside my toaster and bread machine on my apartment counter.  It is also ridiculously efficient.  It comes with a 3-cup "mini" bowl at the top with its own blade for those "small chopping" tasks.  I was amazed at how quickly it chopped a small onion and a 5 oz. brick of Parmesan cheese.  I will never, ever grate another block of cheese again.  I like the way it has a 7-cup capacity for when I need quantity, but for my purposes, the 3-cup is my most used feature of this.  It has a heavy base that does not "walk" across the countertop when processing, and for the most part, it is relatively quiet.  A terrific buy.  I can't think of any cons to this little appliance and I anticipate having it for years
Good Toaster Oven. I just bought this item and it seems to work fine.  The dial toaster function is different from a push button but is is just as handy, plus you can more easily set the toast time to your preference.  Another handy feature of the timer is that it can be used as a TIMER ONLY.  Just set the temperature to zero and use the timer for up to 30 minutes, a real bonus in a small kitchen with limited counter space
These are so beautiful!. These canisters are just as pretty as pictured. The only complaint I have about them is that one of the canisters is a little bit lighter in color than the rest. And you do have to be careful if you'll be using them a lot because they chip if you don't handle the lid carefully
This is the one I always pick up... This is a great knife for the price. Sharp, well-balanced and light. I find myself using it quite often. It is the right size for all kinds of utility work and the Fibrox handle feels comfortable in my hand. Yes - it's made from a piece of stamped metal as opposed to forged but the overall quality is good. And the blade is certainly stiff enough to handle most any task. I've used many kitchen knives. Stamped knives usually seem poorly constructed to me - (even scary - I often worry about the blades snapping) - but I like these Victorinox knives. I also bought the 7" Serrated and the 8" Chefs knives. Like them all - especially considering the price..
sunbeam mixer. I am really enjoying my Sunbeam mixer. It mixes good altho I'm not to crazy about the button to raise the mixer it is a little hard to push. I would buy another one if I had to.
Better Than 5 Stars!!!!. I believe if you're serious about cooking, you should own great cookware and excellent knives.  I finally stepped up and got excellent knives.  For those who haven't heard the hype, Shun is one of the most respected knife brands in the world.  Check them out on the Web at kershawknives.com.Great features of the entire line include these cool "D" shaped handles that fit your hand better.  Each knife is made in a right- and left-handed version (chefsresource.com for lefties).  The handles are made of wood and are specially treated so they are diswasher safe!! The steel used for the blades is harder than what you would find in most other knives.  The knives are EXTREMELY sharp.   One thing to note about Asian knives is that they must be sharpened at a different angle, 16-18 degrees vs. 20 degrees for German knives.  The Shun steel takes the guesswork out of getting the angle correct because of the flat edge on one side of the metal disc below the handle.I have small hands and this knife felt perfect.  The weight was just right and it just fit well in my hand.  This knife makes quick work of everything because it is so sharp.  It is also much lighter than my previous knife, so I feel like I'm using a lot less force to slice and chop.  I have the 7" santoku as well, but this is the knife that I will use for the majority of the prep.This is an expensive, but lifetime investment.  I encourage you to visit stores and feel the knives in your hand to make sure you are comfortable with them. For more info on Shun, check out Alton Brown's website.  For ratings on various brands and types of knives, check out cooksillustrated.coms' equipment ratings.This is probably the best kitchen purchase I've made and the one I'm most proud of.
Love it. I bought this for my daughters boxer who LOVES it.  She chews it, plays with it, and carries it around.  I have 2 pugs who are not interested.  They only play with "plush" toys but, if you have a serious chewer, teething puppy or larger dog that would destroy stuffed toys this is teriffi
Family friendly. This is truly a great waffle maker to have if you have kids. They love to eat them and make their own
We are happy with this purchase. The pitcher retains the beverage temperature well. BAsed on th eonline image, we thought the colour would be a graded blue, to only discoevr the pitcher was a solid blue from top to bottom.We love the bright vibrant colour and find that it adds to our table at any meal
Danby 1805 Portable DW is worth twice the price!. I used to sell dishwashers at Sears.  I've owned several built in full sized dishwashers, even a stainless steel Bosch.  This is the first one I am 'giddy' over.I recently downsized to move to Manhattan, which meant getting a small kitchen with no dishwasher.  After months of sink washing, I broke down and bought this (Actually, a house guest felt sorry for me, and got it for me after I mentioned I was about to buy it). But not without reading all the specs and reviews.  I bought it from eTronics (I've bought from them before) and was pleased with the customer service (so far). They had the best price (no delivery charge, as they have a local store too).After unpacking and inspection, I concluded that it was built with the same specs as the top of the line Kenmore (which I used to sell).  It has a form fitting stainless steel interior, mechanical controls (which, IMO, are better than electronic on a machine that gets wet alot), well fitting seals, and stable casters.  The interior is FULL size depth and height, just 6 inches narrower in width (Another brand, which I viewed on the spot, was NOT nearly as deep, and had rickety trays).  The upper tray has two height settings, but I found the lower setting is not suitable for standard size dishes to fit below. The trays fit well, perhaps a bit too snug, but we'll see if they loosen up with use.  The tines are spaced a bit close together for my taste, but after a washing, it appears the 1805 can handle dishes so close together. There is a lower spray arm, middle spray arm and top sprayer (non-spinning).  The food filters and heating element in the base are sturdy and well made. Complaint:  The hose hook-up are 6 feet long (apparently that is measured from inside the back where they connect to the machine, as they seemed too short and the 1805 must be right up against the sink counter to hook-up.I've never had a portable before, and (with the exception of my dear grandmother) always looked down on them.  This one looks solid and has clean lines in any kitchen.  On the rear panel, however, you will see a few (covered) rivets and seams, along with the black-plastic lined hose receptable, and serial tags.  Unless you store it against a wall, you will see these protrusions.  It should fit in with all your other appliances without standing out.The standard load time took about 45 minutes to run.  The machine attaches easily to your faucet, though you do have to replace your areator with an adapter that produces a narrower stream of water from the faucet when the DW is not in use.  I've only used the "economy" cycle, which worked great, but there are also Pots and Pans, Delicate, and Rinse only cycles.  Additionally, the Delicate cycle can have a no heat option, and the Pots and Pans can have an extra boost option. It heats the water steaming hot.Very Quiet.  Though not as quiet as the Bosch I owned (which I think is quieter than a Meile), it was as quiet as my Kitchen Aid.  It was definitely quieter than all the plastic tub models out there.Though hardly used, I have experienced NO leaks.  This even was operated on a non-level floor.  My building is 110 years old and the floors are VERY slanted and swelled.  This was my biggest concern.  After each cycle, I took my flashlight and looked underneath for any signs of water....none.  (My neighbors below would not appreciate an un-requested shower).I am a penny-pincher, and stressed over the purchase.  Not because of the price, but because of the value for the price.   I couldn't believe that such an inexpensive dishwasher could deliver like this one has.I can seriously say that this dishwasher outperforms dishwashers at twice its price.  It carries an in-home 1 year warranty, but I always like stores like Sears where if you complain enough they take it back without any questions.  So this was a bit of a leap, as Danby relies on authorized service centers (of which I hope I will never use)
Sucks Like There's No Tomorrow. I received this vacuum as a gift (don't laugh, it's what I wanted).  I live alone and keep a fairly clean house but was absolutely amazed the first time I used it.  The DD Reaction has incredible sucking power.  It was unbelievable how much "gunk" it pulled out of my carpets.  Scary to think I'd been living with that stuff.  The on-board tools are easily accessible and the 32-foot cord is an added bonus. My reasoning behind a 4-star rating as opposed to 5-star is that the weight of this vacuum exceeds your average upright and the attachment hose could be longer allowing you to do an entire flight of stairs without having to move the vacuum up or down.  But, if you're looking for a vacuum that does a top-notch job and you don't mind getting a bit of a workout in the process, I highly recommend the DD Reaction.  My carpets and my abs never looked so great!
Smart, good looking shelving solution. My home office benefits from two of these bookcases, and I use them for a range of items.  They're well built, nice looking and don't dominate the room like some standard bookcases.  A great solution for me at a nice price
Aquarium Topper Cage. Great idea, but the plastic in the ramps and platforms isn't going to last much longer with my gerbils...they have chewed completely through one ramp and one platform.  This would be a much better product if the ramps and platforms were made of a different (harder) material, or of wood.  (The wood to give the gerbils something HEALTHY to chew on) Would be better if it came with an extra set of ramps and platforms until then
finally a product that shines. This deep fryer lives up to the hype. You can actually clean the old oil out completly and have a fresh container to work with on the next frying. This means everything when you are looking for that taste that comes only from fresh oil cooking.  The best i have ever used .  j
Better Than 5 Stars!!!!. I believe if you're serious about cooking, you should own great cookware and excellent knives.  I finally stepped up and got excellent knives.  For those who haven't heard the hype, Shun is one of the most respected knife brands in the world.  Check them out on the Web at kershawknives.com.Great features of the entire line include these cool "D" shaped handles that fit your hand better.  Each knife is made in a right- and left-handed version (chefsresource.com for lefties).  The handles are made of wood and are specially treated so they are diswasher safe!! The steel used for the blades is harder than what you would find in most other knives.  The knives are EXTREMELY sharp (cut myself day one).   One thing to note about Asian knives is that they must be sharpened at a different angle, 16-18 degrees vs. 20 degrees for German knives.  The Shun steel takes the guesswork out of getting the angle correct because of the flat edge on one side of the metal disc below the handle.This knife is light and just feels right in my small hands.  My old knife was 4", but the difference isn't that noticable to me.  This knife makes quick work of garlic.  It is so sharp that it seems like I just have to lay the knife against the food.This is an expensive, but lifetime investment.  I encourage you to visit stores and feel the knives in your hand to make sure you are comfortable with them. For more info on Shun, check out Alton Brown's website.  For ratings on various brands and types of knives, check out cooksillustrated.coms' equipment ratings.This is probably the best kitchen purchase I've made and the one I'm most proud of.
Ouch.. I just cut myself.. .. on this super sharp knife!  It's a great knife with good balance.  Not sure if I'd prefer one of those scalloped blades, as food does stick to the sides a lot
Great, Great, Great. This is the best kitchen appliance we own.  My wife has saved more time with this appliance.  Very strong motor, nice look.  Our garden is all choppped up
Very nice Spatula. I would give it 5 stars if the handle was more ergonomic.  I like that it can be put in the dishwasher.
Perfection. Holds everything.  Makes perfect pot roasts.  I use all clad MC2 for most cooking, but when I need to braise I use this -- I love it
Incredible!!!. My chihuahua has had chronic ear problems since he was a little puppy.  I'm not a fan of the antibiotic ointments that vets prescribe because they contain medication he doesn't need for his yeast problems.  I've tried all sorts of natural ear cleansers to no avail.  I found this product highly recommended by an online vet site so I thought I'd give it a shot.  Within 2 days his ears looked perfect...no scratching or shaking either.  It's been 3 weeks since I last put in the drops and I haven't had to worry about them since.  I honestly can't believe how well this solution works.  I'm so happy my little guy isn't feeling miserable with his ears anymore. :
Good Value. I was looking for white wine glasses within a budget.  When these glasses were delivered I was impressed with their quality.  The glasses are delicate, without being overly fragile.  After pricing other glasses from several sources, I was happy to be able to find a set of six glasses at the price usually found for four glasses of comparable quality
DebbieZ. Just got the set yesterday. LOVE IT! This was by far a super buy!  I couldn't believe that I got  all that I did for the price that I did.  It even came in earlier than expected and thats with the free shipping too!  The pattern is very subtle and elegant.  This is the first China that I have purchased and I look forward to buying  the rest of the set. Even if I have to pay reg. price for the rest of the set (though I doubt it) the money I saved already....worth it!
Great for touch-ups!. In our new house we have "office carpet" in our kitchen. Until I can afford to tear it out and get REAL flooring I use this vac for crumbs, dog hair, hay etc. Works excellent. I've even been using it on the cement floor in the basement, tile floor in bathroom and the wood steps. I love how it goes over area rugs unlike my Hoover which is too powerful and sucks in the rug upon touch. I gave it 4 stars rather than 5 because the handle is alittle flimsy. It doesn't "lock" in tightly for some reason. Otherwise I feel I made a wise purchase based on other's reviews here on Amazon
Filmore blanket. Paid half the price compared to same blanket for sale on Ebay. Really great deal
VERY PLEASED. Upon receiving my Fabric Steam Press I was apprehensive about the quality of pressing this machine would achieve, but I was very pleased after pressing the first pair of pants.  I believe this machine will save dry cleaning dollars in the long run!
Looks Rich. This was sooo simple to put together. I was done in less than ten minutes.  Only bad thing was that the table was chipped just a little from delivery on the end but I use some OLD ENGLISH OIL and you can't even see it.  It's well worth the few dollars I paid for this...and you know one will ever know that it came from Target!  I don't care about the drawers being small; they will be used for dcoration and not storage.  Overall I'm satisfied
Apple Sugarbowl Matches Apple Creamer. The Franciscan Apple Dinnerware Covered Sugar Bowl is a perfect match for the Franciscan Apple Creamer. You can keep granulated sugar or sugar cubes in this bowl. Mine is in constant use for the coffee and tea drinkers as well as for those who like a bit of sugar on their morning cereal or grapefruit half. A must-have for the Franciscan Apple collector
drawer spice rack. I bought this spice rack for our brand new kitchen and it works really well.  All of my smaller spice jars fit perfectly and they are even alphabetized!  The only negative is that there isn't a lot of room for the taller spice jars - only one row fits in our drawer
It broke & we still love it. We have had this unit for 6 months and we really enjoyed it.  It makes a great cup of coffee, it is easy to use and we do not understand why some other reviews complain.Then - without any warning it stopped working.  I called Hamilton Beach and they are sending a free replacement, no questions asked.  The unit has a "hassle free" 3 year warranty and it really was a snap.We are glad we bought this unit and are happy with how Hamilton Beach stands behind their products
feather teasers. I have bought two different brands of these.  Same result.  The kitty really likes to chase and jump for it. My kitty will fight you for it.  He digs his claws in and it is a battle to get it back.  They are usually colorful and appealing to the cat.  They are also usually different lengths.  Most have longer plumes in the center to catch your cats eye.  Wiggle it and they will play forever.  Another toy most younger cats enjoy for the playfulness and for their good health and excercise
Less Cleaning. This machine is incrediable!  I have used it for everything in my house - I have used the scraper attachment to remove stickers from new windows, and doors, and take down a wallpaper border!  There is just so much you can do with machine - it has helped me in every area of the house - this is especially good at cleaning your floor without the chemicals and gives them a nice shine too!  NO MORE WAXING!  This has also come in handy for cleaning my smooth top range - I no longer have to buy that special cleaner for it when things become burnt on!  It also works great to remove stains from your clothing - blasts them right out!  The only complaint I have is that water tank should hold more water for those times when you want to go from one end of the house to the other without down time!  This is well worth every dollar I spent - get this and save yourself a ton of money by not having to buy those chemical cleaners anymore
GREAT CRATE WITH ONE DRAWBACK. WE LOVE THIS CRATE FOR OUR PUG, BUT SHE IS A SMART LITTLE DOG.  SHE HAS LEARNED HOW TO GET THE ZIPPER ON THE END UNDONE AND ESCAPE.  OF COURSE, WHEN SHE DOES THIS NO ONE IS HOME AND WE FIND SMALL GIFTS LEFT BEHIND
replacement carafe. The carafe was a perfect replacement for the one that I broke.I received the product within a few days.Thank you.
A really neat and interesting party piece. What a wonderful adult toy.  After seeing one of these fountains in operation at a Christmas party and noticing how useful, effective and popular it was with everyone, my wife and I decided we would get one.  Thanks to the power of the internet and Amazon, we now have one.  We may not use it as a soft drink fountain at all, but as a decorative water piece in the house as a distraction from the dreadful winter we are having just now.John K. Sutherland
Best Pillow for those with heavy heads. I love this pillow. Always had problems with pillows going flat too fast. This pillow has tons of support without being hard. I will buy again and again as long as they keep making it
Excellent LED night light. Very nice little night light. Uses LED, so it runs cool,and uses very little power. Cool "bluish" light, that you can point any direction using the rotating bezel. Photocell sometimes does not turn the light off if ambient light is not bright enough, such as when you have the light in a semi-lit hallway. Still, a great little product
it works. It's low and wide because it is a tart pan.  I popped cakes out of it no problem   The lowness would suit a cake layer in a tiramisu.
Noticeable difference in cat behavior. We recently moved, and our two cats were having a few anxiety issues while adjusting to the new apartment.  One cat, usually friendly and playful, would hide anytime a new person came into the apartment.  The other cat, usually very docile, was being overly aggressive during "play time" with the other cat and with us.After buying the Comfort Zone plug-in, we noticed a gradual change in their behavior over about a week.  Both cats seemed more relaxed and their behavior was more normal - more friendly and playful, less anxious and aggressive.The only reason not to give 5 stars is because the description says one plug-in vial will last 4 weeks, but the vial was nearly empty after only 2 weeks and completely empty after 3.  But maybe there was more in the diffuser even though the vial had no liquid left.  It is hard to judge when the plug-in actually ran out because the cats' behavior did not change, even after I unplugged the diffuser
Works great. This item seems to work really well. It is also a great space saver. I would recommend it
it's a towel!. I am pleased.  It is not a cheap discount towel, nor is it a super-plush towel.  It looks good and it washes well
I just love it!!!!!. Very easy to put together, sturdy, and attractive. Looks good for the price. I also purchased the desk and side table for my home office. They give the room a warm look
good support. This neck pillow offers considerable support under the neck---bought it to replace an old one that had become thread-bare...husband uses it all the time.
Works great! Best espresso maker we've owned. We've had several other brands of espresso makers before and this one is the best so far.  The espresso is wonderful and being able to use the pods sure saves a lot of time.  The frothing arm really makes frothing effortless, much easier than any other machine we've had. The only problem with it that we've noticed is the frothing arm should be higher up on the machine because it is impossible to get a mug with milk under it, unless it is moved to the edge of the counter.  It took a few tries to figure everything out, but it is a great machine  Other than the one problem we've noticed it works perfectly and has saved us a bunch on buying lattes
whale to go. I have several ride on pool animal toys and my kids and their friends all prefer the whale. It holds up well under their rough play and is easy to get on and stay on. This toy has the handels which is a plus. I have bought this item for others. You wont regret getting this pool toy
Burn your old wooden handle knives. I desperately needed a new knife because my old Chicago Cutlery wooden handle knife became a gross and nasty E. coli distributing piece of junk. which was very sad because I loved that knife! I had it for 20+ years. I ended up buying this knife because I really liked the look of the handle. It looked like it would grip well. and it does. To me it seemed a bit expensive, but the Stainless Chicago Cutlery knives handles were very smooth so there were few choices for me. The most important point is what ever brand you choose, go with non-wooden handles. don't make the mistake that I made by holding on to those old wooden handle knives. Bacteria will eventually get in them and then they will make you sick
Hard to find item. My mom has been using this carafe to make coffee forever. But she cannot find it in the stores, so amazon is the best source. It is the freshest way to make coffee and is simple to clean
Fast, durable, efficient, quiet, convenient. In other words, I can't understand why the two "Spotlight" reviews are negative.  My kettle has been used several times a day for years now, and has only just conked out.  It boils water extremely quickly because the heating coil is in direct contact with the water; it boils precise amounts and shuts off automatically, which saves time and electricity; and the snap sound when it shuts off is infinitely preferable to the screech of a traditional boiling kettle.  My only criticism relates to looks: having lived in England where there is a lot of choice and the kettles are both shapelier and more colorful, I find the Bodum rather a bore to look at.  But it does the job:  hence the full five stars
Mr. Coffee Mug Warmer Model MWD1B. Ordered this item believing it was unit that had an auto "ON" switch and auto "OFF" after 30 minutes. Manufacturer changed to traditional "ON/OFF" switch. Works well, but you must remember to turn it off to avoid problems
Love the machine, but would like more control. I've been using my Zojirushi for over two years now and make at least a couple loaves of whole wheat sandwich bread a week along with fancier breads using the dough function.  I love the fact that there are two paddles to knead the bread, this works so much better than my machine of 10 years ago with just one paddle which often left gobs of unkneaded incredients.  I also really like the horizontal full loaf pan.  You can make normal sandwich loaves with this design.The one thing that could be improved would be to add more user control to allow a baker to set all the resting, rising and baking times individually.  Sometimes I want the dough to rise longer than the preset times but there's no way of overriding it.  Oh well, guess nothing is perfect.I highly recommend this product
Sticky. This is a GREAT saucepan.  I do not like that if I am cooking something that needs grease, I have to use alot in order to get my food to not stick.  I gave away a few of these for gifts, and the people love it as well.  Great deal
Great water kettle. Had the same one before this, worked fine for 2 years, happy with the new one as well
Best Bowl I Own!. This is one of the best purchases I have made.  I am confident enough to use it with my powerful hand mixer and it does not slip or slide!  It is great if chilled for whipping cream or egg whites!  Also makes a nice serving piece at picnics or potlucks!  Goes straight into the dishwasher or wipes clean easily.  Just get it before it is discontinued
excellent toast, beautiful toaster. I love this toaster! It works well, looks beautiful, and has all the features I could need and more (bagel setting, defrost, reheat, cancel). It has a pretty broad range--I've never gone higher than 4 out of 7 on the darkness scale, but I don't like really dark toast. I was a little curious/skeptical about the defrost feature, but it's been great.  The crumb tray is easy to pull out and clean, too.  My one complaint is that the cord is a little short and there's no cord storage, but otherwise I absolutely love it.  I've not been much impressed by toasters in the past, but this one has me actually eating breakfast every morning
Looks Great. Looks menancing when you unpack it but with two people and about an hour, this was together and looks fabulous in a dining room as a buffet. It has room to stack plates and a drawer for silverware as well as glasses and bottles. The piece is sturdy and does not look or feel cheap at all. A MUCH better deal than its Crate & Barrel clone costing double the price.
What a beautiful pan!. I was surprised at the low price, and the beautiful color (cobalt blue).  The pan is scratch resistant, and my quiches and tarts turn out beautifully!  As good as non-stick.Can't be beat for the price, and presentation.  I'm so happy with it, that I'm going to get a Chantal Pie Pan next
Cool utensil crock!. I don't like those cutsie utensil crocks with little pale prints of flowers, roosters, fruits and things like that. Also don't like those made out of resin or plastic/nylon (they are corny) nor the stainless steel ones (they suit better industrial kitchens). This one is just perfect, fits all my kitchen utensils (check on my customer image above) and doesn't take to much space on my countertop. I don't feel the need of those bucket size ones. Plus it cleans up well, well. I love it
Wonderful and no soggy cookies. I've read the soggy cookies review as well, and despite the fact that there is no rubber seal, I have had no problems with soggy or stale cookies (I live in rainy Washington state).  This is a BEAUTIFUL cookie jar and I get loads of compliments on it.  It does hold far more cookies that other cookie jars and that is one of the reasons I purchased it.  You will be very happy with this cookie jar!
Works great. We are very happy with our purchase, delivery time was prompt, product is in perfect condition, saved a lot of money purchasing thru Amazaon, I will definetly us Amazon to puchase more products thru.
GREAT deal!. I bought  a set of the Renaissance 600 ct sheets and didn't expect too much since the price was low.  I was VERY pleased!  They are so soft...yet you can feel the thickness too.  For me a very deep pocket is important as I have a pillowtop king mattress WITH 2" memory foam on top of it.  These sheets have a great deep pocket.  It fits my mattress with no problem.  I was so impressed with these sheets that today I am ordering a second set
What I needed for stuff. I have been shopping for a set of canisters for many years but they were all too small. A bag of flour would never even half fit in the largest of most canisters. The largest of these (4 quart{16 cups}) will hold all but a little bit of a bag of flour. I like the look of the stainless steel and the fact of the seal around the lid. The only draw back to this product is the acrylic window in the side. I was afraid I would poke it out when I washed it by hand (it feels flimsy), but it turned out okay. They look great and the ability to see how much sugar and flour you have without opening the lid is a plus
Great Toaster Oven!. We absolutely love this toaster oven. It cooks and toasts very evenly. Im glad we spent the extra money for this better model. Krups brand has served us well in the past. The only caution I would give is it cooks very quickly, (so be careful), and it gets very hot in the back, (so dont push it up against anything).
The Best Popcorn Ever!!!!!. The Whirley-Pop Stovetop popcorn popper is incredible. The popcorn is the best tasting ever! I use 2 tablespoons of olive oil and a half cup of popocorn and this popper pops every kernel in just a few minutes time on the stove. The crank on the popper is a little squeaky, but like I said the popcorn is awesome. After using the popper it is very easy to clean, I just wipe it out with a paper towel and then put it back in storage. I would highly recommend this popper to anyone who is a popcorn lover
Great extractor. This was a gift for my daughter, who also has the Big Mouth food processor.  She loves it.  It was an excellent value for the money and is backed by a known name
Norpro Deluxe Munk Aebleskiver Pan. It's a great pan. Cleans up easily and nothing sticks to it
$7.99 for just the family cakes. My baking really isn't good enough for a large amount of leftovers.This is tiny.  Baking time is longer than for a cupcake.I made chiffon cake in this and it was a lot of fun but the sides as well as the bottom should be greased
The GREATEST Invention !!. I have an older cat (6 years) who is very finicky as well as being a bit of a "scaredy" cat. If the litter is not up to her liking, she will make a deposit in the spare bathroom bathtub !!  Since getting this AMAZING product she uses the litter box regularly and she has never been afraid of it either !!  I also introduced a new 8 month old kitten to the house who also has had absolutely no fears or problems using the Litter Robot.  We have been using Litter Robot for 2 months now and I can't tell you enough how much I love it and the ease of use and set up was fabulous.I highly recommend it to all cat owners.  Very easy to clean also
Not bad. For the price, these are nice towels. There were no snags or even loose threads. After a couple washes, they looked fine and felt great when coming out of the shower! I guess I should wait till I have used them a while and washed them a few times, but no complaints here
I have had it 18 months and recommend it. I have had this unit for 18 months now, and have had absolutely NONE of the problems listed by the other reviewers.  I have always used bottled water, and see no scaling issues even on the horizon.  I seldom if ever put the lid to the carafe in the dishwasher--it is very easy to wash by hand; the plastic of the lid does not seem to be degenerating, so I don't expect it to break as another reviewer reported.  The coffee can be made what I call American (not so strong) or straonger--I always run mine on strong).  I like this maker because when you run it on strong, it adds strength and body to the coffee without adding bitterness, as do other coffee makes I have used in the past.The only reason for 4 stars instead of 5 is that using the steamer is not exactly intuitive, and I worry about cleaning the milk residue out of the steam pipe since it is attached to the espresso maker side (so I spend extra time water steaming it).  Otherwise, no issues.  It should, however, come with a second carafe, or you should get one if you serve a lot of coffee.  I recommend this product
You get what you pay for, and here it's worth it!. I used to wonder what the deal was on the Vornado fans. They are costly to buy, and yet seem no different than ordinary stand fans. As soon as I bought one, I learned REAL FAST!Indeed not all fans are created equal, and this is a stellar fan. On low, it is barely audible yet generates a nice breeze. Dial up the speed, and yikes! On high, if you aim this toward the windows, you'll have drapes or blinds flying everywhere. Despite the relatively smallish size, this is a real powerhouse of a fan! Great for blowing air long distances, say from a room with a window A/C to one that does not - even up stairs.After buying one, I bought two more and never looked back. Sold most of my other fans at a garage sale. Just keep in mind that you'll still need a basic inexpensive box fan to pull in outside air. Then compare airflow between a 20" box fan and this one - you'll be amazed.
Nice Glasses. I purchased this set as a replacement for my Reidel's.  Over the years, five of the six Reidel's had broken at the stem.  They are very fragile.  The Reidel's were very impressive but these were half the cost and the reviews were good.  I found that these are less fragile than the Reidel and look very nice.  However, in a glass to glass comparison, I prefer the taste of the wine in the Reidel (Vinum series). The Spiegelau arrived in perfect condition (double boxed).  Overall, I am not disappointed with these and if I did not have the Reidel's, these would have been fine.  They certainly are a large improvement over standard wine glasses.
Now, it is up to my cat!. Sturdy plastic handles my 12 lb. cat easily.  Not for someone who isn't ready to do the training steps.  You will have to share the bathroom with the cat, move the CityKitty every time YOU need to use the toilet; clean up "misses" that catch the seat; and, keep the seat down and lid up.To make the transition, we started by putting her self scooping litter box on a platform next to toilet.  Then, we moved her litter to the CityKitty.  We also used about and inch of litter so we didn't scare her.  As the first week progressed, (no holes punched) we transitioned to the flushable litter.Having two bathrooms is a plus.  We just opened the first hole ONLY in 1.  This way, if she protests, she has an acceptable option.  Suggest a container of those ready-to -use disinfecting wipes.  Sometimes, she "misses" and catches the seat.  She also still likes to bury and gets litter on seat and tracks it around floor.  The little swiffer vac is getting a lot of use.  However, anyone with a litter box already has to deal with tracked litter.  I keep reminding myself it will be worth it in the end.
Sturdy Utility. The item is very well made and sturdy.  I have only had it a short time, but it appears it will last a long time.  I like the convenience of either rolling the entire unit to the laundry room, or taking just one bin by undoing the velcro attachment flaps.  Having three bins allows me to sort clothing as I go, instead of having to sort on laundry day
Great and it also cooks oatmeal. Perfect rice everytime but I've never cooked more than 2 cups dry rice at a time. I'm always present so I don't need it to shut off: 'warm' is fine.  But what I really like is that it does a great job cooking hot cereal (steel cut oats, 7 grain- etc).  Cereals always tend to bubble over and while the cooker lid gets a bit messy it never boils over.  It is easy to clean too.  I'm thinking of getting another one for our cabin.  (hint:  when cooking cereal...good to give a stir just after it gets cooking so the stuff doesn't congeal near bottom of pan)
Love the Dolce wine tower. Placed an order for the wine tower online on Monday - it arrived on Thursday. We put it together in just over an hour - and it looks great. Great quality - very sturdy. So glad we didn't order the tower from a high-end retailer - it was $75 more! No complaints -other than the directions could have been a bit clearer. Highly recommend this product and would definately order from Target.com again
Good product, but would be nice to have timer... This crockpot is very nice and can be used on stovetop, oven, or its own base.  It is definitely the most attractive crockpot I have seen
Great for cleaning. The pads work great, large and easy to put on, wish the vacuum was bit more powerful, but overall a good quick cleanup product
Looks and feels fantastic, but no cookbook. I just received this set yesterday and haven't had a chance to actually bake a pizza in it yet (I'll try to remember to update this review once I do), but there were a few initial impressions I thought merited a review on their own:- The cookbook mentioned in the title and description of this product was not actually included in the package. Instead, the kit contained a small fold-out pamphlet with four or five basic recipes and a card advertising where to obtain the aforementioned cookbook.(I doubt anyone orders this set strictly because of the cookbook, or even that it sways many would-be buyers who are on the fence about the value of the kit. But its absence does make a small difference in the value of the purchase, and is something you should know before you buy.)- That having been said, the pans and lid themselves look and feel so good, I have no doubt whatsoever that they'll be wonderful, functional additions to my kitchen. The hard-anondized surface gives a distinct impression of quality and durability. I'm impressed.And I'll be back to say more once I actually use them to make pizzas!
Love that dunking sauce. I have been looking for this particular item for a couple of years.  so bought extra for my daughters-in-law for Christmas.  They loved them also.  Can't wait til I get off my diet and can dip some good homemade bread.  For now it does well on a good salad. The price was great also
Useful bread knife. I am very happy with this knife. It is flexible enough for cutting a loaf of thick-crusted bread, and the serrations are still sharp after two years of constant use. No kitchen should be without it
Great supplemental light. Okay, I haven't used this while reading in bed yet...but as a supplemental light for uses in areas of minimal lighting, it's great!The light isn't good for areas that are adequately well-lit, so don't bother to use the light there. But in areas where light is dim, the light shines. Literally. It casts a bright light on the page(s) that you need to view. It's helped me tremendously get through pages of reading.Yes, it's a bit pricey for what you get, but it's incredibly compact as it fits nicely in my bag. Imagine carrying a lamp everywhere you go.  The power adapter, however, is a cumbersome brick. As for the limited time in which the light bulb is useful for, I can't offer an estimate of time yet - but so far my bulb has been running for at least 15 hours or so- cumulative, not consecutive hours. So, no complaints yet about that.Whenever I saw this light online or in the store, I used to think, "Why in the world would I ever want something like this?" Now, my thoughts are: "Why didn't I ever think to buy this before?
This little coffeemaker does just what it's supposed to do. Other reviewers have complained about spillage or dripping with this product.  I didn't encounter these problems.  This is a small coffeemaker!  It only makes five, 5-oz cups of coffee.  If you make a full 25-oz pot and then move it quickly, you'll spill some coffee.  The same goes for filling the water chamber to make coffee.  If, on the other hand, you realize you're dealing with a small, full pot and act accordingly, you won't have any problems.  It does exactly what it's supposed to do.  It makes small amounts of good coffee quickly and easily.  For under $15, what more can you ask for
Nice digital display. I bought this heater specifically because it had a timer function because I wanted to be able to turn on the heater and warm my bathroom before I woke up.  However, the timer feature only works to run the heater for X amount of hours, not to turn it on at a specific time.  Since the technical information provided online doesn't explain that feature, I was somewhat disappointed.  The Thermostat/Auto feature works well, and the digital display is worth the extra $10 from the LY43 model, which has a smaller output area. Overall I recommend this unit for it's compact and oscillating design, but I'll keep you posted if it breaks any time soon.
hughesk. The table is beautiful, very heavy and easy to assemble.  It is a great buy for the money!
Cat friendly. I tried a different mat in front of my kitty litter box & my cat wouldn't walk on it -- and started "going" elsewhere.  I left this one out, just to see if he'd walk on it & he seemed to love the texture.  It was definitely a good purchase for my finicky kitty
Quick, Hot, and Safe. I plugged this in yesterday for the first time.  It seems very safe. The ON nob has a childproof turn system. At the hottest temperatures I can still pick the heater up by the metal grate.  Most impressive is how fast it heats up.  As soon as it turned on I felt a lot of heat, as if it arrives from the factory with hot air waiting to blow out upon first use.  It has a little bit of the "heater odor", like when you turn the heat in the car way up.  It heat my room up really fast, but it's a small-medium sized room.  I looked around a lot for heaters and read a lot of reviews.  This one worked out perfectly for me; I am very happy with my choice
Another sturdy Mission Natural piece. Just ordered a couple more of these little tables after reading the reviewer who used them as nightstands. What a great idea. I have them as traditional end tables and they are handsome and sturdy. Get baskets for the lower shelves, look really nice. And did I mention sturdy? Assembly was a breeze, even for me. The wood is heavy and a pleasing tone, very neutral. And Target.com, what more can I say about them? They really, really, really stand behind their products. If you ever have a problem, contact them. They will make it right, and at their expense
LOVE THESE!. These are GREAT! The keep my drinks cold for a VERY long time and are top-rack dishwasher safe!!
If you want to make easy authentice Espresso. I love this espresso maker!! It is easy to use and makes wonderful authentic espresso. Add a bit of steamed milk and you're in heaven! This is the easiest espresso maker I've ever had. I've retired my large espresso machine and even banished my automatic coffee maker and just use my Bialetti. It takes up very little space and clean up is a breeze. The best part is how quickly it brews! In minutes, you have a steaming pot of espresso. I would recommend investing in a hand frother if you'd like to make cappuccino.
The BEST Stockpot!. I have had this for a couple of weeks, and it is already my favorite pot. I wish I could give it 10 stars
Fantastic Espresso even for the new user. I had never made an espresso before.  I loved Starbucks but I really don't need to pay their high prices any more and I really like my homemade stuff better now.  I was concerned that it would be a bit more difficult and time consuming than it really is,   but its really easy and kind of fun to make my own espresso and other drinks.  I did a whole lot of research and this one just seemed to make sense for the price.  Of course I bought one from another auction site and paid about half of what they are for sale up here.  A hot espresso?  Works great for me and I get a very hot steaming cup when I do the pre-heat. I do wish I could make bigger espressos all at once,  but I don't think there are other machines like that out there.  This machine is a little big,  but it does fit in my small kitchen and has really become more used than my regular coffee maker or anything else in my kitchen.  I highly recommend it and don't think I'll need to upgrade anytime soon.  And yes,  I do use a burr grinder and I might upgrade to one of those higher end grinders later,  but for now my Mr. Coffee grinder seems to do a pretty good job with fairly consistent grind.
Almost Perfect. I love this salad spinner. The bowl is a perfect size to hold the completed salad in. The spinner gets all of the water out easily. My only complaint would be the lid construction. The handle is large enough that when you hold down the bowl with the other hand, it is hard not to catch knicking your thumb when spinning. Not a big enough issue not to purchase it. Washes like a dream.
You can't beat these sheets!!!. I am extremely impressed with the quality of these sheets.  The fitted sheet has really deep pockets and actually fits around our pillow-top mattress without falling off.  They are extremely soft and wash up beautifully.  The subtle striping on them also adds a nice touch.  I'm so glad I bought two sets!!
bioOrb Service Kit - 6 pack. Excellent product, fits my bioOrb aquarium.  Buying the 6 pack is cheaper, including S & H, than going to the pet store.  The closest pet store that carries this item, singly, is 50 miles away from where I live!
Much More than a Casserole. I first started seeing this pan on Giada De Laurentis' cooking show "Everyday Italian" when I began collecting Le Creuset.  I didn't know it as a casserole at the time since it more resembles the "Everyday Pans" being sold by manufactuers like Calphalon and All-Clad.Of course, you can use it as a casserole and it's the perfect size for macaroni and cheese, fruit cobbler, or chicken and dumplings.  However, it is also a great saute and fry pan: steaks and chops brown beautifully; it's great for making a quick pasta sauce; it fries chicken like a champ; risotto cooks slowly and evenly; and it's even big enough for a small to medium roast.  In fact, I like it so much I got the five quart model for big batches of paella and larger roasts like turkeys and hams.Not only is this pan a joy to use and look at, it's also easy to care for.  It can go in the dishwasher, but really all it needs is a little soak and the caked on food just comes off with a scrubby sponge or dish brush.Though any cook would appreciate this piece, it is an especially good starter piece for the recent graduate or newlywed and it will last a lifetime.
Timer. I Received it in perfect condition and the delivery was faster than I expected. I like the product... only inconvienient will change the battery because of the scrow
Un-Du is a staple at our house!. We are antique collectors.  Can't tell you how many times we have used Un-Du to remove price tags, lables, or sticky stuff from a precious antique.  Other methods of removal might have damaged the item.  Un-Du has helped us save many items over the years.  It's the greatest
Sturdy dittos. Seemingly well constructed, great handles for easy lifting, inside quantity indications are printed not etched on the pot, shape more wide than narrow, lid comparatively light but fits and performs well.  Glad I bought one
Best cordless I've found. I have a 2,000 sq. ft. home with some hard floors, some carpet and three cats who shed a lot! For deep cleaning I use a Kenmore Progressive which is excellent but weighs about a ton.So bought the Eureka Quick-Up for small jobs when I don't want to lug the big vac, and to clean the stairs.Well, my first impression when I tried this unit was that it really picked up dust! On a mix of medium-pile carpet, tile, and a microfiber sofa, it collected quite a bit of cat hair and other dirt in a single run. It's also quiet and very easy to handle. Disposing of the dirt isn't the best system I've seen (slightly messy) but then again, you expect that on any bagless model.Having tested quite a few other models (including the more expensive Electrolux Pronto cordless, a corded Bissell 3-in-1, and two Roomba robots that failed within a month) this is definitely the most effective I've found at any price, mainly thanks to a well-designed power brush. Highly recommended
Pinzon Cookware. Excellant product couldn't be happier for this great purchase, have told everyone I know what a great find I found
Hooray for the little dehumidifier!. This is a good little dehumidifier; it gets the job done without being excessively loud.  I work at night and I actually keep this on during the day while I sleep just to give me a little white noise.  The water reservoir doesn't fill up very fast, so you don't have to worry about emptying it too incredibly often
perfect rack. This item was easy to assemble and is attractive as well as functional. Shipping was excellent
Versatile!. This cute little casserole is great for making soups or casseroles for 2-4 people. I use it for my morning oatmeal, soup for lunch and casseroles for dinner. Retains heat so foods stay warm.Clean up is a breeze! I have the green pepper but want the red and yellow one too
My favorite knife!. I received this knife for Christmas after reading the review in Cook's Illustrated magazine and then requesting it on my gift list! My son ordered it through Amazon and it arrived before Christmas. It is now my favorite knife and is used daily.  After cutting veggies, fish, meats, and fruit, this knife continues to be extremely sharp, well balanced, and easy to use.  What a great gift
Perfect Chew Toy!. We recently adopted 3 wonderful, adorable pups - 2 of whom are still in their "chewing stage".  Based on the recommendation of friends, we decided to give the "Kong" a try - and it's awesome!"Kongs" are made to be extremely strong, so they don't fall apart when the little ones chew on them for hours (or even when our big guy decides to have a little chewing action on it himself).  We've found that our dogs love them as is, but they REALLY get into it when we insert a treat or some of the "Kong" vitamin-enriched tasty paste into the open cavity.  They'll spend lots of time and energy attempting to get the treat out (which is unlikely) &/or enjoying the "tasty paste".Overall, we found this to be a great toy for our "little ones" - it provides them with something that they're allowed to chew & that I as a "puppy parent" don't have to worry about falling apart due to long bouts of gnawing.  Our dogs give the "Kong" a "2 paws up"!!
Mikey Likes it!. I like this coffee maker. It looks good and makes great coffee!I can't think of anything negative to say about it other than it's a bit bigger and heavier than I would have liked.I actually bought it for the color, but I was pleasantly surprised to find that it was made so well
Love it!. I had just redone my kitchen in Black and Red tones so these dishes were perfect.
Saguaro Cornbread. My kids love these little cornbread saguaros because they love cornbread, everything about Arizona, and especially these statuesque desert sentinals.  I bought the non-seasoned version of this pan last year and I'm still breaking it in, so the corn bread sticks a bit.  I'm sure that the new pre-seasoned version will break in faster.  Make sure to preheat the mold and grease it before putting in the batter and don't fill them too full.  Enjoy
Memories of childhood. This is one of my best Christmas memories, making Krumkake with my Mom.  It does take a while since each cookie is made individually.  However, it is totally worth the wait. The cookies are crisp and sweet.  I would much  rather make them using the stove top method and not the new electric  krumkake makers.  I remember concentrating on getting them just the right  amount of done... with my Mom watching.  We would listen to Christmas music  and talk as we worked.  I guess some memories should not be messed with
Almost unbelievable. This was a gift for my mother for Christmas.  My parents always have the whole family over to their house for Christmas and they are coffee drinkers.  This has always been a problem because space limitations and lack of availability of larger coffee makers that would fit in has always been a problem.  She'd always have to make 2 pots and eventually, people would wind up with cool coffee since not everyone wanted it at the same time.  In comes this Zojirushi SRAG30 Airpot.  Now, not being a coffee drinker myself, I did a lot of research in advance.  As there wasn't a lot of feedback available for this particular product, I don't know if I just got lucky in picking it or if the limited information was just that accurate, but this thing is literally almost unbelievable.  Not only was the coffee made 3 hours before the first cup was pourted still hot when the last cup was poured, but it was hot the next morning, 20 hour later...and still steaming hot the next evening, 30 hours later.  This morning, the coffee coming out of it is still apparently steaming.  Now while I'm sure it's much cooler than it was when it first went in, the fact that I can still see visible steam rising from what's coming out of it coming up on 2 days later is just amazing.  I couldn't be happier with this purchase.Now, the scientist in me knows not everyone will get these same results as some external factors most likely played a part in this.  For starters, when preparing it for it's first use, I boiled water (raging boil, not just hot tap water) and filled it.  I then proceeded to close it up and pump out the hot water which would have increased the pressure of the hot air inside, warming it more.  Then after the coffee was put into it, I put it on top of the stove, on which the oven was running periodically throughout the day.  I'm sure this helped to keep it  hot.  However, this was during the winter and a nearby window was open much of the time, so there was also a cooling factor as well.Overall, I can't say enough good about this product.  While not the most extravagant gift I purchased this year, it may turn out to be the best as far as doing what it's meant to do
Pizzelles Made Easy. The Villaware V3850 is a must have for serious pizzelle makers.  It was very easy to remove the mini pizzelle's from the maker and what a joy not to have to constantly oil the maker.  The clean up was even better and made the whole process wonderful.
Outstanding Value. These are truly the best bath towels money can buy, large size, wonderful softness, and modest price are unbeatable.
soup pot. i have bought several le creuset items, love them all, this one has very small bottom, which makes it good only for soup, etc, but again its called a soup pot, pobably wouldnt buy this one again,
Best filter for the price. Amazon's price structure for this product just blew everybody away. Even Wallyworld with their global purchaseing power didn't touch Amazon, and the free shipping to our door was a plus
I wouldn't normally write a review on towels, but... These are just fantastic!  It's like drying off on a cloud, no kidding.  I agree completely with those that say fabric softener isn't necessary.  They are super thick, SUPER soft, and the micro-cotton is way more absorbent than my previous set of towels (which are cleaning rags now).They wash up beautifully, and the colors haven't run from the very first time I washed them (and I got black & chocolate!).  I also noticed that unlike other new towels I have bought, there was very little lint in the dryer screen after the first wash.If you are lucky enough to catch these on sale for $15 a set like I did, don't hesitate to buy a ton!  What I paid to get 4 sets wouldn't have bought one of lesser quality elsewhere.They just scream HIGH QUALITY
Love it!. I love this, it works beautifully! My breakfasts (including cleanup!) are so much easier now
I am So Pleased!!!. I recieved these yesterday and can't believe how heavy they are! I am so pleased that I just ordered a second set planning to clear out some of my inferior plastic junk I've been using for far too long. If you enjoy cooking, treat yourself to nice stuff! These are the good stuff and I expect to use these for years and years to come. I just can't get over how much heavier they are than the other stainless steel measuring cups I have from the loca; "W" store
second one. i find it a bit annoying that it ends up breaking after 2 years - meaning slipping off the tap and squirting water everywhere - but overall it's a great product
Perfect Size Hand Towels. I've have looked for a very long time for this lighter quality and good sized hand towels. So many times the bath towels are huge and the hand towels too small. These are good sized and hang on the rod beautifully.  The colors of the towels are also beautiful. I'm buying more for our guest bathroom.  Thank goodness I searched on Amazon. I don't believe these wonderful Martex New Splendor items are sold anywhere else
Effective. This 12" steel performs its job admirably, providing a nice long surface to stroke a blade across and developing a distinctive ring characteristic when the blade is struck across correctly.I've been maintaining my blades for about six months with it and have had no need to pursue any further sharpening as of yet
great saucepan.... I was looking at cookware, not because I'm much of a cook, but because I was getting a new stove. I like to keep a pot of water boiling (slowly)on the stove in the winter to keep some moisture in the air. For this taskyou need a nice heavy pot that will not burn through from the constant heat, This saucepan is perfect for the job
Top of the line Bagless for under $60 - Can't go wrong!!!. For what this is, it is a great machine. Sure you could pay over three times as much for a Dyson and get bascially the same thing, but who wants to do that?!?! It's built extremely well for it's price-point, strong suction, great filtration, great warranty. For those that are worried about bagless canisters being dirty... empty them outside or in the garage. ALL bagless canisters empty the same, so don't waste your money on the pricier ones. The tools on this one also work great for my flowbee!!
For my mother-in-law. Gave this only 4 stars because I have not personally seen it work or used it.  I purchased this for my mother-in-law who lives in another state, is in her mid 80s and had been having trouble opening jars.  She says it works great so I'm taking her word for it.  In fact, I'm thinking of purchasing one soon for myself
Great Starter Tank. This is a great starter tank but the price here is a little high.  Try Dr. Fosters and Smith at $68.00
nothing tops revereware. you should read the product description from the mfg. and you get the correct info as they know the product. have always owned revereware and love it. am starting my daughter's new kitchen with revere
Anti-bark dog collar. This is a great product. We have a toy beagle who barks in the car at people, kids, bikes, dogs and pretty much anything. We use the collar on him maybe 2 times and now he hardly ever barks in the car. We still use the collar once in awhile. We are going to now try it when we walk him and take him to the beach. So far we like it a lot
Great Timer. I love this timer.  Besides the fact that it matches all of my other red kitchenaid items, I love that it is heavy duty, easy to use and loud.  I've read that the timer is too quiet, but they must have fixed this attribute because it is loud enough for me to hear from the other side of the house.  It is easy to set also.  I suppose if you're in a major rush maybe it would take too long to set, but for normal cooking I can spare the 10 seconds to set it
Perfect coffee, no hassle. The Bialetti coffee set does exactly what it should - Makes perfect espresso or lattes and is as hassle free as coffee making can be.  Buy some good espresso coffe like Lavazza or illy,fill up the lower resorvoir with water, put milk in the frother, put on stove and presto.  A better cup of coffee than you get at any Starbucks, a fraction of the price and no long lines to deal with.
Awesume confetti color!. My daugter moved into her 5 bedroom home recently, and loves her small powder room downstairs right off the living room. She decided to go "Bold" with black and white stripes wallpaper and a bright pink flowers border at the top. I searched and searched for the right color of "bright pink"...finally found these confetti pink towels. I was not disappointed when they arrived, more important ...neither was she!!!Awesume color and great quality. Thanks for such a product
WOW - I wish I invented this!!!!. I just got this peeler for a gift and I just used it to peel yams; at first it just was not working and I thought oh well, a good idea, but just not a great gadget, then...I realized I was being a complete ditz, I had not removed the saftey strip off the blade! ;-)lol.  I proceeded to peel 4 yams in just a couple of minutes with no strain on my hands.  It peels perfectly and effortlessly!!!!  I am definitely going to be putting one in everyone's stocking this Christmas!
Good, to a point. First: the mats work, baked good do not stick to it if you use the lightest spray of PAM.  Foods don't stick much if you don't use a spray for that matter.The mats lie flater than Silpat which tend to curl.The only knock is they are tough to clean after baking.  They are dishwasher safe and I now clean then in the top rack of the dishwasher, but the Silpat wipes clean easily without needing a trip to the Dishwasher.A small compliant to be sure
Can't beat it for the price!. This is simply an outstanding frypan for the price I paid at Amazon. My 5 star rating is based heavily upon the utility per dollar from my perspective.I often like to use the phrase "you get what you pay for" but in this case I honestly believe I got more for my money
Absolutely amazing. I completely agree with the other poster. I tried it as a sample, tried to buy something at the grocery store which was much cheaper and failed miserably. I can't wait to get Copperbrill cleaner
Great!. Cheap, does what it's meant to do.  Has handled the abuse of many trips to the laundry room magnificently
Great waffles!. This wafflemaker is very easy to use, idiot-proof, and makes perfect, crisp Belgian waffles.  The recipe that came with the wafflemaker is particularly good.  Waffler lets you know when to start cooking and when to stop.  If you follow the instructions you get great waffles that don't stick.
Customers Beware!!!. I have spent thousands of dollar's, On Meyers cookware everthing from KitchenAid, Anolon, Prestige, Faberware, &amp; Circulan, just to name a few. Though Meyers does manufacture very high quality pots &amp; pans and I would recommend them to anyone it's just sad that if you have any problem with them, under warranty, you have to go throught the chain of command, that never gets you anywhere, even if you want to speak with upper management about the rudeness of the customer service department. Their customer service department employees are always very rude and snotty and they act like they are doing you a favor to even talk to you about their products. Don't get me wrong they do make good cookware, probably the best, but you as the consumer are at the mercy of their customer service and their descision or your fait on wheather your life time warranty is honored or not
Great humidifier. Have tried several in the past - this was the easiest to set up and worked the best
A Definite Time Saver & Easy to Clean Too. While I received my slicer a couple of months ago, I finally pulled it out of the box the other day to slice apples for apple crisp.  It worked fabulously.  Operation is easy and I figure you've got to be pretty clever to find a way to slice a finger.The catch tray is pretty useless if you're slicing anything more than a small amount.  I simply put a flexible cutting board underneath to catch apple pieces as they fell.I was also pleased with how easily the unit cleans up.  My only suggestion is with respect to something I believe I read in the instructions directing the user to take off the blade and clean it, then immediately reinstall the blade before cleaning the rest of the unit.I left the blade off the unit while I completed cleaning it, as I did not want to inadvertently hit the blade (even in the closed position).  This allowed me access to all crevices of the slicer without fear of nicking fingers or knuckles on the very sharp blade
Not for everyone , but the best. I am an assistant to an executive chef and instructor at one of the top ten culinray schools  in the country.  Althought I am not a professional myself, I find that using  top equipment makes the differences.  This knife speaks for itself.  The edge has remainded true  without a lot of fuss.  The ease of use is something else. If  used correctly you can slice and dice all day.  The only drawback is the weight.  Some might fine it a little heavy at first, but stick with it, the wait will be worth it.  Excellant knif
great for teething babies!. this is a GREAT thing to have around when your baby is teething!  Put ice in the bag, and although your baby's shirt or bib may get pretty wet, the COLD of the ice really numbs their gums and brings back the smile!
Finally. This is a great and idea and a great product.  When I purchased it, I saved the box thinking that I probably wouldn't like it.  Now, I wouldn't dream of parting with this trash can!  It is the easiest to use.  Get some D batteries and you are all set.  I especailly love the on and off button, so you can conserve battery life.  There are also open and close buttons that allow you to override the sensor (these are powered too, so don't think you can ever use this product witout batteries.)  I have zero complaints about this trash can!Update 1/7/07:  This is now availabe at warehouse clubs and is a lot cheaper
She loves it. I bought this for my daughter and she loves it.  She can keep it between her refrigerator and cupboards and bring it out when she needs it.It's a great gift
An outstanding buy.  Looks great !. My review is from a male perspective, two weeks ago I did not know that a Duvet existed now I know that you better get the right size. The comforter is esthetically very nice and has fluffed up well. I bought another one from J.C. Penny at a higher cost and less fill and it was ugly, I had to purchase it because my dog eat my other comforter.  I returned it to J.C. Penny. For what it is worth after looking at these comforters for a few weeks and getting one or two that I was not happy with, this one was all that I expected.  It looks good, fluffed up well and has a fifteen year warranty if you have it in a Duvet.  My dog does not seem to like it's taste but it is hard to get him off it, he loves it,  an important factor for me.Update: We have now had some somewhat cool nights in Texas in the 30's and I am as warm as toast. Well worth the price!  If you get some tarp clips and sew them into the Duvet you can clip the comforter into the Duvet and it works great in keeping it where you want it, just an observation.  I would not hesitate in another purchase from "Royal Velvet" the quality and the appearance are worth the price. I have to keep the door closed to keep  my doberman off if and he has access to the other rooms just a lot of class. He likes the quality and the softness, not to mention the warmth. Go figure. People 1, Doberman 2.  Not to mention that I have lowered the heat at night so the comforter is cost wise free since I am as warm or warmer than before, not a bad investment.
cool color. good product, good value on all fiesta ware, just don't order the sunflower yellow, cracks easil
Party Pleaser!. Bought this fountain after I had borrowed one for a New Years Eve Party.  This one was even better than the one I borrowed! Very sturdy, quiet, and easy to put together and clean.  The light in the middle makes this a great eye catcher, I kept getting compliments on it all night!  This is a great product at a great price. Shipping was fast too
Great filter for basic/small tank needs. I got this filter after reading several reviews via the internet. I have to say I was impressed with how easy it was to get it setup. Including the time to wash all the parts I got it going in about half an hour and it has been working flawlessly. Deciding to include the media in the new model was a smart move on Eheim's part. Since there are only two baskets in this model you have to be careful how you pack them otherwise they will not lock properly. If you want to include an extra filter pad for example you will have to skim off other media as they will have to share the same basket.It is quiet...in fact it is so much quieter than the hang on filter it replaced that my partner asked me if it was working! It does an infinitely better job of keeping the tank wanter clean as well.The only complaint I have is that the hinges for the multipurpose handle are plastic. I would have thought that metal of some kind would provide a more sturdy setup. (I mention this because while I was doing maintenance the handle actually popped off and I noticed it then). Otherwise it's been a flawless performer in the month and a half I've had it
soft pillowcases. They have the wonderful feel of softness and silk and shiny, loved the colors and so now i have beautiful pillows. They service was fantastic also delivery was quite and carefully pack. Thank yo
Great!. It has served its purpose well.  We currently plug in five devices and now we always have them charged and we know where they are.  Well made and matches our home decor
Perfect Idea, may need tweaking. I saw this product on an info-mercial and immediately log onto Amazon to see if the product was available there. Amazon had the product at a lower price than the T.V show so I ordered one for myself to try. The size is perfect for making salsa and does a great job with very little spillage from over flow. However, on high speed the mixer tripped my GFI socket. I tried it again to make sure it wasn't that particular socket, but it did it again on a different outlet. You also have to be careful with onions on the high speed; the onions turned to mush. The unit performs very well on the lower speed using the pulse mode. Overall I am pleased with the appliance and would recommend this to anyone looking for a smaller slicer/mixer
Cuisinart Chefs Classic Nonstick Hard-Anodized 12 piece cookware ser. After 40 years of marriage, I have finally found cookware that lives up to its description.  I enjoy cooking with these pots.  They cook evenly and are a breeze to clean.  The handles do not heat and feel balanced and safe while handling them.I even like the glass lids that allow me to see what's happening without lifting the lid.I just recommended them to my daughter-in-law
4 out of 8 were chipped!!!. I loved the pattern so much I ordered two sets!  Opened them up and loved the vibrant colors, BUT out of 8 coffee mugs, 4 were chipped.  I have to return the entire package just to get 4 more mugs.  Not a good idea to bother with this item.
Very Pretty Canisters. These Canisters are the prettiest and most elegant i have seen in a long while,they are very easy to clean and they are airtight,they could match almost any decor, i am looking forward to buying the complete franciscan line for my kitchen
Stock up. If you have the Fresh Flow fountain unit, it's not a bad idea to keep a few extra of these around.  I only use the fountain when we're going out of town-- I tried to use it daily, my my stone freak of a cat splashes all the water out onto the floor, contaminating what's left (and in a mold-prone area like Michigan, the filter then gunks up very quickly).  Cat #2 gets the short end of the stick on this one. Design vs. application:  great design, but we really can't use it like we'd prefer
Great starter kit. I have tried many other jerkey makers and keep going back to this one...although it doesnt have much capacity you can order two and have your kids fill the other one while you are shooting one.  My favorite receipe is one I call "Zippy", it has one pouch of "Hot and Spicy" (from the Nesco site) and two pouches of "Original" mixed in a ziplock then mixed in three pounds of meat and cure.  I really have abandoned all other spice mixtures...all of my friends like "Zippy".  As for dehydators, Nesco makes the best (if they have a circulating fan) but I have outgrown mine and bought the commercial dehydrator from Cabelas which can do about 30 pounds of jerkey at a time.  Even with this volume, I still use the Nesco spice and gun, they are the best
Litterally the best filtration system out there. PUR is the best water filtration company i've stumbled upon. Their PUR Ultimate filters litterally make water better, healthier and great tasting. Just go to the store and see all the contaminants, chemicals and pesticides these filters remove. I guarantee you Brita filters don't remove farmland pesticides or certain bacteria
Nice!. I bought these on impulse (I needed $15 more to get free shipping) and they are very nice, and soft, too. However, I find them a little full for sleeping on, but they are great for reading in bed, and put in a sham, they make the bed look really nice. Quality pillows
Looks great and works great, too!. I bought this to use for movie nights that we host.  Right out of the box I was able to get a batch of popcorn going.  The only downside that I can see is the pot is not easy to thoroughly clean.  However, the unit seems to be made solidly and a terrific value
Very techy...Recommend with reservations. The GOOD:Adds a touch of class to the kitchen. Very attractive piece. Nice chrome finish. Very techy looking...the pictures don't nearly do it justice. And I like the way it drains out the water into the sink. Very cool.The BAD:The dishrack portion holds just that...dishes. No bowls of ANY depth, no pots or pans of any kind...no lids for your pots/pans...unless they have the aproximate depth of a dinner plate. Try to stick those things in there and they'll lean forward on the next object in front of them. I guess I'm disappointed because our old crappy looking rack held these items firmly in place. The utensil rack is made of semi-transparent plastic with drain-holes. I have no idea what this thing is going to look like after several months of us dumping knives and forks into it.Still...I like it. We'll try to make this work ;-)How it can be improved:Re-design the dishrack to accomodate some items with slightly greater depth than a dinner plate. Replace the plastic utensils holder with something that won't get scratched up. Or...just make it bigger. Add 3 inches in depth, 2 inches in height. Then you'd have the king of all dishracks
very good washer, you will not regret buying it  :). I have been using this Haier Portable Compact Washer  - HLP21E for more than 1 year and 3 months .So far no problem at all.
Great Value!. This griddle is a quality product made of heavy duty materials.  There is plenty of room to add enough pancakes, grilled cheese sandwiches, etc. to help save food preparation time for large families.  It is a great value for the money.
pretty good cord control. I bought this station just to control the hydra of cords needed to charge two cell phones and a PDA.  It does the job pretty well.  I would have made the top deck of the unit level, not slanted, so that recharging devices stayed on top easier.  The unit does get dusty but that is more my bad cleaning habits than a design flaw.  It seems a little pricey for what is not much more than a powerstrip inside a box...
My dad loved this set. I bought this for my dad and he was very happy with it.  One of the glasses broke during shipping and it took a long time to replace the set.  Amazon said the item was back ordered and would take over a month to ship.  I complained and miraculously the new set arrived shortly.  So in the end it was a great set, looks great, and the price was right.  I think the problems with shipping could happen with any glassware and I wouldn't assume this set is of poor quality.  I would buy this again but probably not as a gift
Great value!. It's a great-looking gate for the money.  It also functions very well and is adjustable.  Just be sure that you measure your doorway and put it together using the correct hardware configuration for your doorway's size
I was lucky to get the STAINLESS Popper on Clearance. I was lucky to get the Stainless Popper on Clearance.  It is wonderful. We have used it for several months now.  It is so fast and the pop corn is like movie theatre pop corn.  I am so disappointed that Target is not carrying the stainless model anymore.  My college children who don't live at home want their own, even my daughter who had not been a popcorn fan.  I'm sorry to hear about problems with the all aluminum models.  When I bought mine, I chose stainless because I knew it could handle the high heat well - and of course the bottom can go in the dishwasher.  Hey, Target, how about carrying the stainless model again?
No problems so far. I bought this light for my wife several months ago.  There have been absolutely no problems, and it even seems to be holding up better than my original itty bitty book light.I would get this one for myself if I decide to get another one, but I'm also checking out the flourescent one, which is supposed to never need a new bulb, and you can hardly find the bulbs for the regular ones anymore, unless you go to Zelco's website
eas-z doz-it. Much cleaner than using a hot air popper and quieter too! It even fits into my mini microwave (lid turned upside down) I love it
A great deal with a great box for a martini party!. We had friends over and made grasshoppers. The size was perfect for experimenting with the flavors and variations. The storage box is great to put them away for next time. They wash well in the dishwasher and are sturdy enough for not-so-agile hands... Great value for price paid.Have fun
best chair for your money. Great quality, nice looking chair for my computer desk. Easy to assembly. This product is the best value for the money that I can get out there. If you are looking for a nice looking and comfortable chair, try this. You won't be dissapointed
Please don't cut off your cat's fingers--AKA: "declawing"!!. I used this product in combination with "Sticky Paws " (found on Amazon), and both vertical AND horizontal scratching posts. We bought two new upholstered chairs 3 weeks ago and my 3 boys haven't touched them!!--This is a great product and I will buy it again--Two paws up!
Good Quality Water Bath Canning Kit. Water bath is our first stage in learning to can. With that, we can preserve tomatoes and sauces, fruit, jellies, and pickles. Many of the skills will be used again when we add pressure canning later. This was a complete kit, and the included book covers not only water bath but pressure canning and dehydration. After adding a dozen quart and a dozen pint, with the included jars we are ready for our first year project with the children. All items appear to be of good quality, and it was quick to arrive
Excellent Snow cone Maker!. This was my son's favorite gift this year. He made snow cones for everyone who came over. He is twelve and can safely operate it and clean up. What more could a Mom want
Like crushed ice? ..This is  definitely a must have!!. Love it to pieces! this is the best 34.00 you will ever spend.  You will not be sorry.  It is so well worth it, crushed ice is so refreshing anytime of the year...and can also help to shed those unwanted pounds.  Most of us can relate to that, right? Just DO IT!  It's great for when you've got the munchies...just grab your ice crusher and a glass and start chompin
I love this bowl. I ordered a 12 piece place setting and a couple of the extra pieces in the cinnabar color.  I haven't received the dishes yet only this bowl but it is perfect!  I just spent a fortune on linens for my kitchen in a cranberry and tan plaid and this matches sooooo perfect.  I will be using this bowl as a serving bowl rather than a mixing bowl.  Can't wait for the rest of my items to come
Great Starter Dehydrator. Have tried to dehydrate several fruits - peaches, bananas, papaya, pineapple - turned out great. Jerky - better than store bought. Haven't tried leathers yet. Am very pleased with FD-35 - have been using it almost every day since it arrived. Cindy, Watha, N
Exceptional Piece. It really is worth 5 stars.. when I got it I was impressed that it does look even better than the picture, is very sturdy, and a functional work of art for your kitchen. I almost passed on it because of the price, but I couldn't stand that old plastic one we had that just didn't cut it - didn't look too good and tipped over. So this was an investment, a very functional piece that will be on the counter all the time, and definitely be a conversation piece for guests!! I'll be looking into acquiring more Arthur Court items, excellent quality.One other note, in the photo above, the bananas must be really short because they are very high over the fruit in the bowl, whereas our regular size bananas hang down much lower (don't laugh, I'm really talking about the bananas here!). But the hook is just the right height and I will probably put shelled nuts in the bowl instead of fruit
Rich, Bright Glaze with Classic Lines. This is a wonderful bowl for a centerpiece and don't hesitate to also use it as a serving bowl. Fiestaware is famous for its excellent glazes and this piece does not disappoint. The cinnabar color is particularly nice to use around Christmas time. I also ordered the sauceboat w/platter to go along with this (although Amazon still hasn't shipped it) and plan on having a killer tablescape this Christmas
Never woulda thunk it... We used to spend so much money on cat toys it was absurd. This is the LAST one I will ever buy for a cat. I bought six for Christmas gifts for friends with feline friends, and they all agree - THIS IS THE #1 Cat Toy of the Millenium. Seriously. My cat loves it, drags it around the house and gets the best, healthiest exercise of anything we've ever tried. It has a clear plastic wand that I've stepped on a zillion times and it does not break. The rubber that holds the material on KEEPS the material on it, no matter what. It's sturdy and the colors make it easy to find on the carpets. Turn your adult cat into a kitten again. I am ordering THREE today - more gifts for friends and a back-up for my girl. I sent four to Belgium as gifts, also. THEY LOVE THEM IN EUROPE
Smoking and BBQ. I have found this thermometer a great help in smoking and grilling large cuts of meat or fish.
Beautiful Roses. Ordered this for my diningroom table. It adds the character I was looking for.  Beautiful roses look great.
very good knife holder. This is a very good quality product. It is just as described and good quality wood and manufacutring. Takes up less space than most of the others
I love this bowl. I ordered a 12 piece place setting and a couple of the extra pieces in the cinnabar color.  I haven't received the dishes yet only this bowl but it is perfect!  I just spent a fortune on linens for my kitchen in a cranberry and tan plaid and this matches sooooo perfect.  I will be using this bowl as a serving bowl rather than a mixing bowl.  Can't wait for the rest of my items to come
Granite Ware Lobster Steamer. I have been looking for this pot for quite a bit, was I happy to find it on this web site!The price was right and the shipping was Super Fast!!!The crabs never tasted better!!!!Jim Dunca
Sweet, but ridge hurts my hand. I've used a wooden-handled Japanese vegetable knife for many years, which I purchased at a Zen cooking class from Ed Brown who authored the Tassahara Cookbook.  The bone ferrule cracked and I reluctantly replaced it with the Shun.I like a lot of things about my Santoku, including its size, weight and unusual blade finish. However I think the shape of the handle (I'm right-handed) is uncomfortable in my small-to-medium size hand.  I actually think it would work better for lefties!  To be fair, my wife does not have the same complaint.The Shun Classic is a prized tool in our kitchen and it's always a treat to reach for it, but I could do without the almost-sharp handle ridge
Love 'em. It's amazing how such a cheap gadget can steal your heart.  I used to use a rubber vacuum stopper in my wine bottles, and I still thought the wine went rancid after a day.  I now don't even use that system, as now I just use these wine pourers, which have stoppers which go into them.  I can say that the wine is certainly no worse in later days than with my more expensive vacuum gadget.  And then the main use:  I love not having wine drops all over my tablecloths, kitchen counters, and coffee tables.  These really work, and they're of a high construction quality.  I have found myself buying them for gifts for others, as you get 2 in a pack.  No spill pouring at all, nice design, good quality stoppers plug into them, etc.  Pop a cork, insert one of these, and roll until the bottle is empty, whenever that is
10-ounce mug. We have had a set of eight of these in Sea Mist and have used them for morning coffee for several years.  They will sit on Fiestaware saucers just fine.I have never burned myself with the handle as mentioned below, but tend to hold it with two hands or with the saucer together, not just by the handle.  Fiestaware is very sturdy and even if the handle were larger might feel heavy in one hand.(They are made like hotel china, essentially.  Homer Laughlin is a hotel china company, in fact.  The first set of dishes I had from them decades ago were some of their hotel line.)For a bigger cup for cafe au lait style, I can recommend the Fiestaware "jumbo cups."  We have a set of those in Sea Mist and use them for coffee, but also for heating soup in the microwave.  They are both great.  Never been disappointed with Fiestaware
Very happy customer. I also have reservations about Wamsutta products but was very happy with these sheets.  I washed them and they were fine, no shrinking, no piling.  It should be noted that I don't use liquid fabric softener in the wash, maybe that makes a difference as fas as piling.  Exrta deep pockets fit my pillowtop mattress quite nicely with room to spare, something I've had trouble finding in the past.  Very soft and comfortable.  Overall, I was very happy with this product
A Good Sleep. I have only slept on this one night and immediately feel the difference.  The mattress topper went over a Nikken pad on a firm foam mattress on a platform bed and I am finally getting the comfort and cushioning I want.  The Nikken pad may go the way of all things, but the new foam pad is here to stay.
even-heating and very durable. I've had my Revere pots and pans for years and they've been great.They're stainless steel with copper bottoms so they heat up more evenly than aluminum.Everything looks good and fits together right.I even have a 10 quart Revere pot that I use for boiling lasagna noodles!What more can you ask?
Tomato planter. It works as described, easy to put together. Tomatos grow quickly and with no problem
A good and inexpensive scale. I really like this scale, it's easy to store and not too heavy. It measures perfectly and the bowl on top is a great addition
Great buy. This product has a great finish and great look. The price is right too. I love it
cup. Ordered two, one arrived with broken handle.  Replacement procedure was quick and the replacement actually arrived the date I returned the broken cup.  Excellent service
The Quintessential Teapot. This is a beautiful teapot! It looks even better close up than in the on-line picture. I gave this teapot as a gift and my friend loves it. It even looks good on the shelf. It works quite well and my friend felt it was exactly the gift she had wanted. Well worth the money in my opinion.
Portion Control Helper. I already owned 3 of these dishes and wanted several more to help with dieting and portion control.  They're great to freeze anything, then heat in the microwave and even eat out of.  THE ONLY THING I was disappointed about with these new ones I ordered was that the dishes' bottom rims are rough and seem unfinished whereas my older ones are smooth.  I'm afraid these new ones will scrape my countertop or table.  Because they're such great little dishes, I decided not to return them.  If that's the way Corningware is making them now, I'm disappointed, but I will just have to remember to be careful not to slide them across nice surfaces
Advanced Remoter Trainer. I have had an older TriTronics remote collar that came with a flashlight sized remote. I have had a TriTronics Sportsman 50 that came with a remote a little bigger than a pack of cigarettes. Both of those came with basically one button on the remote control. The IUT-300 has a remote little bigger than the average car remote. It also has 9 levels set from the remote as well as a tone only option and a boost button for dealing with strong distractions. With the purchase of another collar it can control two dogs. The collar is the lightest, slimmest one I've seen on any trainer. A training DVD using escape, or avoidance, training is included. All components appear to be of high quality construction. In a large open field it easily met the claimed 300 yard range. Buildings and trees will of course cut the range considerably. Our 85lb mixed breed puppy is wearing it now to acclimate to it. In about a week I will show him what else it can do. I only gave it 4 stars because it comes in a cardboard box with no storage case or box. I put it in a small camera case but think the manufacturere could have at least included a zippered pouch. Based on my limited experience with the IUT-300 I think it should be an excellent choice for pet and companion dog owners that don't need greater range.After six short training sessions over two days the puppy is controllable off the leash. He has taken off a couple of times but comes back when reminded he can still be corrected. He is far from trained but at least now he can get some exercise in the yard
Love It. I should have bought a griddle years ago.  I have been frying eggs and making pancakes in a cast iron skillet!  It just doesn't work very well.   I finally came to my senses and decided to research griddles and settled on this one.  I am so glad I did.  It has durable construction, is easy to clean and does a great job.  I have cooked pancakes, bacon, eggs, and fried potatoes on it all at once and everything turned out great.  It was a little pricier than some other griddles that I could have purchased at a big box but it appears to be more heavy duty and I love the removeable drip pan.
Great value for price. I've never been disappointed by Wamsutta flannel. These are very nice and the price is great. I got them in the outlet. I got Maple, Lotus and Pink and the Maple was browner than I expected, but will do. I should have bought pairs at the price I paid. Highly recommended at this price
Wonderful Glasses. These are wonderful port glasses that I have already used several times.  They are very delicate yet engineered to be really tough.  I'll have them for a long time.  Also, the price on Amazon was cheaper than I found in any store.
So Glad I Bought This Model!. First, I totally agree with the other reviewers' raves. I was kind of spooked by so many negative reviews of similar products, so I am very happy I bought this brand & model. It's washable too! The lowest setting is perfect for overnight after warming the bed up on a higher setting. Now I can use just a light comforter over me instead of heavy, constricting blankets. I often have overnight hot flashes so periodically throw off the covers. With this nice warm pad underneath, my bed remains cozy when the flash ends & I'm cold again. Bravo - highly recommended & only $60 too. A winner!
I WISH I COULD BUY ONE FOR EVERYONE!!!. This is the best appliance!  I bought one for my friend at work and one for my other friend after I received one as a gift.  I also told the UPS guy about it when he asked why I ordered two of the things and he ordered one as well.  LOVE IT! LOVE IT! LOVE IT
A good product!. I bought this product back in July 2005 and have been using it to make my morning protein shakes.  It does a good job of it.  I cannot comment on its ability to make icecream as I try to stay away from that stuff.  The unit has a very solid construction.  The stainless steel glass is great.  I just drink my shake from it.  So it saves me from having to wash another glass.  I just have one small issue with it.  You cannot remove the spindle to clean it. You have to use the stainless steel glass with warm, soapy water, put it under the spindle and then rotate it around to clean it.  Well, the problem is this - while I am drinking my shake, the spindle is dripping liquid on the part of the unit that flares out on the bottom.  Okay, okay, it's no big deal, I suppose.  All in all, I like this product, and I would recommend it.
Perfect. Very unique item.  I like the size and how the cup fits perfectly into the saucer. Great concept.
Great Toaster. This is an excellent product. It's very nice and retro looking and works really well. I love the fact that it has a cancel button so anytime you want to stop the toasting process, you hit the button and the bread pops up. My last toaster did not have this feature so I am very pleased.
Great Water!!. This little item is easy to assembly and use. Makes great water for my fish.I'm glad I bought it!! Donn
Love it. I bought this grinder and just love it.  I don't seem to have any of the problems others are having...it isn't messy and my coffee has not stuck to the bottom at all.  I love that it is larger, as we like our coffee strong, and with this one, we can grind a larger amount.  Someone mentioned it takes up to 30 seconds to grind your coffee....well coffee should be ground for 20-30 seconds anyway for a perfect flavor...I grind it for about 25 seconds in this grinder and it comes out perfect!
Great Bowls!. These bowls are very nice. I ordered them because the bowls I had didn't even hold an 18oz can of soup. These bowls hold a decent amount, and are heavy duty. The glaze does scratch easily, but not so much that it is noticable.
Great knife with slippery  handle, Beware on steeling it. Cuts like a Samurai blade quality, and doesn't need to steel as frequent as the Henckels/ Wusthof knives. It has excellent weight for a medium sized hand. However, the handles get quite slippery when wet, so keep your hands clean and dry while using this knife for safety. Also, if you plan on saving money on getting a cheaper steel, DON'T, because this Global blade is much harder than the Henckels/Wusthof blades; a qood quality Diamond coated or ceramic steel is a must, or if you really like the steel design, get the Global steel which can cost quite a bit. Overall, this is a good quality knife with proper care and attention needed, just like a Samurai would do to get use to his sword
A Wok Ring Review... This is your average wok ring. It works fine and is worth the inexpensive ammount of money. It makes stir fry so much bette
Don't listen to the negative reviews- these are handy!. I bought this set of scissors about 6 years ago and they work just as perfectly now as the day I bought them!  I reach for them CONSTANTLY!  The variety of sizes is wonderful.  Yes, the handles may be plastic but that does not mean they wear out or break - they are very durable. They've stayed sharp, they are easy to clean, they have not loosened at all where the joint is located and the larger scissors are very sturdy and strong! I've cut small wire with them and they stay super sharp and undented! Awesome gift!  In fact I'm going to purchase another set for a Christmas gift
A Dramatic Change for the Better!. My elderly kitty had orthopedic surgery on his right knee in Feb '07 and a month later he was still in pain and walking very gingerly.  Our local vet suggested Nutramax Cosequin for Cats and within four days there was an absolutely dramatic change for the better.  Moses stopped growling, crying, and biting his tail.  He began walking around the bedroom in which he was confined (for safety).  His appetite improved and he enjoyed grooming once again.  He has continued his progress and his walk is sure-footed and appears painless.  He sleeps well, is as active as his surgeon allows, and we are very thankful to have found this product.  My fiancee believes that Glucosamine and Chondroitin enabled him to postpone his knee surgery for nearly ten years so he was not as surprised as I about our kitty's improvement.Pain and arthritis control is so difficult in cats.  Please speak to your Vet and consider trying this product.  Open the capsules and sprinkle into about a tablespoonful of food and mix it in.  Our little Mr. Fussy-eater likes it just fine!  Then offer any other food your cat might like.  Cosequin certainly reduced, and has nearly ended, any visible suffering for our precious little guy.  Thanks, Nutramax.  R
Worth the price!!. I bought this item for indoor use and I'm happy I did it. It is really comfortable and reliable (Atleast so far). Though not like a cotton mattress, it still holds good for guest bed room and other occasional use.
Large and Holds Up Well. I bought this double spoon rest in September of last year and use it every day. It still shines like new.  The thing I like best about this item is it is large. It can hold large utensils like a spatula and soup ladle at the same time.  Wonderful product - that's why I gave it 5*****.
sheets from heaven!. These are great!!!! Like sleeping on a cloud! I got a wonderful deal on the "deal of the day" when these were featured.  Can't bet the price for the quality of these babies! BUY THEM... I know you will love them
Delonghi Dragon Oil-Filled Radiator works like a charm. I bought this heater after returning a similar refurb from Amazon that was in bad physical condition and missing a wheel (Amazon's return policy worked like a charm- I did not have to pay the UPS return!)..  This new unit has a 24 hour timer with off/on settings for every 15 minutes, can be set to turn on only when the temperature drops below freezing, and has other settings.  I have had it for less than a month and it is ticking away.  I bought it since I had other similar Delonghi units in the past that did the job and do not put a drain on the electrical bill
Perfect little coffee machine. This Bodum is smaller than it looks in the pictures, but it is really an excellent product. I use it everyday and it perfect for a couple of cups of perfect coffee. I also use it for making tea. I highly recommend this product over other models and brands
Consistently good grind, but takes experience to dose. I've had this grinder for over two decades and it has performed well. When I first got my machine, I wondered which setting number would be good for cappuccino, or any particular grind.  The manual said that since coffee can vary from variety to variety, or even from one roast to another, it's a matter of adjusting to each batch of beans.  Perhaps with 34 settings, people have found that to be helpful, but I have found my beans to be consistent enough that adjustments are necessary for type of coffee, but can be left alone for a particular type of coffee and a particular variety of beans from a source.  At the time I got the machine, I got my beans from Peet's back when they had five stores and no other distribution channels.  Although they are a larger chain now, they are still small enough that roasting can be well controlled, and they can still buy beans from a single source for a variety to meet the needs of the chain. For beans from other sources, where roasting is done at a variety of locations, or from beans from differing sources, you might need  to pay more attention to adjustments.A much bigger issue that affects strength and everything else is the dosing.  From reading the other reviews, it does not seem to have changed since I got my unit.  The top of the unit can be filled with beans, and the part over the dispensing area will fill up with a remarkably consistent grind. That round area is divided into six sections, like a wheel with spokes. Five of the sections get filled with grounds. One section is empty, and is above the dispenser.  Each time the lever is pulled, the wheel rotates one position clockwise, and one section gets dispensed through the empty section.  In theory, if the unit were full, the amount of coffee in each section would be consistent.  Chances are that in real life, you would not want to fill the unit up for home use, since the grounds would not be fresh by the time you use them. If you grind just enough for a few cups, then the coffee will not end up in the compartments evenly, and dosing by counting pulls will not work.  If you lift the lower lid, you can see where the coffee is, and you will likely see a small mound in the back and partly filled areas toward the front if you grind smaller amounts.  You could redistribute things with a brush, but even that way, some areas would end up more compacted than others. Or you could merely gain the experience to know how much was dispensed compared to how much you need, and pull the handle accordingly. Another option is to gring with the lower lid off.  As you watch grinds fall into the compartment, you can rotate as each compartment gets filled, dispensing as you go along.  Then you can become consistent once you develop a good eye for it.Whether you want to consider the dispenser poorly designed is a matter of perspective.  If you believe that this unit was designed to grind beans for two cups of coffee, then it would be a fair conclusion.  If you believe that this unit was designed for people who prepare 6-12 cups an hour, you might think that it's just fine.  If you believe that it was designed for a higher level of fairly constant use, you would probably not be disappointed. But since this unit is most likely for home users, it's hard to claim that the dispenser is ideally suited to the task.Experience will let you know how high the grounds are supposed to be when you put them in the filter basket, and it's not going to take you long to learn.  While this unit is not fool proof, chances are that you are not a fool, so things will work out.For me, the bottom line is that once you know the correct grind setting for your beans, the unit is more "set it and forget it" than what the instructions said, at least with consistent beans, but the dispenser is a lot less "set it and forget it" than what the literature implies.Personally, I prefer a unit that takes the guess work out of getting the grinds to be the right consistency, since it's easy to get the amount dispensed right by eyeballing it. This unit does very well in that respect.I use this in conjunction with a Gaggia Coffee (now known as Gaggia Classic; the new Gaggia Coffee is a different machine) and the two make a good pair.  Learning how much coffee to dispense is a minor part, compared to learning how long to hold the switch on the espresso machine, or how to froth milk perfectly, but ultimately, it boils down to knowing how to make a proper espresso. If you can tell when to stop the water based on the color of the coffee coming out, then a bit more or less from the grinder will affect how full the cup gets rather than the taste of your brew. You can't automate a perfect espresso, but you can use the correct tools to allow you to make one with experience
Great product for the $. It's well worth the 35 bucks.  It's not too thick which means you can actually sleep with it and not sweat to death.
Rooster Pasta review. Everything arrived in great condition the set is wonderful! Even better than pictured it was a gift but I may need to order one for myself!
Fiestaware Fan!. Last holiday season, I received this Fiestaware Scarlet dinnerware set as a gift. I absolutely love these dishes. They are strong, look wonderful, and put a smile on my face every time I open my cupboard at mealtime. Not one dish has chipped or cracked and the color is even and vibrant. I find the size of each item comfortable to use. The fact that they are dishwasher and microwave safe is just another wonderful bonus. Now I am looking forward to adding more pieces to my collection. Buy this set! The quality and price can't be beat!!
Chocolate Fountain. The fountain arrived in good shape just in time for Christmas parties.  It worked fine and was enjoyed by all
Salad Shooter. Excellent. It arrived quite quickly and is absolutely awesome. We had an older salad shooter that had worked well, but could not compare to the professional model. And the price at Amazon was great, plus no shipping charge. Great job Amazon
Well Worth the Price. I thought maybe this was a bit expensive for something I might not use that often but let me tell you it is well worth it and now that I have it I will use it often.  It heats very slowly and evenly and you use on a flame to sear the outside of stuff and saute then combine everything and transfer to the oven.  The meats will turn out perfectly cooked and tender.  If your thinking about getting this buy it.
Keeper of the Garlic. Such a pretty vase. OH, it is used to store garlic, how practicl.  I saw this at a store, and am going to get one.  I usually just store garlic in a bowl, which since it is not covered like this lovely vase, my bird also gets to enjoy the Garlic.  But his not only puts it 'away', it is also decorative
Simply Amazing. I also got a much better deal on this product a few years ago through the Gold Box. I don't think I would have survived telling my wife I spent over $300 on a pot so I know I paid much less. Like all Le Creuset products, this is heirloom quality. I don't use it all that often but when I need to cook a big meal, this is the first thing I grab. It's the size of a small bathtub and it's heavy. Like the previous reviewer said, it will fit just about anything. Cleaning it is also easy. For the darker stains, use a little Bar Keeper's friend and it will look just like new. If you can afford it, and if you cook big meals, this French Oven will be your best friend
love it. this is the best. It is compact, sturdy, and a must for those who have little storage areas. Ours holds a broom, hammer, mop, swiffer, and swiffer wet jet with no problems. Everyone we know has one just because they saw ours. It really is fantastic
Awesome Peeler. This peeler is very heavy duty, and extremely sharp. I've used it almost daily for 4 months now, and put it in the dishwasher every day.  It stays sharp and peels quickly.  I have never used the straight style peeler; I like the curved one with the horizontal blade, so I was skeptical about this one, but hooked the first time I tried it.  The KitchenAid variety of colors is an added bonus.  I highly recommend this peeler
Looks great on your counter. This is a great little oil drizzler. It's not really big enough to use for coooking or everyday since you'd be refilling it all the time, but that's what your big glass pourers are for. It's very pretty and dainty on a counter or table top.
Definitely  worth the money !!. If your not a pro you will become one. It is so much fun to work with knifes of that grade they cut everything like butter.For starters I recommend:The Global 7-Inch Vegetable Knife andthe Global 7-Inch Hollow-Ground Santoku and of courseMinoSharp Water Knife Sharpener, Gray/Blackthats what I have... I never use something else !
Great functionality and beautiful too. LOVE this toaster.  Looks fab!  Works like a dream.  The base of the toaster is the crumb tray so it keeps itself pretty clean and it is easy to toss the crumbs.  The only think is you have to remember that the base tray is not attached to the main body when picking it up.  The toasting slots sense when you place bread in and automatically lower then with a nice little bell raise your toast up to you.  The toasting function works really well producing nice even toasting.  The warming function is also great to keep slices of toast warm.  Also warms up cold torillas nicely.  I am really happy with my beautiful toaster.    I was a little hesitant to buy it sight unseen on the internet - but it does not seem to be carried in many storesso far.
Great pan... Pots and pans is more of a personal choice... but I found these work great. I have used them for a few months now and they still look brand new. I have a gas stove top and you can't see any burn marks, etc.Non-stick works perfect - easy clean up every time. I like the added bonus of the grips on the handles as you can hold them and feel virtually no heat while they are on the stove.Heat distribution seems to be fine.I only wash them by hand, I have not tried to put them in the dishwasher as I am afraid it will damage them, besides, clean up is so easy, you can be done with it in no time.
great chair, especialy for the price. I use this desk chair frequently, as a student I spend many hours sitting and studying at my desk.  The chair doesn't take up much space in my small apartment and it is comfortable and sturdy. Plus, it was a great value, so even if it doesn't last forever, I am very happy for now
Solid and good looking. This silverware is exactly what I was looking for. I bought it in the Friday Sale and consider it a huge bargain. The flatware is solid, heavy, and has a classic, simple design that I prefer. The satin finish is my preference and looks great.I needed to replace my mismatched collection of flatware, some fairly good, some cheap and flimsy, with a matching set having only pieces that I like the look and feel of and that has enough pieces to become the only flatware that I'll keep in my silverware drawer. This fits the bill perfectly.The only thing that surprised me and might surprise some others is the size of the dinner forks. The regular forks are so large that at first I thought the first one I picked up was supposed to be a serving fork! They're certainly usable as regular forks, but we might just be using the salad forks as dinner forks on a regular basis. ;-) That's not a problem considering there are eight of each - plenty to go around for whatever purpose one prefers.This is excellent flatware at a bargain price even now that it's higher than the Friday Sale price I paid. I'd recommend it to anyone looking for a full set of good-looking, sturdy silverware that should last a lifetime of daily use
Awesome. Very well worth the cost(IMHO it is worth far more than it does cost).Just wish I would have seen the knife like this with a hollowed edged earlier(I don't think Amazon has it, but it was only $8 more at a different site)
Meowie-wowie!. Both my cats love this toy and it's unusual to find a single toy that appeals to both of them.  The center of the toy  has velcro so you can open it up and stuff in fresh catnip and then it's like a whole new toy.  The cats like the four dangly legs and find it easy to throw in the air or carry around with them.  It also skids along nicely on linoleum or handwood floors.  They also enjoy the squirrel and chipmunk by the same manufactuerer but this is by far their favorite
clean air at a good price. I reviewed several air purifiers before purchasing the Hamilton Beach 04160 with UV light unit.  With all the misleading information on HEPA fitlers, ionic and electrostatic units on the market it can be hard to find exactly what you need. My son has asthma and we all have air borne allergies.  Since installation of the unit, in the family room and bed room, the level of dust has decreased and my son has not had an asthmatic attack either.  All air purifiers make noise. I give the level of noise a #2 with #1 being very quite. For the price of the unit, price of replacement parts and the quality of performance Hamilton Beach is the one I selected
Powerful, efficient. This Sunbeam hand-held is so powerful it amazes me.  I have an antique Sunbeam mixer, and this new one is about twice as efficient and so small and nice to use, easy to clean.  Timely delivery.  Thank you
FiestaWare brings color to life. This is a great set of dinnerware!! After 25 years, my husband and I decided to bring some color into our lives by replacing our wedding gift white Corelle with festive FiestaWare. How lovely to open the cabinets and see color!!! We've mixed colors and have an eight piece display of color. FiestaWare is not only beautiful, but durable.  And it can be put in the dishwasher, microwave, oven and freezer!!! It may cost a bit more than some of the trendy stuff available, but it's adaptability to all uses makes it a fabulous value!!! If you are at all tempted by it --- BUY IT!!!! You will LOVE it! Put some color in your life
Love It!. I am very pleased with my purchase.  I have replaced my sweeper that I had for 6yrs. I have no complaints, except it does get a little dusty but not a very big deal. I would recommend it, and also very affordable
It really does work. One of our cats, only seven years old, began to develop a substantial limp in his right front leg. The vet diagnosed arthritis and prescribed Cosequin, which is primarily a combination of Glucosamine and Chondroitin. We've been giving it to our cat for the last half year, and his limp has almost entirely disappeared. Since it's rather unlikely that our cat is experiencing a placebo effect, I'm inclined to credit the Glucosamine and Chondroitin.After experimenting with dosage, we've settled on three pills a day (the cat is 14.5 pounds), given in the morning, afternoon, and evening.  Even if we forget one once in a while it's no big deal (it helps to have one of those daily pill cases to keep track).  The cat has gotten very used to having a pill shoved down his throat.  One person can lay him on his side, open his jaws, and poke the pill down with the other hand.  It only takes a couple of seconds.  Of course, your mileage may vary; some cats are terrible at taking pills.Cosequin is available from many web sites all over the Internet, sometimes even with free shipping.  But Amazon has a decent price.  It's all the same brand.
Great Light...without disturbing others. I purchased this light for my wife as she likes to read in bed some nights.  I had purchased other lights, but they were cumbersome and took a multitude of batteries.  This light has worked great. Bright so that she can see well, but with its adjustable field of light, keeps it from waking me up at night.  Haven't had to change the batteries yet, seems like they last quite awhile
If you like the taste of real cream -- A MUST!. I've owned this item for years, and I can't say I use it every day, but when I do I'm always impressed:  Easy to use, easy to store, easy to clean.  It's one of my favorite kitchen gadgets.  I even had to order replacement parts recently from the manufacturer (I lost the top nozzle in a move), and it was no problem on-line :
Timer. Works great for turning a light off and on at exact times.  Would have liked a randon on/off feature
Idea. This looks like a great organizer, but with you people that have a x-box ps2 game cube and a dvd player you can buy cd cases that music cds come in and place the ps2 xbox and game cube games in those along with the dvds. It would be a bit of money depending on how many games and dvds you have though..
Great Cookware Set. Best cookware set I have ever had. They cook evenly. You don't have to use high heat at all. I is really hard to burn food. Only bad thing is the handle gets real hot
Krumkake. Makes thin krumkaker the way a Norwegian likes them.! The ability to select color intensity is very nice - but you need to know what to look for! Too hot iron will bake thin batter faster than you expect. First time use, pay attention, but then you are set.  Very convenient, easy to clean. This iron has become my best friend, since I can serve delicious krumkaker in no time. Well worth the money
Glad We Spent the Money!. We recently purchased this cabinet/stand for use with a Littermaid box.  The cabinet itself looks pretty nice and was easy to assemble (15 minutes- tops).  The Littermaid box sits on top and the clumps drop down into an (almost) endless disposal bag.  There is virtually NO odor from the litterbox anymore!With two cats, we were cleaning the Littermaid three times a week and it would have been better to do it every other day.  Now, we only need to add a scoop of litter to the box every two or three days and change the bag every TWO weeks!!The only bad thing I can think of to say is that it makes the litterbox more prominent in the room as the littermaid and cabinet sits about 3' high.  We live in an apartment.  For someone with a laundry room or a bigger place to keep it, this would be absolutely no problem at all.I would recommend this product to anyone who hates dealing with the smell and constant maintenance of a litterbox
very red. the color in the clothes are bright and do not fade easily; thick and heavy. great clothe
Grill year round (in near daylight) with this light!. Installed this on my Weber Grill that has a non functioning Weber replacement handle with (2) built in lights.  The Weber lights were never bright and the entire product failed within a year.This Brookstone Grill Light is SUPER BRIGHT, has a robust design and will clamp onto virtually any handle shape.  It illuminates the entire grill area.It uses (4) D batteries so it's much larger and heavier than the newer products with 3 or more LED lights.  However, the brightness and total grill coverage of this Brookstone light is superior to any LED products.Grilling anytime after 4pm (in the dark winter months) is a pleasure with this light.
Maxxima Portable Sensor Light -   Does what it Says!. I bought two of these lights and are delighted with them!They really do have the range they claim.  One, I placed on my husband's dresser in the bedroom (am always tripping over his laundry basket when he forgets to put it away).  And it immediately turns on as soon as I enter the doorway (approx. 13 feet away).The other is in the livingroom on the windowsill, so when he gets up in the middle of the night for a snack, it immediately turns on so he's not tripping over anything or walking into the corners of furniture.It is a bright light (but not overly so), and stays on long enough to pass through the room ...and if I want it to stay on, I can either flip a switch on it OR keep moving into it's sensor range.This is a GREAT item for dark areas of your home.  AND it works just like it says it does.I highly recommend!
Delicious. A) This little, cheap device makes wonderful coffee.  B) It's termed a "3 cup" because Italians generally drink this coffee in small, 2oz cups.  Serving size: two sips
Best Vacuum Ever!!. I love my new Dyson DC17 Animal.  I have used the Hoover Wind Tunnel for years, but this vacuum pulls up so much more dust & dog hair.  I really feel like my carpets are clean!  I would recommend to anyone to spend the money and get this one wonderful machine, rather that wasting your money on a cheaper machine that you probably won't be satified with
Lovely cheese set, lovely knives. I love this cheese set. It is perfect for the wine and cheese lover. But one note, every site that sells this cheese set says that it is dishwasher safe and it is NOT! Don't ever put any of the Laguiole utensils in the dishwasher it will ruin them
Spode Blue Italian. Spode's Blue Italian are just beautiful!  I am a new collector and I am inlove with this pattern!   Well worth it to have such gorgeous china!  And the fact that it's made in England just makes it even more special
spice rack. compact, but hold large spice jars, easy to read and find spices.
nice towels. The color of these towels is exactly what I was expecting, and the color has not faded after multiple washings. The absorbancy isn't the greatest, but I've noticed that with use and after a few washings, they have become more absorbant.For the price, definitely a good buy
Bamboo Tikis. Really cute! We used them as Sukkah lights/decorations. They're smaller than we expected, but cute decorations
Nice and sharp!!!. I just got this set to replace an awful set of knives.  They're really sharp and unlike my last set they cut straight.  I didn't get the set with the butcher block and now know that I will need that in the future (as well as another 4 steak knives), the chop n' scoop and the rock n' chop would never fit into another manufacturers block.  I am happy so far and am waiting to see how they'll hold up. Also, I was a little disappointed when I realized that this set only came with 4 steak knives.  I still keep my old set around just in case i have company and need an extra knife.  My suggestion is to go with the complete set.  That's what I wish I would have done...and what I'll eventually do
Everything I'd Expect. This Microwave for me has worked perfectly for what we use this one for.  Everything from popping an full bag of popborn to entirerly heating food.  i dont like the loud noisey buttons, thats not an distraction thou. great ite
Great little machine. I wanted the smaller pizelle maker. Two cookies are a good size to have with coffee or tea.  Machine is easy to use and I had no problem with cookies sticking.  There's no timer-so use the one tucked away in your drawer.  It takes about 30 seconds to make 4 cookies. The machine is compact and easy to store
What a difference a glass makes.... I must admit that I don't know much about wine and I never thought the glass could make the difference. Wine is wine, no matter what you drink it from, or so I thought, but boy, was I wrong! I borrowed a couple of different glasses from my local store just to see if it was really worth it to have separate glasses for the different grape varieties...and the answer is yes! Yes! YES!I tried the same wine in different glasses at home, seevral ordinary glasses, even mugs, and then in the wrong and finally in the right Riedel. It was an average priced wine, but when enjoyed from a Riedel glass it became an almost heavenly experience. I sat the whole evening enjoying the colour, inhaling the bouquet, looking at the wine flowing in my glass...after 6 hours I still wasn't even halfway through a bottle...it was really something extraordinary. Normally, I finish a bottle in a matter of 3 hours or so, but this was too good to be gulped and forgotten. The guys at Riedel got this one right, that's for sure.The cleaning however takes a certain skill. It's a very delicate affair, especially since this glass has a wide belly and a rather narrow opening for male-sized hands, making it very difficult to reach inside with a linen cloth for drying.
outstanding saute pan. Is not fully seasoned out of the box but within a short time will be a non-stick HIGH heat saute pan. Lighter in construction than other lodge pans it handles well. The casting ridges are not ground down but you will be using a potholder. Great tool period
Vacuum Bottle. When prewarmed it will keep coffee warm all day.It's a little difficult to drink from the sip through
Very pleased. My husband is a big guy so I wanted to get a bigger towel for him. I bought this towel purely because it was the biggest one I could find and was reasonably priced... It's super soft and big and fluffy and I end up stealing his towel! I will definitely be getting one for myself
Very useful utensil. We have a very productive grapeful tree that bears a lot of delicious pink grapefruits.  Good grapefruit spoons are not easy to find in the stores.  The Global set of four spoons are reasonably priced and have served us well.  We are glad that these are available through Amazon
Simply Amazing. I bought this kettle because I wanted one that was all stainless steel on the inside.  With some of the cheaper electric kettles, God only knows what chemicals are leaching out of the plastic and into the water you're about to drink.  Many of the reviews of the plastic hot pots even mention the plastic smell of the water after you heat it.  This is why I spent the extra thirty dollars to get one that was all stainless steel.Regarding the construction, the kettle is double-walled stainless steel with an air gap or other insulation in between.  This keeps the outside from getting hot during and after heating the water.  Another nice feature is that there isn't an exposed heating element inside the kettle, so you don't have to worry about minerals building up on it.  The cover is well designed.  You press a button on the cover itself and it installs onto two pivot points at the top of the kettle.  There is a button on the top of the handle that you can press to either lock the cover closed, or open it so you can pour in the water.I've only had the kettle a couple weeks, so I can't speak to its longevity, however I am amazed every time I use it just how fast it heats the water to boiling.I use it in my cubicle at work and it's very quiet, although as the water approaches a boil, you can hear a simmering noise.  It's nothing more than you get when you boil water on the stove, so that's to be expected.I would encourage anyone who is interested in getting an electric kettle to buy this model.  It seems to be a very well designed and manufactured product.
So popular, I have to buy two!. I purchased this as a Christmas gift for my parents' dog along with a few other toys for the other dogs in the family. No sooner did I open the box than my cat climbed in, pulled out the squirrel and dragged it off. She spends hours wrestling with it and it's going to break my heart to take it from her on Christmas--I'm going to buy another so that both the dog and cat each have one of their own
Ten Stars!. If I could give ten stars, I would.  I LOVE these things!!!  This is the first book light that actually does the job.  I use it at home, in the van waiting at various after school events (better than overhead lights), on planes...everywhere the lighting is poor.  When my kids were little and I'd sit with them until they fell asleep, this little wonder light kept me reading without straining my eyes!With the exception of very large books, the regular size covers virtually all pages without having to shift the wedge around to see.  I wouldn't bother with the paperback sized one, unless you only ever read small paperbacks.  The book's page is illuminated evenly from top to bottom and side to side.  I've given these as gifts to my book loving friends, and now they are giving them as gifts.  Batteries last a very long time so you aren't spending a lot of money every time you use it.  The "glass" does scratch, but only if you abuse it.  My light is usually tucked inside a book so the surface doesn't get damaged.  However, if you do scratch the "glass", it doesn't affect your ability to see through to the page to read.After wasting money on Itty Bitty Book Lights, lights that clip on, etc., I can't rave about this product enough
kay. I've use this product for years, my Calphalon cookware is 14 years old, still good a new, thanks to the cleanser.  And of course always a better deal in Amazon
Simple is beautiful. The handsomely elegant glass-on-black Oster blender crushes ice with ease and doesn't shake, as some less sturdy contenders do.Users who value simplicity - like this reviewer's noble spouse - find the available two-speed transmission sufficient with no  hankerings for more. The neutral black base and textured glass are attractive in kitchens of many colors, which adds to the appeal. One guest opined that our new blender 'reminded her of a really hot man in a tuxedo.' Actually, she didn't say anything about a really hot man, but the rest is true.This blender is louder than some others, but this is the price of power.If you want classic lines and simple operation, this may be the blender for you
Saves time. I saw this in a magazine. I wanted a solution because my kitten used to play with water and make it messy. He used to splash water with his paw and the whole floor would be wet. So, I tried this pet fountain.  My kitten and dogs love this. I also got the 50 oz attachment also.  So now, they have fresh water all the time. My dogs are happy because they don't have carry their empty bowl out to me when they were thirsty.   It gets noisy when it needs refilling.   I have had it for about 2 weeks now.  Maybe it is just a habit from cleaning pet water and food dishes, but I do clean it when I need to add fresh water. Now I only need to give the pets' fresh water every 1 1/2 to 2 days instead of twice or three times a day. Also, I don't have to worry about whether I have filled it up. When it needs refilling, I usually wash it and fill it and the 50oz attachment and it is good for almost 2 days.Oh yes, the kitten doesn't make it messy now.
Great Drinks. I purchased this Ice Crusher to make some great Icy drinks, the unit works perfectly and the crushed ice blends much better that trying to use whole ice cube
Short on ironing space?  This worked for me!. This product was easy to attach to the side of my washing machine and doesn't take up a lot of valuable space in my laundry room.  This is perfect for quick touch-ups
Best microwave popping device and best air popper on the mkt. I love popcorn and have about 4 or 5 different poppers of various types.  I've also tried various homemade methods of popping corn in the microwave.  None compares to this simple appliance.  It's just a bowl, in which you place a special cardboard cup to hold the kernels.  That all sits on a special base and you put the whole thing in the m'wave.  You can use oil or not, up to you.If you want light popcorn, especially if you want air-popped popcorn, there is no better method out there.  I had a batch the other night using Jolly Time kernels and I only had 7 duds.  The texture is excellent too.The only drawback is that it's sometimes hard to find the special cups you have to use but luckily they have them here on amazon
All that you need for great waffles. After you find your setting using the variable heat dial, you will have the perfect waffle every time, the way you want them, and with heart shaped pieces.  It's exactly what we were looking for in a waffle iron and I would recommend it over most others, especially in that price range.
works fine after 18 months. still works fine after 18 months.recommend it as supplementary burner
Wonderful Scale!. After reading over the reviews on this and a couple other scales, I settled on this one and I am very happy I did!  It's pocket size has made eating out so much easier.  And it's digital readout is absolutely wonderful.  I fix many meals at a time and seperate into smaller 'serving size' packets.  This scale has made measuring out 2 oz of protein so much easier.  The reset key is great too.  I can use either the top as a measuring tray or my own plates.  What a wonderful kitchen gadget
Great glasses at a great price. I've bought these glasses five times. Not because I have huge parties with lots of people drinking wine out of fabulous glasses--I have cheaper glasses for those functions. I keep buying them because I love drinking out of them, but we've had a breakage problem. Finally, I took time to read the manufacturer's instructions. "Don't hold the glass by the stem to dry," they say. "That causes torque and your glasses will break." The only glass we've lost since this revelation has to do with clumsiness and red wine and a light green carpet, and nothing to do with the fragility of the glasses.
useful bar item. the ice crusher is a bit noisy, and I was a little dismayed that you had to put in one cube at a time, but overall I am pleased. it does a good, quick job without any mess
Not as bad as Bund Pan Collector Says. I just got one for Christmas, and have been happy with the product. I only had to use 'extreme force' if I put too much food into the chute at once. I've been juicing pineapples and apples for a few days now and have not experienced an overheating problem. Also, compared to other juicers I've had (juiceman, etc), this one is simple to clean
EASY TO DO. NOT BAD FOR THE COST, EASY TO PUT TOGETHER, THE GRANDKIDS AGE 5 & 9 DID MOST OF IT, WE DID USE WOOD GLUE TO HOLD MORE SECURLEY .  NICE LOOKIN
Hoover Flair vacuum cleaner. I am thrilled with the vacuum cleaner and would purchase this product again  love the color als
One BIG Platter. This is great for entertaining.  My problem is storage.  It is so big that it doesn't fit in any cabinet.  It is now just on top of my refrigerator (no fiestaware should be reduced to being on the fridge having misc. "stuff" thrown on it :).  I like the other reviewer's idea of using it as art.  It's beautiful and still worthy 5 stars, but consider storage before you purchase
Finally, a cat collar that works!. I bought three of these collars for my cats because we're moving and I want them to have IDs.In the past, I've tried the wider collars with the safety snap. When I put those on, the cats would wiggle and squirm trying to get the collar off and with the safety snap they eventually unlatched them. Plus, the width of other collars tends to mat the hair around their necks.This collar, so far, is far superior. Two of my cats were hesitant about having something go over their head, but once the Safety Collar was on, they haven't thought twice about it. They haven't tried to get them off or scratched at them, it doesn't seem to bother them at all and since these collars are so thin, the fur on their necks aren't suffering.The sliding motion of the collar is easy to move back and forth yet secure enough to stay in place with regular use. The colors are very vibrant. I got Mango Orange, Maui Blue, and Tulip Red but unfortunately, since my cats have long hair the color gets lost in their fur. But that doesn't take anything away from how much I love these collars.If your not sure, these are inexpensive enough to give a try! If you need to put a collar on your cat, I think these are one of the best options available!
Lives up to its promise. This is a quality item and a bargain. Arrived in perfect conditionand the enamel is smooth throughout. It is quite heavy at 17 lbswhich is good for a dutch oven. The handles and top do get very hot- but for the oven metal seems like the best choice.Basting spikes are little bumps on the inside lid, they do thetrick to circulate the liquid and my potroast was tender, even the top.Looking forward to many fine meals - stews and chowders, chickens,fish and chips and much more
For people who are serious about stir fry. My family cooks with a wok at least 3 or 4 times a week so we have tried a lot of different woks in the last few years. We have tried the fancy Calphalon, but at 12 inches it was just to small and shallow for cooking family size dishes. Great if you are single or have no kids, but I have two hungry boys to fed. We have also tried the old fashion iron wok from China town. It was huge and tough as a nail but no non-stick coating so you better use lots of cooking oil or else a real work out to clean. So I was really glad to find this 14 inches wok with the excellent excalibur non-stick coating because it is big and deep like a real wok should be, and yet has the high tech coating to make it easy to live with. The excalibur coating is the best one I have used and can stand up to all the abuses in a real kitchen. Great product
great for polo shirts !!!. all the reviews i read were spot on.......i golf a lot and as such my wardrobe contains a lot of polo golf shirts which my cleaners charge me $3.50/shirt to launder and iron.  i was averaging 4-5 shirts per week which meant about $15/wk,$60/month, or $720/yr. on my polo shirts alone.with this machine, i can do 5 or 6 polos in 15 minutes.once the press heats up, you pull the handle down to make a press and on the cotton setting it takes about 10 seconds to make a press(a bell goes off when its time, so you wont forget).  on my polos i need to do 6 presses.  3 for the body, 1 for the collar, and 1 for each sleeve.  so each shirt requires 60 seconds of "pressing time" and i need 1-2 minutes to load the shirt and smooth the fabric on the ironing surface.it does a great job and i'm very satisfied with the machine.i've also pressed slacks, and it does a great job with them as well.i have not tried pressing a man's business shirt...however, my cleaner charges me a $1.25 per shirt and for me that is well worth it to have them do it.overall, i'm satisfied with the product.  i'll echo the words of wisdom from the other reviews.......1)  watch the top plate !! it gets hott(with 2 Ts) and the press doesn't open wide enough.  so your fingers and knuckles are very much "at risk" - just be careful !2)  the 22x9 ironing surface still seems small to me, but i guess without buying a "commercial" grade press the 22x9 size seems standard.  would be nice if it were bigger, but it is what it is.I'm a man and as such my domestic skills are minimal.....this machine makes me look like a pro !
Flying Cow Frisbee. My border collie absolutely loves these frisbees!  I keep at least 3 put away at all times.  He loves the soft texture so that when he catches it, it doesn't hurt his mouth
Best ever. These are great.  I hung a heavy picture using one of these hooks and it is still hanging.  It was very easy to use
Crisp, Clean, and Beautiful. These sheets have that wonderful crisp, clean feeling. They are not overly soft like the ones that stretch all over the place and start to pill in the middle. They are absolutely a gorgeous green color with a beautiful woven jacquard design.My husband really likes them, enough to say so, which is significant since he is the type to not notice or care because 'sheets are sheets.' My only regret is that I did not order two sets, since they are now out of stock
Perfect paper towel holder!. This paper towel holder is fabulous!  It's so pertty with the floral and butterfly design.  I have a few other items to match it, and they're all lovely
Wow. Hands down, this is an all time fav of mine.  It is great for family use
Attracted our Cats. I was very pleased with the quality of this pet bed for its price. I looked at many similarly priced pet beds in mass discount stores and the quality was not nearly as nice as this.I was nervous about purchasing a pet bed, because like most cats, ours have a mind of their own and often won't go to a bed intended for them, but prefer people furniture. This soft pet bed is so inviting that all 3 of our cats take turns sleeping in it almost daily. The brown/grey fur siding is higher than the fuzzy cream pillow and it looks elegant and non-instrusive on our family room floor. It shipped quickly and is a good value.
Finally a non-stick that isn't fragile. Finally a non-stick that isn't fragile.May (but not quite there) replace the cast-iron
Lg Comfy Lounger. This color is a bit too bright, but the bag it very comfortable
A pleasure to use... High quality and elegant.  This is the finest glass I've used to drink single malt scotch - and nearly identical to the very expensive sommeliers series.  At this price, it's a steal for the pair.  Highly recommended. Makes a super gift as well
Look nice and easy to embroider. I bought these to embroider on and they work great for that. They look really nice, make a nice gift.UPDATE: Since I've purchased some of their other towels and I like these a lot better. These feel a lot richer, less weave-y feeling and more cloth like. They aren't real absorbent, but great for drying hands and very nice looking hanging in the kitchen, or even a guest bathroom. For the price I think it's a very good value package.
Fiestaware Mugs. In an attempt to get RED coffee mugs, I ordered two "cinnibar" Fiestaware coffee mugs. While they are in the red family, the color has too much brown in it for me. I wish Fiestaware would produce a true red shade.Other than that,they were fine. Price reduction didn't mean much once the s&h were added. Could have driven to the store, paid regular price and still gotten them for less. My fault for being lazy
Great Knife. I've always wanted a good chef knife and now I have a great one. It's well balanced and nice and heavy. I can cut paper thin slices of fresh tomatoes with ease. What more can you want? I'm think of getting the 6" version now
Love it, love it, love it!. This works so well.  I agree with the other review, the best part is that you don't have to mold any ice, just use your regular ice cubes.  With an ice dispenser in your freezer, you've got instant snow cones the whole summer!Even sent one of these machines to family in Canada.  They loved it as well.  Some of their friends even went to the US to buy them.Make Hawaiian shave ice with ice cream in the cup before you put the ice and flavors!  Yummy!
quality ice bucket. This Axis ice bucket will last forever. It is top quality and the right size for the real world
wild bird dog toy. My doy loves this duck that makes quacking noises.  I recommed this ite
Love this chair!!!. Its very roomy. Bigger than I thought it was going to be (not in a bad way). Cozy. And very sleek and stylish. Looks much much more expensive than it is. Highly reccomended
Best paring knife I've ever owned. This knife is by far the best paring knife I've ever used. A few passeson the steel and it's almost razor sharp.  Holds its edge for a long while. Peeling onions, potatoes and quartering them is a breeze.  I purchased their Santuku knife along with this one as a pair.  The Santuku stands up to the cutting and chopping chores with ease.  Both knives are a good buy. You can't go wrong with either one. I usually pass them across the steel just before putting them away. An excellent buy
Very nice for the price. Put these next to the Riedel glasses and they show very nicely considering they are half the price
Great Value. Item is just as described.  We added some foam to the bottom and are using it to hold a notebook computer.  A box of tissues keeps it from moving around.  Really nice quality for the price
Utterly Perfect. As a longtime collector of Homer Laughlin's Fiesta, I can say this pitcher might be the apex of design. It is form AND function, beautiful and sturdy. The colors never fade, and  you never have to worry about a chip. The range of colors is outstanding. I have one of these in every color except black( black to me was never a good Fiesta color ) and I use them all. Great at parties to have lined up in a row with different drinks in each pitcher. I use Fiesta exclusively on my table  at home and always get compliments.
humidifier filter. to be honest, i could NOT find any other store besides amazon.com that sells this product.this filter is of course mandatory if you own the hamilton beach humidifier 05518.in my opinion, this filter works great and i feel comfortable replacing it about once every three month. (otherwise, too expensive! $$$)when you are using these filters for a long period of time, please be careful not to dry it up.  when the filter is very dry, it will crumble and you will see whitish plastics flowing inside your humidifier water pool.so always flip the filter when you refill the water and let it never dry!for a best use, i recommend you to get several of these filters in case they go out of stocks forever...
Bought as gift. The person I bought it for loves it. I was concerned about some reviews I read about it spitting out kernals. but did not happen. works well, and looks great
Folding Dryer Is Sturdy. I recently purchase the folding dryer for my husband. It seems to handle a lot of weight - my husband hung about 4 pairs of wet/heavy jeans on the dryer and its still able to manage the weight
beautiful. the rooster set that i purchased was beautiful..the colors were so bright and cheerful.good product for the money.diane wn.c
Pleased with Pet Stroller. We have a small dog who travels with us in our 5th-wheel camper.  The stroller folds to a compact size and is easily packed and unpacked for use.  It is sturdily built.  The mesh screen handles clawing of an excited dog.  The stroller allows for fresh air and provides adequate shade for the dog.  We much prefer our dog in the stroller than on a leash in crowds.  This stroller is a quality, useful stroller for that.  We also like the handy tray and compartment under the dog's seat.  We all love our stroller - including the dog
Does exactly what it says it does. How did this technology elude me for so many years? After spending decades of trying to "bring the butter up to room temp" by, variously, taking it out hours before I needed to use it, placing it on the warm radiator, zapping it in the microwave, or putting it in a dish of hot water, finally I've found a way to keep the butter spreadable and fresh!Few kitchen aids are as useful as this one. I would rank this up there in the top-ten list along with my 8" Wusthof blade, 3" Chinatown-special drain mesh, Pyrex measuring cup, and my Zyliss salad spinner.I bought this particular model for my dad's birthday and both he and my mom love it. I have a similar version at home (clear, see-through) and my girlfriend's parents have an earthen-ware version at home. They all work great.Once you try this, there's no way you're going to go back to the traditional butter dish
Awesome. Makes great waffles but needs a timer on it so you know when it is done.
good deal for mini mortar & pestle. High quality material; medium quality manufacture. The pestle is a little short and assymetrical. Also a heavier base would be better, but works well for small amounts of spices, seeds, dried leaves
Corelle Ultra Chemire Review. Overall, I love this product.  The pieces are well designed and so heavy that they seem like china.  The bowl that comes with the set is really shallow, and while that makes for an elegant look, it is difficult to get used to.
Cute as can be. I was going to give this as a gift, but changed my mind after receiving it. It's too cute to part with. It's a little smaller than expected but takes up less space too. I thought it was cute enough to make room for it in my already cramped kitchen or even to put it on my coffee table or a side table.
My cat loves these toys. When I brought this home my cat did not put it down for about an hour. In fact she had chewed on it for such a long period of time it was soaked with kitty drool.  The great thing is these hold up REALLY well. My cat will chew and chew on them and they last a long time. We have bought more of these toys and they last a long time. About 6-7 months of really rough play before they start to come apart. Plus they are really cheap. This butterfly is by far the best of this line by Fat Cat but the lady bug and snake are a lot of fun as well. By far the best cat toy available
Good deal for cleaner bags. This is the first time that I had purchased vacuum cleaner bags from an online site and so far I haven't had any complaints.  They arrived on schedule and the bags were of pretty good quality
Best I've Used. This shaker is awesome! It is well made and fits together with precision. The double insulated bottom portion of the shaker keeps what's inside extremely cold without freezing your hand as you shake your drinks. The spout cover doubles as a measuring tool with various amounts clearly marked. The strainer allows the liquid to flow out while keeping the ice in the shaker. Some shakers are hard to pour from since the strainer easily clogs with ice. Not so here. Overall, it's the best I have used
Cat Grass Garden Refills. Interesting product; great for indoor cats in the snowy winters; will order mor
Great stuff. Great item. We spray it every second day on the problematic zones and haven't had an accident since!!! I can only recommend it
All-Clad Stainless Balloon Whisk - Excellent. This whisk is excellent; it is well made and easy to clean.  I use mine all the time to beat eggs for making omelets etc.  It is excellent quality that will last a lifetime.  Highly recommended! A+
Presto Tilt Griddle. The 07045 "Family-Size Cool Touch Tilt'N Drain" griddle does what you hope for.  It's larger, rectanglar shape handles numbers of pancakes to beat any round pan and the easy to handle Tilt feature does a great job on a package of bacon. The "shortish" cord might limit placement on a counter - it needs space, both to use and to store.  Works Great
Great ice cubes!  Easy to pour, easy to pop out... There are people that have given these trays bad reviews... not sure where they are getting that.  I read to be super careful not to over fill otherwise it's hard to get them out, etc... I have had 0 problems with it so far and I am all but carefull when filling the trays.  I've over filled them, under filled them, etc... it doesn't matter... the ice cubes turn out seriously perfect every time.  They have a nice shape and are good size.  I will admidt that I haven't tried stacking them in the freezer, I lay them across the bottom of the freezer one by one next to eachother.  They pop out every time with ease, I don't get cubes stuck to the tray, I don't get any little random ice pieces from over filling... everything is great.  I'd buy them again in a second
Perfect every time. Great product at a great price!. The Aroma Brand is reliable and economical. Perfect rice every time. If you don't like instant rice and don't like standing over the stove while the regular rice cooks, this is for you. Add rice and water, plug it in, tap switch and walk away. Cooks the rice then keeps it warm for hours if necessary.  Get the Rice cooker cook book for dozens of ways to use the cooker for other things.
did exactly what i was looking for. I did what you're doing now, and read these reviews.  From my perspective, this is the single greatest travel mug on the market.  One reviewer mentioned that it doesn't stay warm long enough, however my coffee/tea stays respectably warm for AT LEAST AN HOUR. Usually more.There is something truly satisfying about tossing a full travel mug of coffee onto the floor of your car if you're in a hurry... or placing it in your backpack between classes --- and neeever worrying about it spilling.  pure genius!my ONLY complaint is that the handle isn't conducive to the cupholder in my Mazda 6.  The handle extends too far down which causes it to get in the way of my center console... I can only stabilize it in the cupholder if both cupholes are empty.  BUT since it's leak proof, I have no problem setting it on the seat next to me
Pyrex Microwave Steamer. I am very well satisfied with the steamer. It is a quality product, that I would recommend to anyone who is wanting to purchase a microwave steamer
great tamper, doubles as a cudgel, perfect for brewtus. Living in Seattle I had an opportunity to lay hands on at least 15 tampers, and none felt as good as the one my friend had, which turns out to be this Vaneli.Tamper is the heaviest I've used, and the end is nicely rounded so I have no problem pressing my full weight into it. Finish is like a mirror, the photo above shows it well. Tamper base is flat, size fits my expobar brewtus with &lt;0.5mm on each side. Base is mirror polished, so you don't disturb the tamp by rotating the tamper.Fit is so close that there's no room to tamp uncentered. Sides of base are the right depth that when I've got my proportions right the top of the tamper matches the top of the portafilter, so no more overfills.Great feeling on a cold morning to pick this tamper up after its been sitting on the machine all night, its got huge thermal mass and radiates heat.Using it is like applying one of those huge old venetian stamps the medici's were famous for.I've no regrets, this is the tamper I was looking for. Glad my friend had one to show me. A coffee loving friend was skeptical when I told him I'd purchased a tamper he'd never heard of, but was raving about it when he left.Description above says 23oz, thats a lot for such a small object. You could definately kill someone with it
Excellent product. My wife is extremely happy with the mixer.  The mixer has excellent power and features
Great Pan!. This pan is great. Cooks food really fast and makes it crispy in less time. I also just cut up fresh potatatos, toss in a little oil, salt, and bake. Great
Great Skillet!. Nothing is sticking, it heats very well and pretty good size!! Fine quality!
Great Product - But Need The RIGHT Chocolate!!!. I used this product twice, and can tell you that it DOES work as it is supposed to BUT you need to use the right chocolate.  The first time I used it was a disaster!  After melting the regular store bought chocolate with oil per the instruction, we were expecting it to run like the picture.  Much to my daughter's disappointment, it didn't run at all (it was noisy and the chocolate didn't flow).  I was ready to toss it into the garbage, until my daughter wanted to have a chocolate fountain for her 16th birthday party.  Rather than spending $500 to rent one, I thought I would give it a try one last time.  After much research, I bought 7.5 pounds of the chocolate from a company called Chocoley.  It worked like MAGIC.  You don't need to add oil or anything as the Chocoley chocolate is formulated to work in chocolate fountain.  It was VERY easy to use.  I just melted the chocolate in microwave, poured into the fountain, turned it on (you need to turn it on for ~15 mins ahead of time to warm it up first), and everything just worked GREAT.  We had about 70 people at the party and it was the center of attention.  The fountain ran for 5 hours with no problem at all.  We ended up having 2.5 pounds of chocolate left which we will save for another party in Oct.
Great dehydrator. I agree with all the other reviews on this product.  One missing nice-to-have feature would be a "timer".  This is because, after several iterations, you will get a good feel for your optimal dehydration time for your particular fruit/vegetable of choice.  In these cases, it would be ideal to have a timer turn the machine off so you don't have to supervise it.  Myself, I've connected an external timer to it for dehydrating my Gala apples for exactly 4 hours 20 mins :-).  If the machine were a little less loud and had a timer, it would receive 5-stars from me
Very Versatile & Cute too!. I ordered this based on the size.  I only was cooking for two and the size of the pans are perfect serving size for baking small herbed potatoes or herbed veggies.  Clean up was a snap.  The pans held up very well in the dishwasher too.  When serving the food, the dishes looked great as well.  I own other Le Creuset cooking items and this reflects their reputation for quality. I am very happy with this purchase and would consider purchasing larger pans of this same style for Thanksgiving dinner service!  Le Creuset rules
Cerama Bryte. We use this to clean the glass heatig surface of our electric stove, and it works fine
Very useful for folks with hand problems. The OXO corkscrew consists of a black plastic corkscrew that screws down into the cork, surrounded by a black plastic skirt-like surround with wing-like handles and a wide twist-top. But maybe this will make more sense if I try to explain how you use it.You raise the handles, which lifts up the surround, exposing the corkscrew. You grasp the handle at the top, press the tip of the corkscrew against the cork, and twist, pushing, so that the corkscrew enters into the cork and spirals down through it. Once it's firmly embedded you grasp the wing-like handles and push them down. This lowers the surround and raises the corkscrew, pulling the cork free of the bottle.Disadvantages: It's easy to get the corkscrew off-center and end up having to start over.Advantages: The wing-handles give you so much leverage that it's child's play to get most corks out of their bottles. This is absolutely fantastic for those of us with hand-problems.This is one of the few OXO items we have that hasn't in some way broken down; admittedly we don't use it as often as some items, but it has certainly withstood what use we have put it through. It's a nifty-looking design that makes opening bottles very easy on my hands despite my tendonitis. I only occasionally have troubles with the corkscrew going in off-center (I think because the surround can partially block your view of the corkscrew as you put it in, and the distance between handle and corkscrew tip decreases accuracy), and it isn't that large of a problem.
Gorgeous set!. What a gorgeous set!!!  You won't regret buying this.  It is better that the 2 pieces seperate that way you won't have to bring the whole plate over to refill dip or coctail sauce.  The plate is so thick and shaped beautifully.  Very artistic line
salad knife works. I am a salad man.  I like to cut ingrediants ahead of time and store.  Salad Knife eliminates rust lettuce
The BEST coffee maker. This coffee maker is the best!  We've gone through a few coffee makers and this one is by far the best one.  It never leaks, makes a lot of coffee, beeps when ready and when it will shut off, makes great tasting coffee and it looks nice
Excellent Gate. The One-Touch Pet Gate 150 is excellent! I matches my hardwood floor and is attractive. I especially like that the door swings both ways for easy accessibility
great smoothies are worth the noise. Yes, it is loud but this blender makes great smoothies.  I'm looking forward to many more perfectly blended treats
Wonderful set of bowls!. I'd been wanting a good set of copper mixing bowls, and these definitely fit the bill!  Egg whites beat perfectly fluffy.  And, each has a brass loop so they can hang on a wall for decoration, or off a pot rack.  You can't beat these bowls for the money
Arrived quickly and intact!. Had my order within a week. Not a piece was damaged. I do have to say that I'm a little disappointed that the salad plate is so small. Otherwise everyone is happy with our new dishes
monica in hondo. Love it love it love it. Very high quality and well made. I've used it twice this first week. Perfect weight and produces a wonderful pie. Will probably buy 4 or 5 more for next year's Christmas gifts... ooops I hope they don't see this review or maybe this pan is too good a gift too hold a whole year
Love the Wok... What a great wok...only 1 drawback...not deep enough, but it is a breeze to clean. Thanks
IT'S A MUST HAVE AT ANY PRICE!!!. I have wanted one of these things for a long time but was always wondering, "Is it really better than all of the other cast iron ovens at 1/4 of the price?" Answer: YES. I bought a beautiful oven in the 4 1/2 quart size and it is perfect. It's not too heavy to move in and out of the oven yet fits a large amount of meat (approx. servings for 4). Tonight I made brisket with the darkest brown sauce that baked in the oven for 4 hours. Any regular pot would have stained horribly but the Le Creuset cleaned up with a sponge in 1 minute and NO scrubbing! I was in shock. It was truly amazing. It looks brand new and shiny after the messiest, dirtiest, greasiest destruction you've ever seen. Truly a remarkable product.
Feels Great to the Touch. I recently purchased this shower curtain in stone.  It really does have a very nice feel to it, almost like feeling a couch with microfiber suede fabric.  The only thing I was surprised by was the color, I ordered the stone color but its much darker in person.  It almost looks more like the tawny color that they offer.  Other than that, its wonderful
Perfectly named, Perfect for One. The coffee ranks with Duncan Donuts or other coffee shops.  I agree with previous reviewer.  You can make a very large cup 14 oz. by pushing the 8 oz button and then the 6 oz button.  Saves you money, you're buying pods less often and the coffee is still very good.  I gave one to a friend I was so impressed.  I tried other pods, but you have to make sure it is all tucked in or it leaks.  Melitta pods fit the best.
good design & works well. The ten-key number pad is a good improvement on the usual timer that requires pressing a button repeatedly until the desired number of minutes appears. The other buttons are clearly labeled. This timer allows setting seconds as well as minutes,which many timers don't. The only criticism I have is that you need a screw driver to change the batteries, a minor annoyance at worst
This Works Great with my Coffee Maker. I checked the bottom of my coffee maker for its number and matched it to this carafe.  The carafe is great and fits.It arrived more quickly than I expected (added bonus).
Excellent quality cooker set. We were very happy to find this brand as most of the pressure cookers in this price range just simply don't deliver what is expected. Many are very thin, don't have the double layer bottoms for proper heat transfer, and some don't even come up to 15psi which is the common pressure that works fast and with most recipes. We were not able to look at the Fagor before buying, but we had looked at many others including a $300 swiss model that was supposed to be the only one to buy according to other folks who are truly experts. I'm happy to report that this Fagor model does everything that the swiss model does that I will ever need. There is no way I could justify buying anything else that costs more $$ after using the Fagor for almost 2 months now. My wife grew up with her mom using a pressure cooker in the kitchen almost daily, and she is truly impressed as this unit has nothing in common with the old-style cookers. Quite quiet, easy to clean, and very heavy-duty
Good Hot Coffee Maker. The Hamilton Beach 43254 Classic Stainless 12 Cup Coffeemaker does anexcellent job of making HOT coffee and keeping it HOT for up to 2-hours.I recommend the purchase of this coffee maker.
Nice shower mirror. I have another Z`Fogless Ultra Mirror for more than 3 years and still works fine... Now I bought another one so me and my wife stop changing its place
It's just what I needed. I needed a tv shelf to put my new vcr/dvd combo that I received for Christmas.  This one was just what I needed, and the quality is very good.  It did not take very long to arrive at my home, with everything in tact.I also don't understand some of the bad reviews about this; yes, you do have to adjust it for your individual tv.  It's not customized before you get it.  A person can't treat it rough when one first gets it either; I think that is what is happening with some folks, along with maybe some, but not much, rough handling by the delivery person on the way to the destination.  Everyone should just learn to take care of things better, no matter how little it costs, and those things will last
When they finally come, they are nice. Too bad no photo -- cute as the dickens!Make SURE it says they are in stock when you buy them.I got two sets of two. I thought by the sound they were broken. But they were okay, just clanking together.Worth the wait, no instant gratification
Great Flowers. Hey guys get these flowers and score some points.........!!! they looked good and smelled great. my wife was impressed .....oh by the way send them to her work......
Beautiful sheet set. I am pleased with this purchase.  Have them on my guest bed
chutney trivet. It makes my kitchen nice and the table too! Amazon did good on delivery :
lou buckner. I recommend this product. It is excellent quality. Very quiet when running and has lots of power
Easy to use and yummy waffles!. Works great, can use easily and waffles taste great!  My kids could live on waffles if I would let them, and this is an asset to have in any kitchen- makes extra light and fluffy waffles
Slicing Bread. After buying a bread machine, we now no longer buy our bread.  Everyone (children and adults)  cuts their own bread, at the table, to the slice thickness they prefer.  With my old bread knives, the slices quite often  came out looking like an ocean surface (waves and all).  After upgrading to  this Henckel (to match my other Henckel knives), we can now all cut  straight slices.  It doesn't matter if the bread just came out of the bread  machine (yum) or if the bread was baked yesterday.  No longer is the French  bread (hard crusts) squashed while we try to slice it.  This is definitely  the &quot;best thing since sliced bread&quot;
A great starter piece or addition to your Le Creuset collection. Le Creuset manufactures porcelain enameled cast iron cooking vessels as well as other products.  Le Creuset casts these cooking vessels from molten iron poured in sand moulds that are used only once.  For this reason, one pot may look like another, but each is unique in its own way.Cast iron is a highly efficient material which absorbs and distributes heat efficiently.  It is recommended that cooking with cast iron is done on low to medium heat.  There are exceptions like boiling water where cooking on high heat is appropriate and okay.  Remove cast iron from the heat and it does not cool off quickly.  This helps your food stay warm while serving.  Beware; iron tends to be heavy so these cooking vessels tend to be heavy as well.Cast iron is an effective material for cooking so why cover it with enamel?  Iron tends to rust; iron oxide (rust) doesn't add any complimentary flavors to your food.  If your cast iron cooking vessel was not enameled, you would have to season and maintain your cooking vessel.  Adding the porcelain enamel not only looks good, but has multiple benefits.  The enamel, being a solid coating, is one of the most hygienic surfaces to cook on, does not stain, absorb odors, retain flavors, and is easy to clean.  The enamel can be damaged, so limit cooking tools to plastic or wood.The benefits of cooking with Le Creuset cast iron are many, but lets get down to the buffet casserole specifically.  2 1/4 quarts is not a lot of space when it comes to casseroles, so consider your recipes when determining the size you need.  The buffet casserole tend to do best if at least 3/4 full.  Any less and you may overwhelm your food with heat evenly dispersed in the pot.With a large flat bottom that curves up this pan resembles a curved sided saute pan the only thing missing would be a long handle.  The tight fitting lid is mostly flat with curved sides.  This lid seals in heat, moisture, and flavors and can be used to hold your meat while you are making a sauce from the drippings. Its shape and design makes this an extremely versatile pan.  I tend to cook large amounts so this pan is usually used for side dishes and desserts.  But once you get past the basic functionality that lends itself to recipes such as paella, cous cous, and basic casseroles, you can really open up the possibilities.Keep in mind this is a 2 1/4 quart pan, with about an 8 inch diameter.  This may be the pan for families from 2-4.  Some possibilities for this pan besides casseroles include frittatas, dinner rolls, Pepsi chicken wings, mac-n-cheese, baked squash, shrimp scampi, cobblers, pies, pineapple upside down cake, or bread pudding.  The possibilities almost seem endless.One feature that people tend to complain about is the cost.  The cost does seem steep compared to other pans made from other materials.  Heck, cast iron doesn't seem like it should be expensive when comparing to that old cast iron pan past generations have used for cornbread and camping.  However the manufacturing process requires making a mould for each and every pan produced.  They then go through the enameling process before shipping these heavy pans.  If you take what goes into making and distributing these high quality cast iron products, the cost tends to make sense.  Then consider that this pan will easily last a lifetime when taken care of.PROS:Extremely versatileEfficient absorption and distribution of heatHygienic enamel cooking surfaceDoes not stain, absorb odors, or retain flavorsEasy to clean when not abused or misusedCan be transferred from stove top to the oven to the tableCan easily last a lifetimeCONS:Its heavy, as cast iron tends to be weighing in at about 6 pounds
Finally, a cat collar that works!. I bought three of these collars for my cats because we're moving and I want them to have IDs.In the past, I've tried the wider collars with the safety snap. When I put those on, the cats would wiggle and squirm trying to get the collar off and with the safety snap they eventually unlatched them. Plus, the width of other collars tends to mat the hair around their necks.This collar, so far, is far superior. Two of my cats were hesitant about having something go over their head, but once the Safety Collar was on, they haven't thought twice about it. They haven't tried to get them off or scratched at them, it doesn't seem to bother them at all and since these collars are so thin, the fur on their necks aren't suffering.The sliding motion of the collar is easy to move back and forth yet secure enough to stay in place with regular use. The colors are very vibrant. I got Mango Orange, Maui Blue, and Tulip Red but unfortunately, since my cats have long hair the color gets lost in their fur. But that doesn't take anything away from how much I love these collars.If your not sure, these are inexpensive enough to give a try! If you need to put a collar on your cat, I think these are one of the best options available
If you'd like a big bang for your buck, this is a nuke. After 3 -1/2 years of pulling 4 to 8 shots of expresso per day, and steaming hundreds of gallons of delicious foamy milk, this little steam toy still works like new. Better than new, actually, because it has a better operator.  Good results require a bit of experimentation with the variables of different grinds and quantities of coffee and durations of extraction.  I've come home many times to discover that I'd left the electric switch on all day, but not to fear, the thing doesn't burn up, so far. On other occasions, I've overloaded the pump by letting the reservoir run dry and then adding water to try to resume extraction through a filter that had become clogged from the interruption of the flow of water.  The pump keeps going even with the output blocked down to a trickle. This will happen to you from time to time because you will neglect to refill the reservoir. When it happens, just start over with dry coffee. You will also need to buy a small diameter tamper - mine is 49mm.The expresso liquor always has crema and never tastes sour to me, even when using cheap brands of dark roast like Eight O Clock and Community Coffee.  Everything I've said about the brilliance of this machine is contingent, howver, on the coffee grinder. Without a good grinder, you might as well just make drip coffee. The secret good expresso, in my experience, is 25% expresso machine and 75% grinder. A good grinder is the Gaggia, which I bought from amazon for $175 with a discount, or the Rancillio Rocky, which I would have gotten in the first place had I understood the importance of an excellent grinder.This machine is small and light enough to take with you to the motel when you're on a road trip, and cheap enough to leave behind if you forget to put it in your car the next morning.  My next expresso machine will be much more expensive, but not because I'm trying to obtain a higher quality brew.  My only reasons for paying more are to get double shots and the solenoid valve, which will eliminate the spills of hot soupy grounds when emptying the porta-filter.  Also, when you get familiar with the operation of a machine, you'd like it to last so you don't have to learn a new set of techniques
Excellent oven with a minor deficit. This is an excellent toaster oven that can also double as a small convection oven.  Unlike most small toaster ovens, this oven has 6 quartz elements that are periodically cycled and provide even heating.  It also toasts and crisps quite well.  The only problem I found is that the door tends to stick closed when it has been running for more than a few minutes or when it has not been used for a couple days.  The sticking is caused by some elastomeric (silicone?) bumpers sticking to the upper edge of the door.  But, some Permacel(teflon/PTFE) tape takes care of that problem.  Also, it would be a good idea to carefully inspect your unit as 1 of the 2 units I purchased had a door that did not close properly, leaving a small gap on one side.
pressureless pressure cooker purchase. purchasing the 21 1/2 quart pressure cooker from Wisconsin Foundry was a no brainer. the product was shipped very promptly within a few days of my order, at a very attractive price. thanks Amazon.com and Wisconsin Foundry. i am looking forward to years of enjoyable cooking with this item
The nicest Lasagne Pan I could find!. I was looking for a deep large lasagne pan that was functional and attractive (let me tell that was a harder task than I thought)!  This ended up fitting the bill perfectly and I am now committed to buying the rest of the set for my mother
All-Clad Stainless Professional Universal Steamer - A+. This is a superb large steamer insert.  It is great for large quantities of veggies or whatever you would like to steam.  There is nothing like the flavor of freshly steamed veggies! It fits perfectly in the 6, 8, and 12 quart stock pots.  I have only used it in the 6 and 8 quart stock pots myself.  It is made very well and is excellent quality built to last.  All Clad truly is lifetime cookware, I am sure you will not be disappointed.  And it is backed by a lifetime warranty, what more can you ask for?  Highly recommended! A+
Does an Excellent Job!. Evens out the heat in my heatpump controlled home.  Actually reduced the electric bill
Rival BBQ. We were totally delighted with the results of this slo-cooker! The meat was well done, moist, and tender. One complaint: Unless the utmost care is used when opening the lid, one can be scalded as I was! I suggest Rival install 'knobs' on the sides to help eliminate the urge to open using the front bar (there are warnings, but who remembers?). Otherwise, this unit is well worth the money
Air Purfiers. I was able to purchase replacement filters through Amazon at the best price that I could find on the Internet.  Mainly because shipping was free with this order
Would give 5 stars except for... if you're not listening very carefully in a rather quiet room the "click" to announce the egss are ready to come out is rather inaudible. A little beeper would be helpfulBut, saying that we were extremely pleased with both soft boiled eggs and poached eggs. If you fill the poacher carefully so eggs don't slop over and you grease the cups cleanup is a breeze. Also be sure to invert the boiler tray when cooking poached eggs.By the time the orange juice was poured and the toast made our eggs were perfectly done. Good job Oster
Beautiful. I ordered the complete set.  These pieces were the first to arrive and they are beautiful and sturdy which is exactly what I was looking for.  The other pieces of the set won't arrive until next month according to Amazon.  That's a bummer, but the pieces I have received to date are beautiful, and this pattern offers everything except a sugar spoon
Good and useful device. Works very well. The only problem is that the button which switches from regular to filtered water is difficult to turn
cool carafe. I love this carafe - it is perfect for making flavored water with sliced lemons, limes & oranges. The narrow neck means that the fruit won't fall into your glass while you are pouring and the fruit staying put also means it can steep in the water longer...YU
My cat's favorite toy... These fur mice are my cat's favorite toy.  KV Vet Supply sent them right away and they even arrived sooner than expected.
Excellent Value for Money. A very nice product - white and soft!They are very roomy on the PINZON duvets though. I'm not sure whether its the duvets being too small or the covers being too big. Seeing as they are the same brand its a great shame they dont fit perfectly
The safest home pressure cooker money can buy. The idea of using a pressure cooker always scared me. "What if it blows up.", "I can be scarred for life.", "What about kids safety.", etc.  When I finally started to look at them, I knew this was it.I work for a machining company and asked a machinest and an engineer how safe it looks. Then I explained how it worked.  They both admit they see nothing wrong with it and deem it very safe if used as directed.I know this thick anodized aluminum will hold the pressure.  It has not two, not four, but SIX locking screws.  Screw down simultaneously on opposite sides for a level seal. Plus, it has  three locking hooks that stops the lid from blowing off when you undo the screws.  Not to mention the rubber pressure gasket in the lid that releases steam if the pressure gets too high. Just be sure to replace it once a year, as rubber deteriates over time.Because it doesn't use a rubber ring gasget and is metal-to-metal sealed, it can last many life times. The steam valve is regulated with a special metal knob you sit on top of it.  It can get hot, or even lost. But don't worry, you can buy a new one.  The company will even send you new safety labels free of charge to replace the worn ones on your pot.Naturally, you have to follow the safety rules like:* ALWAYS handle a hot pot with kitchen mitts.* Never fill past half way when cooking veggies or rice that expand.  Half way includes any water and extras. For other stuff, 2/3 way is good.* NEVER pour cold water on it when it is hot, or apply cold wet towels.* ALWAYS let the pressure gage DROP to zero before you open the pot.* Open the lid AWAY from you, something you should do with any cooking pot.* NEVER lift the pot by the lid handle, only by the pot handles.* There are more: READ THE SAFETY GUIDELINES FIRST!READ AND FOLLOW ALL THE SAFETY RULES and don't try to over pressure cook your food. You will have fast, safe and delicious cooking experiences for decades.Sure, you could buy cheaper ones, but I wouldn't put my trust in them. Especially if you have children.  I'd go to the moon in this thing.Addendum 5/19/06:We pressure cooked two 4lb roast beefs for the first time, then cut it into 1/2" slabs.  Those slabs made for a juicy and tender sandwich. Was as easy to chew as the thin sliced roast beef! The tenderness is fantastic.I didn't cap it off until the water was hot, that's when I started counting the cooking time of 50 minutes.  This cooked it fully with no pink in the middle. Next time I am guessing 35 minutes to keep it a little pink. Took about 30 minutes to reach 15 lbs of pressure, and the very instant it reached, the pressure regulator started to whistle.  Used a mitt to remove the HOT pressure regulator.  Took about 7 minutes for the pressure to reach zero.   Best part of all, the whole house didn't smell like food
Awesome piece of kit!. I don't use a desktop, laptops only, and have spent years fiddling around with various ways to support them that keeps the laptop and me cool while still being comfortable and durable. This thing is the ticket! I have had mine for over a year of constant daily use (plus the interest and attention of 2 cats and 2 five year olds) and it has been bullet proof. I highly recommend this item
Great for the kitchen. This was everything the description said it would be - good quality non-stick pan, and huge in size. This will quickly become a key part of your  kitchen
Delonghi Oil filled Electric Heater. My family has liked the heater. The sleek design and low profile make it unobtrusive in any room. The heater is small and portable and really helps warm a bedroom or similar area
LOVE IT!. Beautiful fan with lovely details and the color with the chrome is even better than the pictures on the 'net.  This fan pushes a LOT of cool air and is quiet with a nice, soothing "fan" sound.  I am a 47-year old woman and that means menopause...............therefore I need a quality fan and this is it.  Even though the fan sits ten feet or so from my bed, it cools me off on its "medium" setting.  I live in Florida and cool weather has not hit here yet, so this fan is a sanity & sleep-saver for me, as well as a beautiful utility piece
Great Quality for an Excellent Price. Why is good furniture always so expensive?  This chair is an excellent exception to that rule.  It's completely comfy, with sleek design, and it was a piece of cake to set up.  I've been using it for about two months and still can't believe what a great chair I got for such a steal.  Lucky me
Cuisinart 3 Speed Mixer. This product was much better than I expected. I have owned a Cuisinart hand held mixer for over 10 years and it recently gave up the ghost (too many cookies)!So in searching for a replacement I tried a KitchenAid mixer instead. What a disappointment! It didn't have the power I had experienced with my 7 speed Cuisinart. I didn't want to spend more money on another 7 speed (and I couldn't find one locally) so I decided to try the 3 speed figuring I would have to settle for a degrading in power.Surprise, surprise the 3 speed is just as good if not better than my previous 7 speed and less than half the price!I would definitely recommend this mixer. Good product and I have always found Cuisinart's customer service people to be helpful when I have had to call
cooking made simple. makes preparing meals neater and easier, a must have in the kitche
Nice item if your dog runs at night. At our local dog park we call these disco lights since so many dogs have them and when they all run around it is a great light show. They do come in different colors. The way they are packaged in the store though the color isn't listed so you get what you get. Visibility is good, but mine says visible at a half mile. That seems like a stretch. Also if you put it on the dogs collar and it dangles down you will only see it when the dog is headed toward you. But all that aside they are fun to have and makes your pet easy to spot when out playing
CORN HOLDERS. BEST CORN HOLDER EVER MADE...EASY TO USE AND CLEAN AND WON'T RUST...COLORFUL AND EASY TO FIND...THE INTERLOCKING SYSTEM MEANS NO MORE PRICKS WHEN LOOKING THROUGH A DRAWE
Good value but could be better. I bought this microwave to replace my toaster oven and beat up old microwave. It does everthing i want it to do (grill/toast/bake/nuke). I would give it 5 stars if the tray had a non-stick lining. It has a groove that catches grease and food. And as we know grilling leaves charred food reamins that are a pain to get out. I wanted to put aluminum foil over the tray but the manual advised not to do so as it will cause sparks. I wonder is teflon is microwave safe. Overall it is good product for features and value.
Great scones. I bought this pan and absolutely love it.  Takes the work out of making scones
very good little steamer. I've had this for 7 months and it has become an indispensible part of my cleaning routine.  I had a problem with the hose but Top Innovations replaced it for me for no cost and no hassle.  It does a great job on vinyl tile and on hardwoods.
Great all around!. I have had this pot for a few weeks now, and have used it much more than I thought I would.  It has a heavy lid that prevents steam from escaping when baking, so it's difficult to overcook anything in it.  Also, I have found that it's great for cooking rice.  The enamel coating prevents too much rice from sticking to the sides and bottom.  It's also ideal for bringing potluck in because it holds heat really well
Great inexpensive toy. The product is not without its flaws, but if your cat likes mindlessly chasing the same thing over and over this is the toy for them. Generally you need to set it on a small shelf, table or desk and aim it at the floor (it only has 2 settings for where to aim it).you're supposed to be able to open it and it will start up, my unit is a little "funny" and from day 1 I had to open it, let it snap shut hard and then it would turn on then opening it the second time and it was ready.Once you start it up it runs for 5-9 minutes. the laser spins fast a large circle (depending on how high up you place the device) for a couple seconds, then stops for a second, then repeats. every time it stops at a different place, typically a few inches from the previous stopping point. it works out very well for the cats as they try to predict where it will "land".I would say this is a good toy to turn on right before you leave so the cats can play and wear themselves out and sleep while you're gone instead of getting into trouble while you're away. it is especially popular with the dumber cats of the group, because it is repetitive. (or maybe their hunting instinct is easier to trigger
Beautiful and useful. This plate isn't quite as big as I expected, but I love it! It is gorgeous and works well as a serving plate - I have used it for serving garlic bread and quesadillas (size is perfect for the big tortillas I usually buy) so far.I have the sunflower color and it is beautiful. I look forward to purchasing more Fiestaware!
Excellent booklight system. This is one of the best book lights I've owned. Easy to use and long-lasting. By only quibbles are that you really do need to buy the larger one for hardcovers and the smaller one for paperbacks. Also, some people are annoyed by the interference pattern produced by the LED' (I'm Ok with it)
$29.99 for 100% cotton. This is pretty in a rough casual sketched style. This will require ironing out of the dryer.
4 3/4 ounces is SMALL. I absolutely adore Fiestaware and this color is wonderful...it's a brick redish tone.  However, when I ordered it I didn't realize just how small it would be.  I was imagining a creamer size pitcher and this is almost an &quot;individual size&quot; creamer.  Similar to a size you'd get at a restaurant for your coffee.  That having been said, the quality is wonderful, and it's Fiesta, so it's still worth 4 stars.  A super piece to add to a Fiesta table
Great for High Heat Roasting. I used the new pan today to high heat roast a 4 pound rib roast at 500 degrees. The oven and pan were a mess, but the pan deglazed beautifully with wine and 3 hours later, with no soaking, cleaned up with little effort. It still looks brand new. Now if only my oven did...The pan is really nice for the money. The only surprise is that it is very burnt orange in color. On my monitor I couldn't tell the exact color and was hoping it would be more like Le Creuset's Flame, but it is not. Muted and wonderful for autumn serving, but definitely orange.Of course, I did use it for a holiday party tonight but I didn't serve in it.I bought the dutch oven too with the total being 139 with the free shipping.My roast turned out great, bt
These were Great. I have never received so many complements about my crystal as I did with these. My "good" crystal cost over $50 per glass and they hardly get noticed! I bought these for a dinner party because I didn't have 12 goblets and they looked like a good deal. I'm going to buy more for coctail parties. They are substantial and look like they cost a great deal more than they do. If you look really closely, you can tell they aren't high end crystal, but no one looks that closely - especially at a fancy dinner that has low light and candles. There's no worry here if someone chips one. Also, at this price I didn't worry about putting them in the dishwasher
Expanding Colander-strainer. Love it. Fits the sink well and expands easily. Nice handles for ease of handling
i am loving it. this toaster works perfectly fine. i used to always use the big traditional oven to just heat one or 2 pieces of chicken. now with this toaster its faster than before and its crispy also. worth the money 100
Shed ender. I just received this product today, and I already love it.  I ordered it for my cats.  It works as great as they said it would
Luigi Bormioli Michelangelo - Stems. All the stemware in this series are beautiful, classic, and sturdy: into the dishwasher.The other review is about Amazon and pricing. Shop around.
One of the best kitchen applicance I own. Don't "drink the koolaid" of the negative reviewers of this juicer such as S. Shrivastava. Do you want a design with blades (such as the Breville 800JEXL) that will dull with time or one that uses a tough dual stage single gear (that's easy to clean)?I bought my Omega Juicer 8005 2 months ago off of Ebay for $140.00 (used only a few times).I juice carrots mainly (mixed in with apples, oranges, and grapes).  I play basketball every week and the energy boost I get from the carrot juice is tremendous.The juicer is EXTREMELY EASY to clean.  I can clean all the parts in less than 3 minutes. Anyone claiming it's hard to clean is lazy or works for a competing brand (or both).Yes, you do have to cut the vegetables but so what?  I knew that when I bought it.  I buy the largest carrots and after cutting them up the Omega Juicer handles the pieces very easily.  I have NEVER clogged up my juicer.It is recommended that when juicing more than one kind of fruits and vegetables that you should feed half of the carrots first and then feed in whatever other vegetables or fruits and then finish with the last half of carrots to help get everything out.The juicer comes with two plastic catch basins, one for the juice and one for the pulp.  And yes the basins will stain over time but so what?  I don't leave them out on the counter anyway.  And yes if you are making more than about 24 oz of juice you will have to empty the catch basin of pulp before your finished.  I think I can handle a few steps to the trash can to empty this out.I also juice for my wife and 3 of my kids.  And I don't find it difficult at all.  The negative reviews are completely baseless and quite absurd.I also have never tipped the juicer when utilizing the plunger to feed the vegetable parts.  The one reviewer who says they do obviously hasn't read the instructions or is exaggerating beyond belief.And contrary to the distortions of one reviewer the juice does not come out warm, especially if your vegetables are kept in the refrigerator before use.  Think about it!  How can a juicer that rotates at about 3,600 rpm (Omega) warm something compared to a juicer that rotates at 13,000 (Breville) rpms?Again, don't "drink the koolaid" of the negative reviewers.  They have no clue what they are talking about!Buy this juicer with confidence
Best at the moment. This seems to be the only fully temperature controlled auto-kettle around.The temperature control is not fine enough or easy to control. But it does help make water for teas that need to be steeped at lower-than-boiling temperatures.It is annoying to adjust the temperature, but once one gets it to the right temperature, it stays there pretty well. For that I own three and use a different one for each temperature I need, instead of fighting with the thermometer adjustment each time. Luckily it is cheap enough to manage that
Pitcher and glass set. Was very pleased with the pitcher and glass set. I looked everywhere for a set like that and yours was the only site where I found it.I am extremely happy with my purchase.
As good as I had hoped. So far so good...I've been using this vacuum cleaner for about a month now and I am very pleased with the results.  We have a samoyed and she sheds puffy white fur constantly.  Not only does the vacuum cleaner pick up the hair in just a few passes, but it makes the carpet look new again.  I would definitely choose the same vacuum cleaner if I was buying one today
Dorm Fave's. This is ideal for dorm rooms it's small,affordable,great space insinde (for food and drinks) and just right to put your microwave on top.
Great Product!. I ordered these tumblers first for my home, then I was so pleased, gave them as Christmas gifts.  Everyone loved them
I Found my Pan. I've been looking for a good non-stick pan for years and have never been satisfied with the durability or performance of the products I've purchased. I became interested in getting away from teflon when I read that the non-stick process of this product does not "kill the canary".  I've been reading about the dangers of conventional teflon and was looking for an alternative. This pan has ended my search.It is exactly as advertised, heats evenly, does not stick, cleans up without effort and is a pleasure to use.  Everything I've cooked in this pan has been perfect, even things that usually stick like teriyaki just get a nice glaze without sticking.  Blackend fish just slides out and leaves no residue and even a pan-fried crust browns well and uses less oil.  I plan to expand my collection with more of this product
caution. This is a very small 1/3 quart pot. Its holds one cup of water to the brim. It is used for sauces or melting butter, etc. Mostly it looks pretty. Very costly for such a limited use
Not what they used to be since Rival took over. I have to agree with the reviewers who were dissatisfied with the quality.  My dad bought an electric 6qt almost 8 yrs ago, before we found out Rival bought out White Mountain.  Our freezer seems to have used a lot of original White Mountain parts and has held up fairly well.I have recently had a chance to see what Rival has done to cut costs when I saw new freezers that my dad's neighbor and brother bought.  Needless to say, we were not overly impressed.  The ice-cream cans aren't made as sturdy, and the wooden handle on my uncle's hand crank broke in less than a year, although the crank mechanism still works fine. Both freezers are over a year now and still look new.The wooden tubs still look the same, and I wish my dad had kept the metal hardware from the freezer we had 30 yrs ago when the tub rotted away so I could have gotten a replacement tub for it. Anyway, we've been happy enough with it that I have been looking for a crank assembly for it to show my son (who is 4) how to make real ice cream.Yes, the metal hardware on the tub is going to rust with use. The center post in the bottom of the tub will rust the most.  The hardware on the top of the tub can probably be kept clean longer if you use an old toothbrush and lots of running water to clean them, but we haven't worried about that on ours.  The surface rust doesn't affect the performance.Btw - to the poster who was upset an not finding rock salt in the summer - it's not that important what salt you use. My dad's family has never used rock salt in over 50 yrs with White Mountain freezers, only standard table salt
Functional product. I like the Hunter series of HEPA air filters - there is a noticible decrease in the amount of dust in my home, and it allows me to stretch the length of time between vacumming.  The pre-filter can vacuumed out, rather than replaced, which lengthens the lifespan.  The nature of the filter material in the true HEPA media, however, doesn't lend itself to vacuuming, so be prepared to pay for replacements as indicated
Another serious kitchen tool. This 10&quot; chef's knife would impress Crocodile Dundee. It features fine balance and a comfortable handle (like all 4-Star knives) and an incredibly sharp edge. Just be sure to wash and dry by hand
Good knife, but overkill. Let me state up front that I'm not much of a cook (yet), but I know quite a lot about knives.  The "damascus" aspect of this does little other than make it look cool and to raise the price.In my use of this for cooking so far the damascus aspect may be doing the opposite of what it's advertised as for; when chopping small bits of garlic, black beans, etc for chinese cooking I'm having a problem with the bits sticking on the damascus sides.  I cannot say if this would or would not happen with a regular knife, but it's slightly annoying.The cutting edge is VG-10.  I don't have a reference handy but I belive this is one of the newer high carbon stainless blades that will be less brittle than older stainlesses such as the 440 series, when heat treated.  The blade is thin and cuts well, effortlessly chopping greens, rehydrated mushrooms, and squash.  10" is a BIG blade.  Trying to use this for opening shrimp without also opening your hand requires attention and skill :).I wish this knife were available in straight VG-10, skip the damascus, for maybe $20-30 less.  Damascus steel is only useful if it's made by an expert smith of high and low carbon steel, AND used in the cutting edge.  Here it's used in a way similar to the San Mai construction of some old Japanese swords: basically it thickens the blade for rigidity and protects the VG-10 core.  But I'm sure the real reason it was done this way is is, it looks cool.  As an added bonus, I'm sure that this would be an extremely effective weapon if you were attacked by Ninja while preparing dinner; it's got good range and balance and would easily lop off fingers and other things (yours or theirs), so beware when using it, and cleaning it :)Note: the handle is not round, and not symmetric, it's sort of a D shape cross section with the curve of the D being on the right side of the blade.  Thus, I think this is probably a right handed knife.  Not being left handed I can't say how it would feel with that D on the opposite side of the hand as it is when I wield this.  Just an FYI for lefties
Less Babysitting than a Blender. I was at a Thanksgiving party where this device ran all day long. Just add the ingredients, latch the lid, turn it on and walk away. No worrying about burning out a blender motor, this heavy duty workhorse made great margaritas (and lots of them!) all day long. It did take a little longer than a blender, but made three times the quantity in one batch
Knew I would love it!. I grew up with Corelle. I had Corelle as a wedding gift. Was ready for a change after 15 years and swith to ceramic dishes. they didn't hold up as was guaranteed. also heavy and take up so much space in the cupboard. Came back to Corelle and absolutely love it
Neutralizes Tomcat urine. Once you try it, you'll never go back. You could keep the litter box in the kitchen and nobody would know. No dust, no smell! I have two cats and this stuff lasts and lasts - no nasty bits break off. 34lbs will last me 6 months. Also works well with LitterMaid automatic litterbox
Just what I was looking for. I love steamed fish, this steamer is a wide, flat, stable place to put my plate for steaming. I tried to use my vegetable steamer with the post removed but it just wasn't stable enough. This is perfect. We also steamed a few tamales left in the freezer from Christmas, I'm sure you could steam other things like buns or vegetables but I haven't tried those yet. Also, a big plus is that it stores in the wok so it doesn't take up space in the kitchen. Delivery was very fast as well
works great!. I've used this almost daily since I've gotten it!  My cookie sheets are all getting old and marked up from being used for pizza, fish, drip pans... or whatever else we need at that moment.  This baking mat bakes wonderfully... everything just pops off easily and it makes clean up a snap!!!  I would highly recommend this to anyone!!!
excellent. Very nice product. Well constructed, attractive toaster. Does what toasters are supposed to do
Like the handles better than the 4-Star. I bought the 4-Star set, and instantly returned it and got the Pro-S instead.  I was dissapointed with the handles of the 4-Star, the plastic (IMHO) diminished the aesthetics and the "feel" of the knives.  I learned that the 4-Star's "full rat tail tang" is very different than a true "full tang" found in the Pro-S.  The rat tail tang reduced the weight and the sense of handling that I eventually ended up getting from the Pro-S series handle style (full tang, riveted, and heavier).  I like seeing the tang!The blades in both of course are superb - but if you like a heavier handle and if you like to "see" the full tang (the rat tail tang is embedded/invisible in the plastic handle of the 4-star) go for the Pro-S.Best to actually hold and compare both styles before you order.  I have a friend who loves the lighter plastic handle, so I guess its a matter of personal preference.PS - the Pro-S was only $20 more (I got it on sale, but even when not on sale they are comparable).  I DID like getting the Santoku with the 4-star (but it was the small 5 inch one rather than the 7 inch).  The Pro-S does not come with the Santoku, so I will have to buy one............
Bissell 3106A. I'm really happy with this purchase ( As I am with just about all of my Amazon purchases ). I will admit I was leary about this unit because the Amazon price was so cheap, but wow, it has powerful suction for floors and even picks up lint and dog hair off thick pile area rugs. Its easy to remove the bagless dirt cup and it really does hold a good amount of lint, hair and dirt. Others have said the cord is to short, which I did find so I use a extension cord and can do just about all of my rooms without having to unplug it and move it to another outlet. I like the Bissell because its so light and easy to use. This is a winner.
I love my new living room!. I just received my end tables and cocktail table and within several minutes, they were all assembled. The quality and price are amazing. I love the storage they offer with the very attractive baskets. I am very pleased and would recommend this product to anyone.
Unbelievable Performance !. I was skeptical at first when I saw this product in stores. I had bought a competitor's, square potholder and I found it heated up really quickly when I used it as a potholder. But if Le Creuset made something similar, I thought the quality would be better. It was!I have been amazed at how well it works around the kitchen and the whole house! I can hold a heated pot/roast from my kitchen to screened-in porch with no fear it would heat up quickly. I even put it under my dog's bowl so it doesn't slide around when she eats from it. I put it under pot plants inside so they stay in place and not scratch my floor. And putting it in the dishwashwer for easy clean-up is the best!I have been very satisfied with this product. I bought 4 more just so I can have them around the house and in the garage.
Very good vacuum cleaner. With numerous dogs, two small children, and a small house with almost constant remodeling activities, our need for a good vacuum cleaner is paramount.  We've tried a few different vacuum cleaners over time and this is by far the best at doing what a VC is supposed to do.And to answer the question, does it really not lose suction?  I would say that it's pretty much true.  The only thing that you have to do is watch the level of stuff that you pick up in the canister - because it's so effective, you'll find that you fill up pretty fast
Works greats!. This is a great product.  It's easy to use, darn near fool proof and sharpens knives quickly. Finally we have sharp knives at home, I wish I had bought this years ago.  Well worth the money as it is very well made.
Programmed to Perfection. The ability to pre-program ten different multi stages and a few other improvements made this unit a quantum leap above the original...which was already good. I found that on my unit the programmed temperatures and the temperature being shown by the unit at different stages varied somewhat, but judging by the results that didn't matter much. I have programs entered for all the coffee types that I enjoy and even have multi programs for my favorites (Yemen Mocha Matari and Yemen Mocha Sanani), and enjoy blending medium dark roasts with dark roasts of the same type bean for a unique flavor. The ability to control the roast to the last detail, saving at least half the cost of the same type of coffee purchased pre roasted, makes coffee roasting and using this unit in particular, great.
Spiegelau Authentis Series. I ordered several sets of each of the four stems in the Authentis series:  Bordeaux, Burgundy, White, and Red. I'm extremely happy with the quality and the excellent price.  All arrived in fine-order quickly and without a scratch or nick
As described....awesome. I have had 4 different bread machines, all of them had the single paddle upright loaf style.  I didn't mind the bread they turned out, but I didn't like the loaf shape.  My prayers have been answered!  I can't quit making bread now!  The loaves come out perfect, and if they don't I have come to relize that with bread it is typically the COOK's error, not the machine's.  You need to really read the directions, which I find most people don't.  If you are going to spend this kind of money on a bread machine, you better be willing to spend some time getting used to it.  I've made all kinds of sweet, sourdough, french, italian, herb and cheese, fruit, and beer breads in the machine.....you name it, and they all come out just fine.  If not, I tweak the recipe, I don't blame the machine.All in all, an excellent product. This is my favorite bread machine so far.  The only down side is the sourdough setting.  Don't be fooled... the light sourdough is made by adding vinegar.  For true sourdough, you have to wait the 7-10 days.  But if you can't wait....  Oh, and the "big viewing window".  Unless someone installs a light inside the machine, you can't really see what's going on anyway.  After my first 50 loaves I will let you know how it's holding up
Ethel3. I bought these glasses for my husband and we both are very happy with them.  These are a great value and really do enhance your wine experience.  We were so pleased with these that I bought him the white wine set too.  Buy these and enjoy
good popover pan. This pan produces wonderful popovers that fall right out, not even a hint of sticking. It is the slickest bakeware I've ever owned.  The only problem is the quality, one weld broke between the rod and the popover cup, but it still works great. Highly recommend.  I'm going to check out other bakeware from Chicago Metallic, since Calphalon's nonstick line uses a new non-stick coating that is horrible. The original calphalon dark coating couldn't be beat, so I'm hoping I found a replacement in Chicago Metallic for all my non-stick bake ware
Superior cookware set. As most people do, I had accumulated several different types of cookware over the years.  It was a real treat to pass these onto my kids and just use this great Cuisinart Chef's Classic set.  I especially love the saute pan
eating well now. This griddle was bought as a gift. My friend says she can now cook for several people and be able to eat w/them. Her only complaint is that it is to big to fit in the dishwasher and her cupboards. If you don't need one this big I would suggest buying one a little smaller
Folks, If You Want a Cuisinart, Buy One!. This is a cheap toaster oven that makes toast and grilled cheese sandwiches and heats up pizza.  If you handle it gently and don't put anything on top of it that shouldn't be there, it will peform such tasks well, and the fact that it "gets hot" won't be problem.  We've purchased one for my office, despite the initial concerns of our office manager who, after reading some of the reviews below, feared that it might blow up or catch fire.  Several of us, however, had had previous experience with Black & Decker products and knew that they were reliable.  Therefore, we bought the toaster oven and are using it to prepare breakfast, lunch and snacks.Moral:  You get what you pay for.  This product is inexpensive. It isn't going to roast your Thanksgiving turkey, and it won't last forever, but it works.
Second pan arrives in good shape. The first pan arrived with a broken handle due to being packed poorly. After contacting Amazon a replacement pan arrived packed much better and in good shape.  Thank you for your quick response
wonderful. these are the coolest little bowls I've ever seen.  I bought them for my mom for Christmas last year, and they are extrememly useful.  I got them in tangerine, which is a very bright, sunny, orange color.  We use them for everything from cereal to candy and nut dishes.  I highly recommend these bowls
Not Just a Bouillabaisse Pan!!!    Great Form & Function. The design of Le Creuset's "bouillabaisse pan" is highly desirable for long simmered broths and stocks because the design of the rounded base gently and evenly circulates heat without inclining towards hot spots. This is the only large capacity-cooking vessel that allows me enough peace of mind to slip in a nap during cooking without any fear of the contents taking off in a roaring boil, or scorching the contents while I rest.This is a product from the French who some believe have created more soups than any other cuisine.  Soup is the satisfying dish that can be made in any kitchen, and in any country. The construction of Le Creuset's bouillabaisse pan will champion excellent results due to its excellent shape and design.This is the pot for a celebration of spring, with Vegetable Minestrone. On the other hand, Chioppino, the San Francisco favorite, a Genoese fish stew, originally made from small whole fish. - Don't forget to use pasta water, a restaurant "secret" - that frugal traditional housewife's broth that revived the spirit of early chioppinos and minestrone. Remember too, to save the rinds from Parmigiano-Reggiano cheese, as they will greatly enhance many soups with their rich flavors.Le Creuset's bouillabaisse pan is great for caramelizing onions when making the classic Baked French Onion Soup (Gratinee des Halles) - I use this pan for everything from pinto beans, to pre-cooking Haricot Tarbais for cassoulet.Le Creuset's bouillabaisse pan will accommodate a whole five-pound fryer and enough water for a rich stock. The oven-to-table pan also accommodates a whole chicken and many vegetables, enough to serve six persons. - Toss a few fresh grapes in with the chicken before roasting, the grapes reduce and concentrate in flavor imparting a delicious piquant note to the dish.The size and tight fitting lid, makes this the pan to use for preparing two uncooked pounds of "fried" basmati saffron rice that I freeze for later uses.Cooking tip: Allowing any meat stock or broth containing fat to boil will produce a cloudy product. The boiling causes the fat to emulsify with the liquid in an irreversible chemical event. Too much agitation of the stock will also create a tendency towards murky soup stock.
It works. When I first read the praises of these expensive glasses, I thought it was just more wine snob BS, but finally decided to try them.  Sure enough, they make wine taste better compared to other shapes, but only you can tell if it's worth the price.One rather blah zinfandel was transformed in the Riedel glas
So happy to have a toaster that actually toasts. This toaster toasts. It has a bagel setting and a reasonably wide slot. It's simple and solidly built. After hating life with a T-Fal Avante (please, don't buy one of those), I bought this one and would buy one again if I were to lose it in a tornado or a divorce. It toasts evenly every time, and if you like black toast it will make it without pushing the button down 17 times. (Also makes great regular toast too). Once in a while I have an english muffin land on the counter, but it isn't like it should carry a warning label not to point the toaster at a friend or that you should wear safety goggles. After wasting a fortune on that T-Fal piece of junk bread warmer (read my review, seriously) I can live with a toaster that's got a robust ejection spring. At least this way I can hear it over my wifes hair dryer
Euro-Pro Shark Professional Electronic. I think this product is great... It's great for cleaning in the cracks around the kitchen and bathroo
Nice, easy, confortable, very sharp. I already have four peelers and the last thing I thought I needed was one more. But it got rave reviews and for $5...Because this fits on your finger, it acts like an extension of your hand. Imagine you are stroking the surface of a rutabaga (ok, that sounds weird) -- and the peel comes right off! That's what it's like to use this peeler.Very sharp (be careful -- don't ask me how I know!).
Gently cooks sauces. I like this pan because of the tapered shape.  It cooks sauces without boiling over because it is tall, and it sits perfectly on the small burner with no overlap for even heating.  The handles stay cool, and the clean up is easy.  Beautiful exterior also. Like all All Clad products, this pan is worth the money.  Long lasting and well designed.  The only thing I wish All Clad would add is hash marks on the interior so I could see when I have reduced a sauce to half.
My cats love their baby buggy. This pet stroller is sturdy, very driveable, easy to assemble and a good price. Renny, my Himalayan, has adopted it as his personal little house. Whenever I can't find him, day or night, he is curled up in his stroller bungalow, fast asleep.I am very happy with this product
Excellent Quality and Price. I am very happy with it: inexpensive, easy to clean and nice-looking. Highly recommend
Wamsutta towels. They are fine, but not as good of a quality as the centennial towel from years past (a few spare threads sticking up here and there), but still over-all better than many other towels we have tried
Reviews are the reason!. Well I read the reviews on the Toaster and then I decided to buy it!  I am very happy with this beautiful toaster and how well it works.  My toast is perfect everytime and if I can start my day out with a perfect peice of toast and good coffee I am a happy camper!  Reviews really lead the consumer in the right direction.  I love shopping on the interent and I am very pleased with Amazon!
excellent. We had limited space at my office and no electrical outlet. So I purchased this French Coffee Press - it makes excellent coffee and takes up very little space
Cute honey server. This server is pretty enough to leave on the counter.  It is a little slow at releasing the honey, but overall I'm very satisified with it.  It's easy to fill and clean
Pamper your pet with this brush!. This massage brush certainly lives up to the hype.  I installed the battery and turned it on.  My dogs were curious at first and when I tried it out on them they stood still and seemed to enjoy the massage.  I certainly enjoyed their fresh-smelling coats.  Both of my large dogs have long hair and, while the massage brush does not brush much hair out, it does make the musky smell go away and they seem fresh-smelling for a while after I use it
Great balance and heat distribution. When choosing this pan I was a bit concerned that it might tip over easily or do not heat well at the edges, but it turned out to be simply fantastic. Even on the cheap electric stove from hell that's installed in our apartment this pan keeps perfectly heated and balanced. The size is enough for exactly 4 slices of bread, which means now I can make french toast or grilled cheese sandwich twice faster than on a round pan and save time and electricity
Toasty Warm. I bought this for my daughters bedroom that has no heating at all. I live in NY and it has been extreemly cold this winter. It keeps her room VERY warm. A great little heater
wonderful product. I would give this a 5 plus star review it is the most comfortable blanket I have ever owned. It is made out of 100% cotton which is does not make you sweat at night like the other blankets on the market. It is machine washable and comes out perfect everytime. I havent had such a good nights sleep in a long time. I highly recommend this product its wonderful.
Awesome!. Love it- have lots of these sango gold dust pieces and think they are very snazzy.  Amazon is a great company to buy from-had a problem getting a few pieces(said was shipped and never recieved) amazon corrected immediately with no hesitation and sooo nice.  I love amazon and do regular business with them
Good quality lamp. Good quality lamp for the price. Kind of dark in color but is very sleek and sophisticated. The 3-way lighting is also a good feature. I'm very satisfied overall
Great knife!. I purchased two of these knives for my sons for Christmas. They both love them and tell me that they are razor sharp and very well balanced. They are a pleasure to use
Long and Elegant. That's what these glasses are!  They are absolutely beautiful.  I was seaching Amazon for champagne saucers to purchase for use as parfait glasses for our Easter brunch when I came upon these glasses.  Based on the reviews of the other glasses in the Metrokane line, and the price, I thought, "I really can't go wrong." so I ordered them.  When the box arrived, and I opened the box, I was a bit hesitant because the glasses  looked so tall!  But as I took them from the box and held them to the light, I instantly fell in love with them!  They are elegant, and delicate.  I will be using them to serve our Easter champagne cocktails instead of parfait!  The rabbit logo is hardly noticable, I had to put my glasses on to actually see the design, but that's okay, it's a nice, little, subtle touch.  If you like delicate glassware that feels special and looks elegant, you might just like these glasses.  I love them! The only draw back to them is that they seem almost too delicate!  I wouldn't use them for every day glassware.
Nice, but not as pictured. I ordered 2 of these and they look nice, but they are not as pictured. While they are Chrome with Glass Shelves, the shelves are not 11x13 but more like 7x19. There is also an extra section with a bar across the bottom, this made it too high for where I needed it due to the change in dimensions so I just left it off and attached the bottom little caps. We were able to make it work in both bathrooms, but were very surprised when I opened the boxes and noticed that there was no way that this would be 11x13. We had never planned to hang it on the wall although there is hardware to do so if you wish.
Great Crate!. This is just right for small animals. I have a Shih Tzu and use it when we travel. It's lightweight and portable and folds away flat when not in use. Highly recommended
Pretty decent lamp. We ordered this lamp for our new home. It looks great from any distance and was a snap to put together. The shade is plastic and it kinda wobbles on the top a bit but it looks like thick glass like on other lamps I've seen that cost more. The painted finish is nice and very lightly distressed
Great Stuff. Helps with multi-cat households.  I had one of my cats die and the following month I adopted a rescue.  Naturally, all five of my cats had issues.  The Feliway Diffuser helped reduce their anxiety and fear.  It isn't a cure-all, but it was/is a help.
Wall Clock. Good price, fits any decor, keeps accurate time.Very easy to read
Cereal dispenser. We love this item, it's easy for the kids and everyone who visits asks us where we found them. They look cute in the kitchen too!
Great Dispenser!!!. We've had this dispenser for about a month and like it very much. It seems to be well constructed and works great! I really like the way it eliminates the usual soapy mess we normally have around the sink.
If you love coffee, Bunn is a Must. I bought my Bunn coffee maker in 1991.  It's worked great and has lasted through many moves.  It brews a pot of coffee in about 3 mins and the taste is great compared to the other coffee machines out there, which leave you with a bitter tasting cup of coffee.  So if you love your coffee and are tired of waiting for your old machine to finish brewing, I highly recommend a Bunn. Also, you can get them at other stores for a lot less than $200
Classy, Affordable Piece of Furniture. Purchased this desk from the retail store on clearance and have had it for several months. It was easy to put together and looks beautiful. It's held up very well and always receives compliments. It's a very nice piece that looks like it came from one of those trendy home stores. I like mine so much that now that I'm getting a LCD monitor, I've ordered the hutch. Only wish they had more of the Our Home pieces in black still available
Comfy neck pillow. I overheard a flight attendant raving about the Neckbones and also saw it reviewed highly in Shape magazine.  I still have not tried it in the car or on a flight, but am excited to.  It does feel comfortable, though is bigger than expected, so pay attention to the dimensions before you buy
Gotta love it... Before I purchased this set, I ordered only 1 knife from Henckels to make sure I liked their product.  I ordered the 4 star 6" cleaver and compared it to the one I already owned.  The blade was very thick, heavy and SHARP.  It made cutting through heavy pieces of meat a breeze without tiring your hand.  So pleased with my first purchase, I bought the 9 piece block.  I haven't used all the knives yet but the ones I have used are all that I had imagined.  The Chef's knife is wonderful for chopping.  Its blade is also heavy and sharp.  The handles are smooth and made for your hand.  The paring knife is just right for peeling things and the serrated knife cuts through Albertson's french bread without mashing the loaf.  The downside is that the knives must be washed and dried immediately to preserve their finish.  Definitely not the kind of knives you toss in the sink and walk away.  However, they are definitely worth the investment.
Just bought two. I loved my 6" Shun Chef Knife so much that I just bought two of these little knifelets, one for my mother and one for me. The razor thin edge tore through the bases of 4 day old asparagus like butter-- I am very very pleased. Will use this for tomatoes and everything else that requires a knife of manageable size. Plus, for my mother, who doesn't take very good care of things in the kitchen, these have the advantage of being dishwasher safe, a huge bonus.As the saying goes, when you try a Shun, your German knives are Dun..
A Useful Night Light. I purchased a light similar to this one previously that did not use an LED, and it burned out within a month. This one has an LED, with an estimated life in excess of 100,000 hours. The light cast is a pleasant bluish white, and there is a light sensor that can be aimed up or down, depending upon whether you want the light to be on in the daytime.The head swivels, which makes it ideal for lighting steps.The price is reasonable, especially compared to the previous light, which I bought at Home Depot and cost much more.I recommend visiting Maxxima's website. It appears to be a quality company
Eye Pleasing Knife Drawer. When I open my knife drawer, my friends exclaim "ooh, Ahh" how beautiful. This product makes for a great quantity of knifes and  looks terrfic.  Also I have easy  access to all my knves
Look no more... Always hate having to look through drawers and looking for belts on clothes hangers..  This is your answer. Works great, even for scarves and many other hard to find items.
Great for beginners. I lived in Germany for a few years while in the military and a few friends got into the home brewing craze.  Back then, I thought it was a waste of my time.  After buying this little brewer, I wish I would have jumped on the band wagon a lot sooner!  If you're a beer lover and ever considered trying to brew your own, this is a great little machine.  This thing is pretty cool and very easy to operate - and it's fun watching people's reactions when you tell them it's your own brew;)  I'm just hoping they come out with more types of mixes - a weitzen or dunkel would be nice
Super-spoon!. Excellent quality spoon. Much sturdier than I thought it was going to be when I saw the pictures.  Am using it constantly in the kitchen along with the other wooden spoons I bought on Amazon.  Great quality for the price!  No complaints
Great on bare floors and low carpets. Light weight, quiet, and powerful suction.  My only issues are the cord is short and the beater bar isn't that powerful (it stops on thick carpet sometimes).  Only buy this if you have a lot of hard floors to clean.  Also, buy the refurbished unit to save some cash...Most of the time it's just a returned items someone didn't like and the manufacturer repackages it.
Service beyond all expectations. Product is just what I wanted and the price was the best I've seen in years.  Chipped oven was replace immediately without question.  Returning the defective product could not have been easier and a new oven was in the mail even before I could make the return
Dazzer saved our relationship!. I have a very actiuve Border Collie and she had a tendency to bark at anything! I tried all the training methods I could find and nothing worked. I then purchased a Citronella spray gadget ($$$) which did nothing. (I think she liked the perfume.) I was contemplating with great reluctance one of those electrical shocking devices ($$$$) but just in time my nephew lent me his Dazzer and within 2 days i have a rarely barking dog. I can't recommend it enough
Great looking pitcher. This pitcher looks great!  It is very sturdy and heavy. (use both hands when holding!)  Easy to clean, and easy on the eyes!  I would definitely recommend this
Love it!. This is great cookware.  Same weight and quality of Le Cruset, half the price.If you're serious about browning and braising, this pot is for you
$9.99 tiny heavy cool. This is very solid and weaponlike resembling a James Bond prop but I don't mind the size.  Mine came with peppercorns already in the mill.  I hope this wasn't a returned product to Amazon.  The one handedness and the size and solidness is just right for me.  I have other peppermills that I will now use for other whole spices.
excellent, large shaker. I love the large size of this shaker- when I am entertaining and I have freinds over for dinner, I'm able to make drinks for ALL of us at one time. The pieces are easy to take apart and I do not need to worry about spilling
good buy. This unit is pretty quiet and runs very clean.  Only reason I didn't give it a 5 is because filling the tanks is a pain.  Due to the handles on the top of the jugs, it doesn't sit straight up in the sink and will fall over if you don't keep an eye on it.  I bought 2 of these ( 1 upstairs and 1 down)  Both units work great, no problems at all
getting salty in my kitchen. Product just as promised - looks great - works wonderful -- a very happy purchase from my en
Exceptional Product and Customer Service. Luigi Bormioli has proven to me that they possess the exceptional quality of service that I would like to be able to expect from all vendors.  When my product arrived broken from shipment, amazone.com would not replace it due to the fact that it was past their deadline.  I contacted the Luigi Bormioli company and they were heappy to replace the broken glasses.  When they arrived, however, they were the wrong glasses.  I returned them to the company, along with the broken glasses I had received to be sure they sent the correct glasses.  Again they happily sent new glasses and even included a few extra in case any broke in shipment again.  I would highly recommend these glasses and this company
Loved it!. We were looking for a table to put in our entrance way and came across this table.  We couldn't be happier!  The product was affordable, easy to put together, sturdy, and it looks great. Would highly recommend!
My daughter loves it!. I bought this as a gift for my teenager after she had used someone elses and she absolutely loves it! She is a summer camp counselor and they use them in their cabins for snacks. The only reason I gave it 4 stars is because my son still prefers traditional grilled cheese
Great Coffee!. You'll love the coffee from a french press especially this one.  Get's only four stars because the screen filter on the lid is for marketing only.  The screen doesn't keep the grinds out of your coffee.  It is built well and pretty much like any other french press.  Value was good but if you can find one very simular for a better price go with the cheaper price
Affordable and Works Well. I had been looking for a braiser for quite a while when I found this one.  Cost was a major factor in not having purchased one earlier.  I decided to buy this one after reading the positive reviews.  It worked great, and for a fraction of what you'd pay in most stores.  It's not heavy, and it's balanced well so it's easy to put in/remove from the oven.  My short ribs turned out perfectly!  Definitely worth purchasing
Calphalon. LOVED this pan; I got several others too.  Price was much below average
It works. These pillow covers really work great. They have helped myself and my spouse. They are comfortable and feel great too. What a deal
Garden Mug. High quality and durable mug.  The art on the outside give it a rustic, yet polished look and they could possibly be used for display purposes.  The capacity is much larger than I gathered from the picture.
Happiness all around. My wife is very happy with this set of dishes that we recently purchased through Amazon.com. They are everything she had hoped and expected them to be. My happiness is more related to the purchasing experience. One dish arrived broken and I was very pleased with the efficient, fast and convenient way you handled the replacement. Thanks for a good buying experience.Bob Corde
I love this!. I love this chopper!  It is so easy to clean and the possibilities are endless.  I have even used it to chop meats.  The smart base is great when you want to keep all of your chopped items from spreading all over the cutting board
great for the college kid. My daughter hauls her laundry home from college each weekend for me to wash.  Why am I still doing her laundry?  That is a whole 'nother issue we won't go into here...  This basket is great.  Sturdy, good capacity, easily folds flat for storage, zip cover to keep out the rain going to and from the car.  Could only love it more if it came with a maid..
Very deep, but lightweight. This is the deepest lasagna pan I have been able to find, and that is why I bought it.  I have owned it several years, but I don't bake or roast often.  It has worked adequately.  I have gotten my money's worth.Because it is stainless steel, it feels lightweight.  It is not made of thick metal, and therefore feels just a little cheap. Gourmet cooks might sneer at it.Being stainless steel, it shows no signs of rust, even at the handles, after soaking in the kitchen sink. The exterior still looks nice.  The interior does not have any kind of non-stick coating.The spatula/turner/flipper utensil, which comes with the pan, has been very useful.  It is thin enough to slide under food to be turned over in a skillet.  It is a little flexible, but not extremely flexible like some wimpy spatulas. It won't flex, wiggle, and collapse while carrying something heavy like say a thick pork chop. I use the spatula very frequently.  It is thin enough to slide under fresh-baked soft cookies, to remove them from a pan, without making a mess of the cookies.The rack can be put inside the pan, and fits nicely, for use when roasting meat.  The rack is not very high, so it would not be adequate for roasting something extremely high in fat, such as a goose, that would result in a deep layer of melted fat in the bottom of the pan.The rack can also be used as a cooling rack for baked goods, although not intended as such. The wires are not spaced as close together as the ideal cooling rack, thus small cookies may fall through.
Small, but does what it promises. Smooth open and close; step-button feels sturdy; good odor seal.  This is a can I expect to keep for a while.  A bit small, but big enough for small households
Pizzelle Baker Is Best!. I had never heard of pizzelles before, but I needed one to give to my Dad for Christmas (It was what he wanted!)  I did my homework and searched throughout the internet for one.  The best buy could be had at Amazon!  I ordered it and now my Dad makes them almost daily!  The maker is easy to use and its non-stick surface makes it a breeze.  Thanks, Amazon
Excellent, More Cost Effective Option. Excellent toaster from perhaps the best toaster manufacturer.  It's operation is nearly silent, and it toasts evenly every time.  The only complaint I have is that I paid 3 x as much for a chrome 2 slicer years ago, and I'm not sure what the premium got me.  I suppose I could prop up a corner of my house with the chrome monster, and it will probably outlive me, so that's certainly something.  The upshot: if you need a toaster, buy this one.  Don't increase your pain just to save a few bucks with a cheaper, inferior toaster
Very pleased. I could not find a banana tree locally so I started looking on line. When I found this product it looked nice and fit what I was looking for. When it arrived I was more than pleased. The quality is excellent. The price was great and the delivery very timely
Successful Member of Successful Product Line. The 12 quart stock pot is the big brother to the 6 quart Master Chef 2 stock pot I got a few months ago to replace both a 5 quart teflon lined pot and my 8 quart Le Creuset Dutch oven. The 6 quart stainless steel lined aluminum body fit the bill perfectly, so I had great hopes for its big brother. And, the 12 quart has come through with flying colors.I started getting Master Chef 2 from all the different All-Clad lines because that seemed to be the standard of choice on the Food Network's 'Iron Chef America' show. And, while I know it is not the most expensive All-Clad line, I'm also sure that they would not have chosen it if Bobby and Mario would have had any problem with it.I also picked this particular pot because although it is labelled a stock pot, it does not have quite the classic high height to radius ratio, so it is not so high that it is hard to work with, especially when you are using it for soups. When I use it to make stocks, it has the one quality I want most, especially with an electric range, and that is control. Stock temperatures seem to respond quite well to changes in burner setting and I get no hot spots causing boiling when the overall temp of the stock is below 200 degrees Fahrenheit. Best of all, it is not extremely heavy, as it weighs less than the 8 quart Creuset.A bit pricy, but an excellent member of its family of pots
great filter!. I was looking for a good filter system to have clean water- without lead and other impurities- for my infant son and family to drink. This system actually makes the water taste better- I try drinking only filtered water now
Awesome. I love my new griddle!  Heats evenly.  You can even fry bacon on it because the well around the edge is deep.  We only had one problem -- the handles.  The dials for my stove are at the back on a piece that slightly extends over the stove top.  The handles were just high enough to hit that piece and prevent the griddle from laying flat on the two burners.  NOT A PROBLEM!  My husband welds and works with metal and so he gently removed the handle from one end.  I believe he said he drilled out the fasteners thereby preserving the handle -- I could reattach it later if desired.  If you don't have the equipment or knowledge for this modification, I am sure you could take it to a welding shop and they could easily do the same.  It would be well worth the effort
well, it still works. ok, it doesnt have an on/off switch. and its not handy for heating anything but water. but for just that, it is pretty effective and quick
Exactly what I expected. I was very pleased with this product, especially considering that I haven't been able to find these pieces at any store.
Great little helper. I found this to be a great little gadget. When I saw the commercial for it, I couldn't wait for amazon to carry it, so I could try one out. I think I paid more because I got one right when it first hit the market, instead of waiting for the price to drop. It's great on dishes, cleaning the sink and I really love it for the shower. It's a great cleaner for grout, without you having to put in the extra elbow grease, it does the work for you in very little time. Great on floors too for the little corners and against the wall where you can't get with a mop
WOW!!. I love my tri-ply! Food sticks just enough to give some browned bits for deglazing (deglazes as if the stuff wasn't even stuck in the first place!). Clean-up is even easier than non-stick! Most everything wipes right out or flies off the surface with the sprayer on your sink!!! I have about 7 pieces of it now and love every one of them (hate my Calphalon Commerical on-stick!)
good with problems. The grill works as good as its predecessor, but is smaller.  Helpful for limited space.  The removeable grids are great, but the slant to let grease drain out the side is too steep.  Cannot use for pancakes because the batter slides off.  And eggs are definetly out of the question.  Also, the grease container come off very easily
Nice Vintage Feel, Good Quality. I got this canister and it has a nice heft, the liner is pink and the lid is very well made.  It is really a nice quality item for your kitchen and definitely adds a nice vintage touch to your kitchen decor.  The green is very pretty, celery color and pink on the inside is pretty and not too bright, both colors are soft more traditional colors
Oak Wood Media Cabinet. This is an excellent item for media storage which delivered all that it promised and then some.It is very well made; the wood of superior quality [not pressed board] and the shelves are perfectly made.  It does store CDs, DVDs and VHS media depending on how you arrange the shelving.  The shelves fit in on little pegs which can be arranged in whatever hight your media requires. In fact, the assembly was far more simple than I had imagined; only the shelves needed to be put in place.  I was so happy with it I bought two more.
Sweet pot. Its big enough to act as a mini-cooler for a six pack of beer (and I've used it as such).  As a pot, it works just as you'd expect.  The only drawback it has is that it can't go through the dish washer.  It gets a gray powdery coating on it.  Great for chilli and stews and fits in the fridge (even the side-by-side style).  What more do you want?  Candy?  Buy the thing
Nice light overall. The shape of the whole thing is a little weird, but the blue color, the sensor, the cost savings and convenience are great
Works fine. This area is not for ordering problems. It is for how the products work. I robot is top of the line quality.  I love all their products
oil pour. These were very nicely packaged, arrived quickly and undamaged.  I feel this is a very good product and would fit most oil bottles (I work with them a lot).  I am using mine already and it does not leak, fits well, and is of good quality.  I recommend this product
Great Vacuum. Great product. excellent suction. Easy to assemble. Easy to clean. Great rewind facility. Power brush was missing though
Very Good!. I bought this product, and it came relitively fast. It looks good, and is functional and decorative. It comes with a hook that is easy to install. I would recomend this canopy to anyone
This set is adorable. I love this set. It will look lovely as a decorator piece on my counter tops
FANTASTIC. I was really pumped up after reading all the positive reviews and couldn't wait to get my french press and use it. I was not dissapointed one bit. It's very easy to clean and I just LOVE IT! I don't use mine for coffee, however. I use it for loose leaf green tea. Like my teenage daughter would say "it's the bomb"!The size is perfect! The only thing I'd like would be that the glass beaker would have the level markings on the side so you can see as you fill it up. But I adjusted to that and I'm happy with it
SmartBrew Coffeemaker. This is the second Black and Decker SmartBrew coffeemaker we have owned. We liked the first one so much, we searched until we found another one. It suits our needs perfectly, does not have a lot of bells and whistles, just a dependable, easy to use coffeemaker. We also like the carafe that comes with the unit. It is easy to pour with it and there are no problems with spilling as we have found with others.We are very pleased with this product and how it performs
Looks Great!. This is a very attractive grinder. It does require a strong thumb. Just wipe it off after use. Easy to refill
metal 8 hook coat hat rack review. have not put it together yet.  looks good so far
Yummy toast and looks great too!. This toaster makes the best toast of any toaster I have ever owned and it looks GREAT!  I tossed my blue plastic Cuisinart, which at best made mediocre toast, and had that icky plastic worn out look.  This toaster is metal, sturdy and has a great retro look in today's colors.  Mine is red.  I also bought the matching coffeemaker and the drink mixer - a quick and cheap way to update the kitchen.  Amazon service has been great and with the $25 off I got some great buys
Fantastic Vacuum For Hardwood and Tile Floors. I looked at about a dozen vacuums and finally settled on this one because I'm using it primarily on hardwood and tile floors.  It sucks up EVERYTHING!  It doesn't blow the dust and dirt around like my old vacuum.  It has a special setting for non-carpet floors that works great.  My wife really loves this thing.  Our house is all hardwood or tile, but we do have a few area rugs.  When we use it on the rugs, I'm amazed at the suction power it has.  You really notice it when vacuuming an area rug because it will move the entire rug if you do not stand on one end.  Sometimes it becomes a two person job, one to stand on the rug and the other to vacuum.  Our old vacuum didn't even get the rug to budge.  I would guess if you have regular carpet it would be great for that too.Bottom Line:  Great vacuum overall and the best vacuum I've ever used on hardwood and tile floors
Works!!! But if you have a smart dog beware!. I use this collar on 2 beagles.  You must keep filled. One of my beagles learned quiclky that she could bark until the spray ran out-she was conditioned that she could bark and get sprayed for about 25 sprays and then be free of the annoyance.  It worked great until she learned this-my fault as I should have brought her in to check the fill status.  Only downside is that there is no way of knowing how full the unit is.  I just follow directions and use can for 20 seconds.  I have used shock collars also but consider this to be the best.  Battery lasts a decent amount of time and unit has a shutoff to conserve battery life.  Refils can be expensive if purchased at specialty store (Petsmart/petco)
Fantastic and Simple. The Melitta was a product that I looked for in stores for years.  Of course I found it on Amazon.  So simple, so fast, so great.   I'd recommend this over any fancy electric coffee maker
They are a pretty addition to the table. I recently purchased these bowls and I have to say they are not only functional but are really very pretty. They go from the fridge to the table and back with no problem.  The seal is good and snug,and I like the fact theat they nest so they store easily. At a recent pot luck they made my homemade coleslaw look really attractive on the table. The pink is a nice retro color, and I like that the lids are the same color, not just a plain or translucent white. Nice bowl set, I recomend them
best in class. This is the workhorse for your kitchen! Sharp, well balanced and excellent grip! I'd love to have the 12 inch version of this knife but they don't make it
Works Well. This rug fits perfectly under the LitterMaid automatic litterboxes, either the regular or the Mega.  We have one rug under each box in our house and it contains any tracked litter wonderfully - no more litter on the floor.  As an added plus, our cat also scratches on this mat constantly
Great Machine. I have had my Danby for about eight months. It is small, but does an outstanding job cleaning the dishes. No problems with it, no leaks, easy to hook up, and it hooked up very nicely to my pur water filter i already had on the sink. Outstanding product
Excellent Juicer. This juicer takes the work out of juicing lemons and oranges. I love it. There is no more hard hand work with this product. You just pull the crank and it's done. I want to buy one for my mother. I would recommend this product. ****
Almost Perfect... I purchased this product as a replacement for the 2-Quart Iced Tea Maker from the same manufacturer. I'm a bit disappointed with this version for a few reasons. One, instead of pouring the desired amount of liquid into a closed off section (the 2-quart version had slats over the section), it's poured into a very open and very spillable section. Two, the steeping basket is not on top of the pitcher, which requires the brownish-orangeish liquid to pour into the pitcher through the spout, causing the side of the pitcher to stain. Three, there is an adjustment on the steeper which keeps a lot of excess liquid inside after the process is finished, so taking the basket off creates a very big mess! Four, the lid of the pitcher has a flap to it and frequently closes when trying to pour one-handed. That's the only problems I have with it. They aren't even major problems, just minor annoyances. I guess the 2-quart version got me spoiled, that was perfect for me. But I drink WAY too much tea for the 2-quart to suffice. It really is a great product, much better than boiling on the stove! Hope this helps someone
Best ever. These are great.  I hung a heavy picture using one of these hooks and it is still hanging.  It was very easy to use
Bissell 5200 Floor Cleaner. Product arrived on day promised. The cleaner was ordered by my mother, who is no longer physically able to keep her bare floors as clean as desired by other methods. She tells me that she is very satisfied with the product. It cleans the floor to her high standards with a minimum of time and labor.
Great, but... I bought this press slicer because our old one took a poop and we desparetly needed another one... Well, while it works great so far - sometimes it gets stuck, so while you are in the middle of cooking and trying to get everything ready fast - you have to take 3 minutes to figure out what is going on withit.I gave it 4 stars because it doesn't happen very often, and besides that occasional stuckage  - it works great. Maybe I just got a funny one - who knows.I would recomend it to people who have some patients (unlike ouur household).Kind RegardsHope it helpsLen
Amazing product. Every review here is accurate.  This garment rack is amazing.  I live in a small studio apartment in New York City, and I need to utilize my limited closet space for storing miscellaneous stuff; now I hang my suits and shirts for work on this beautiful garment rack.Stunning, excellent product
Great Collar. This collar works out great. It performs just as the Amazon description shows. It is unintrusive and snaps off when certain force is exerted. It's fun, too, because of the colors, and affordable
Easy. This cooks bacon crisp without any mess or spatter.  Just place a couple of paper towels over the bacon.  I was using my George Foreman grill, but this is easier to clean
just right for me. My husband had a little trouble putting it together; the instructions weren't as clear as he would have liked. I use it to hang pool towels when we come back from swimming or to dry hand washed items. It stands in a corner of our storage shed and moves into and out of the patio easily. It is very light, which is good for my arthritic hands, so I wouldn't hang anything real heavy on it
Really Neat. Flimsey black vinyl covered cardboard, but the thing really works, I haveused it to fold every shirt thrown in the drawers, lockers etc. and things are so neat.  However, its not worth the trouble to haul it out to fold one t-shirt in the laundry, so you tend to accumulate laundry to fold.But its fun, worth what I paid for it, but NOT the high original asking TV pric
Great Wedding Gift!!!. My fiance and I receieved these knives as a wedding gift and we love them! We have other knives made buy the same brand and we have never had any problems. These are very sharp knives, but if you know how to handle one properly, you won't get cut. I would recommend them to anyone
Wonderful Pizza. This pan is great. Read about it in our local newspaper. A chef used it in his home kitchen to test and he loved it. I do to, now I can finally get pizza at home as good as the stuff we used to get in San Francisco North Beach area
Tippi-tippi-tin NOT!. The design is perfect.  Although you want the bowl to be stable on the counter, the rounder the inside of the bowl the better,  And the nearly round bottom is important because then the bowl and the whisk share the same profile enabling the whisk to do its job easily and well.  These bowls also make good hats
More Than I Expected. This set of "Royal Albert Old Country Roses" stainless service is the most beautiful set that I have ever seen.  The storage chest awed me and I am definately satisfied.  I am going to give this as a Christmas gift to my daughter-in-law but I think I will buy another for my daughter.  I have looked through ALL their offerings, but nothing comes close to this set.  What a winner!
haven't used yet. It is March and I still have not used my new electric skillet. It is beautiful - but there are only two of us in the house and it is definitely meant to cook for more people (in other words, quite large). I will critique as soon as I have an occasion to use this skillet.J
latex pillow. Exactly what i was looking for.  After reading the reviews I knew that it was not really a firm pillow and it was just the density I wanted
Even better than the 4 quart!. I bought the 4 quart first and loved it but it was too large for some things so ordered this one and just adore it. It's the perfect size to mix my little salads in, pancake batter, meat loaf..you name it and it fits..the small things. Love the non-slip bottom, the handle, the pouring spout, the high sides..everything about it and nothing but praise here. 5 Stars all the way :
Super soft, easy to take care of. This duvet cover is very soft and very easy to take care of.  I just wash it in the machine and toss it in the dryer on medium or low heat--it doesn't wrinkle at all.  Perfect fit for my comforter, too
great set of sheets for the money!. I love the feel and they washed up great. I usually dry my sheets on low temp in the dryer and never had a wrinkle problem. The sheets look great on the bed.They have more than enough room for thick double pillow-top beds. I would buy again. A real steal at $14.99
Excellent Product. Excellent product for an excellent price.  Wish this vendor also stocked and supplied the 11-inch vacuum sealer bags
Unsurpassed Coffee. I have been using a Chemex 10-cup coffee maker for several weeks and have never had such good coffee before in my life. I am constantly looking forward to my next pot of coffee!There is a downside to this coffee maker: it is a more manual procedure than what you are used to, and it also takes a couple of pots to learn how to use this most efficiently. The first time I tried to use mine, I had ground my coffee way too finely and it just took forever! The big time consumers: you have to boil your water separately (you do have a water kettle right?) and then you have to gradually pour the boiled water through the Chemex. This means that while the coffee is brewing, you are pouring, or watching, or giving the filter area a bit of a stir.Now the up side: you will never ever ever drink a better cup of coffee. I use filtered water, freshly ground home roasted beans, and this Chemex to produce the finest coffee I have ever had the pleasure of drinking. And this coffee is a pleasure! In fact, I've totally given up using cream and sugar because my coffee no longer has anything to hide.Another up side: clean up means swishing the Chemex with warm water and tossing the water down the drain. You can also wash with a bottle brush but this is rarely necessary. A brief swish is really all it takes to get your Chemex looking factory new. Try that with your electric drip machine! Ha! That thing will NEVER look brand new!Oh, here's a final upside: this Chemex brews the best coffee you'll ever drink, and it costs less than just about anything. You are probably already spending more money than this every month at Starbucks!Go ahead and buy yourself one of these. If necessary, wake up 10 minutes earlier to make your coffee. Better yet, wake up 20 minutes earlier. And when your coffee is ready, instead of dumping it into a travel cup and bolting out the door, sit down and enjoy your first cup for the next 10 minutes. You deserve it!UPDATE:It's been a year now and I still love this Chemex. However, over time the glass acquired a coffee color tinge that gradually became darker with each use. Nothing I tried got it clean, but something my wife tried did: a splash of bleach in otherwise clean water followed by a thorough swishing.Now my Chemex looks brand new
Kitchen knife supreme. I find this knife a excellent all pupose kitchen knife. I use it for everything
BEST SOURCE FOR KRUPS PRODUCTS. They had the best selection of Krups producrts (old & New models).  The others didn't even carry it.  And their delivery was reasonable & quick
THIN!. This spatula is super thin (but not flimsy)!!!  Unlike many other turners this one is thin so it slides under everything easily.  rather than ruining them like many thicker turners.  A great buy
Looks Great and Tastes Great!. I love this coffee maker from Krups. It's the best coffee maker I have ever had. It looks so elegant on my countertop and it produces great tasting coffee. I also like the size. 10 cups were more than enough for all my guests. I definitely recommend it
Review of one touch can opener. We are very pleased with this item and tried to purchase another just like it but you were out of them at the time
Monet 8 Cup French Press. The individual parts are extremely sturdy and well made.  It makes the best tasting cofffee ever and it is fairly easy to use.  I love it
Works as advertised. I have a set of Henckels Professional 'S' knives.  I was always disappointed with the sharpness until I sharpened them with the Henckels Twin Sharp Duo Knife Sharpener.  I'm not a chef nor someone who is enthusiastic about cooking and preparation.  Follow the instructions and the sharpener works as advertised.  I can't compare it to another sharpener and I didn't try to cut paper with a sharpened knife.  The knives cut food much better.  Good enough for me.
What a great value!!. I've purchased, and assembled, four of these mission end tables. They're super easy to assemble, and look fantastic! If I ever need any of the other pieces, I won't hesitate to buy them!
Super easy set up and take down!. I only gave this product 4 stars because my daughter hasn't slept in it yet. But I set it up and it was super easy, almost one touch, set up. It is firm yet comfortable and the super soft fleece cover is awesome. It has moons and stars on it. The take down was 5 minutes if that. It's small enough to fit almost anywhere, and deep enough so that a toddler (my daughter is 2) will not roll off). Love it and I know I will be using it often.
Nice furniture. Not sure what these other reviews are talking about.  I really like ours, and it seems very sturdy.  Great price and easy to put together.  I love mine and it looks great
VERY GOOD PRODUCT. THE BRITA Aquaview System IS THE VERY GOOD FILTER THE WATER TASTE IS REALLY GOOD . ONLY IS TOO EXPENSIVE . OK THANK
James Bond would approve. I've had fun with this martini set, experimenting with various recipes, one of which is the now-famous "Vesper" featured in Casino Royale:3 measures of Gordon's gin1 measure of vodka1/2 a measure of LilletShake until ice cold and serve with a large thin slice of lemon peel
Love this machine!!!. We bought this machine for our son for Xmas... he loves shaved ice... the machine works AWESOME!!! You put in 4-5 ice cubes and get a big bowl of shaved ice and we made are own concoction of syrup... we love it!!!
Good Chicago Cutlery  8-Inch Sharpening Steel. This item works very well. I had two other sharpening steels prior to buying this one. This item sharpens my Chicago knives with little time or effort
Love the plates, but color is  questionable. I love the plates, however, they are not the sage green color as they appear in the picture.  The color is more blue than green.
your cat will love it!. From my perspective, this tunnel is not the prettiest, but my cat judges it by an entirely different criteria. In her opinion, it's fantastic. Even by herself she plays with it constantly, even likes to sleep in it! The wide opening at the ends encourages lots of running back and forth. The construction is sturdy enough and impermeable to scratching. The inside is decently soft. The straps that tie the ends together actually serve nicely as a toy. Some tunnels are cuter looking, but this is the one that is fun
Knife Expert Approved; Multi-Functional and Durable. I am a stage performer as well as a chef. I specialize in contortion and throwing knives (often with my feet). I use the Wusthof so much in the kitchen, that I thought I would incorporate it into my act. I throw the knives at flying fruit and vegis and perform flips with knives between my toes and fling them at my assistants. Throwing knives are usually smaller, perfectly balanced, and forged from one solid piece. They require perfect tang as well and incredible strength. Wusthof is the ONLY high-end kitchen knife that meets these requirements.Although I have several chef's knives (global, henckel, wusthof, etc) I prefer the Wusthof both in the Kitchen and on Stage. I would never bring the Henckel or any other brand. Wusthof has absolutely perfect balance and tang. The difference from throwing knives is that kitchen knives usually have handles added to the forged steel. Unlike any other high-end brand, Wusthof's handle is extremely durable. In practice, I broke all other brands of knife, both handle and blade. I was surprised that my Henckels did not last very long (the 6" 4-star pro's blade snapped in half and 8"'s handle came apart on one side). The quality of a Wusthof really shows when you use it for something it's not meant for and is still extremely reliable.And as you can read in all the other reviews, it is very sharp. In case you're wondering, I've never injured an assistant, but I did slit my foot open one time. I also stuck a head of lettuce to a vaulted ceiling
Steam Fast Quicksteam works for me. I've read great reviews about this steamer and poor reviews.  The poor reviews claim that the unit did not work.  The great reveiws report claims of great steam fast, just like the Good HouseKeeping seal.  I figured that if I bought the unit from Amazon, I could always return it if I was unsatisfied.  I like to steam my clothes.  I have a Jiffy portable unit for travel and home.  I wanted to get a full size unit for home use.  This unit is great.  It heats up fast (less than a minute).  Be sure to hold the trigger and wait.  It is not a passive steamer.  A pump activates to provide a nice flow of steam.  This unit has a water filter.  It slides into the drain plug on the bottom of the unit.  In the package you will receive information about accessories.  I called the support company, Top Innovations and ordered a few extra supplies.  I ordered two extra water filters (for $2.99 each) and also a A-465-K1 Accessory Kit.  This kit has an entirely separate hose and nossle with various attachments.  This will allow me to steam clean counters, stove, tile.  I want it to clean the interior floors of my vehicles after the winter.  I hope this information helps.  If you are considering a home unit with fast steam, a water filter and available accessories, then this may be the model for you.  Michael from Johnstown, Pennsylvani
Bionaire BDQ25-UC 40 Pint Dehumidifier. The Bionaire BDQ25-UC 40 Pint Dehumidifier was not as quiet as I expected, however, it was not as nosey as the old Kenmore Dehumidifier it was replacing.  The Bionaire worked great for the first four months and now I seem to be having some issues with it not working properly.  The error message indicates that the humidity level in the area I am using it is not adequate for it to function so I have adjusted the run time and have repositioned the machine to see it this helps.  If this takes care of the issue then I would give this machine a 4  star rating for working great even if it is not as quiet as advertised
Da Bird is Da Bomb. My cat goes absolutely nuts playing with this toy. He zooms up and down the flight path, jumping and leaping, and he's in a frenzy of delight when he catches it. We store it in the tube, standing behind a door, and he regularly goes and sits behind the door, staring intently at the tube as if Da Bird's going to come flying out at any second. Buy one for your feline friends... you'll never regret it
this product is great. this is a great humidifier.  the only thing i would say is that you can't really notice the hot switch making the air truly hot.  but it works very well
Pretty Pot. Its a beautiful kettle, but wish it were made in USA!  Good size, not too heavy
Versatile size/shape -- perfect for double recipes, large roasts. I agree with the other reviews on the quality, beauty etc.  I will concentrate my review on the size of this pot as I had a lot of trouble deciding on size when I was making my purchase.Le Creusets are good at many things but IMHO the biggest reason for getting one is for its ability to cook gently and slowly over a longer period of time.  This lets the flavors of your dish mix together beautifully and I have found more dimensions of taste when I cook this way.  It's also very good for searing meats and then slowly cooking it until it literally falls off the bone.  So the reason I got a Le Creuset oven is to make stews, pasta sauces, soups, and roasts.The 6.75 quart, oval oven fulfilled my needs perfectly and I have found this size and shape to be quite versatile.  I cook for just my husband and myself, but like many people today we both work so I like to make larger portions and freeze half.  This pot will fit a double or even a triple recipe for spaghetti sauces and the like.  The oval shape allows a rectangular roast or whole chicken or two smaller hens to fit inside.  If you're having friends over for dinner and want to make a bigger roast for 4-8 people, chili for a crowd, etc., this is the perfect size to have.Some people had told me to get a round one if I do mostly stove top cooking, in order to have more even heat distribution from the round burner.  I have found that the heat distributes very evenly on the oval shape, so I prefer the oval because it is a better shape for roasts.Assuming you already have other pots and pans, and are looking to finally add a Le Creuset to your kitchen, IMO this is a very good size/shape to have.
Clean as a whistle. This product works very well.  One 'brew' with the cleaner and two brews with plain water to rinse, and the entire coffee maker looks like new.  Wish the shipping didn't cost nearly as much as the product itself (which is why I went ahead and bought 2 boxes), but even so, it's worth the price
I am very impressed. We have had this about a month.  This is great for cleaning up small messes.  We have it in with our cat litter boxes and it works great for picking up the cat litter!  It has lots of suction for the size.  We also have wood floors, and it is great for going around and sucking up dust bunnies without having to get out the big vac.  The bunnies seem to collect in corners anyway (one thing about wood floors and kids/pets - you can vacuum daily and the dust bunnies will still be there).For the car, it has plenty of power, but not quite enough battery time.  The box says that it will last about 8-12 minutes on a charge, and it is right.  We have a minivan, so it takes longer than a sedan.We have not tried it on wet spills.  I usually just go get a wash cloth for those.  It really doesnt hold that much anyway.No bags to replace is also great. It has a sponge that works as the filter, and you can just rinse it out in the sink after emptying the vacuum.  You DO need to let it dry out before you use it again though.I imagine that the batteries will only last about a year, maybe two, just like our coordless phones. But the vac comes with instructions to replace the batteries, and it looks easy.  At under $20 for the vac, it probably isn't worth it though. Just buy a new vac!Other reviews I have read say you need more volts, and I wasn't sure this would work good.  After trying it, I think it is more than enough for what I use it for. For a bigger job, I get out the big vac.
Best Dog Toy Ever!. My Boston Terrier LOVES this toy.  It is fun to use as a fetch toy and has an unpredictable bounce.  My dog will stand on the couch, throw the kong himself, and runs after it when I am too busy to throw it for him.  For a special treat, I put cheerios or dog food in the toy with a little peanut butter and he is occupied for a good 30 minutes trying to get every piece out.  When he is in a chewing mood he will gnaw at this thing for a long time. He has never tried to chew on any furniture because he loves this toy so much.  We have had this toy for over a year, and it does have some little pieces missing.  The manufacturer says you should take the toy away in that case- but I don't think it is necessary.  Small pieces will come right out the other end with no trouble!Excellent toy
Ah, frothy milk at last.......... Who needs the high tech stuff? This little frother couldn't be better! It works killer within seconds! It even works on my soymilk! I'm so impressed
Does the job. Aside from finding out most like their waffles made a little more toasty and having to use the '4' setting, it's pretty idiot proof if you coat it with a little oil first and make sure it's warmed up (keep it closed).  I modify my waffle recipes and it works fine regardless what I do.    Sure, they occasionally stick and I don't always get the batter in right, and the temperate may vary a wee bit the longer it's on, but this isn't a $100 device, it's just a nice little waffle maker
Columbia Bath Towels. Excellent value towels! Wash first so absorbantcy is best right away. Blue color is gorgeous
Classy and High Quality. I ordered these after finally giving in and buying my dream espresso machine and I am just in as in love with these cups as I am with the machine itself! Not only are they durable and functional but they are classy and cute! They are a lot of fun and I enjoy using them every day
Gift of Corelle. This was a gift to a young mother, it is lightweight, durable, not easily broken.  It is clean looking and has a lot of class for everyday and also for company.
Great addition. A really great addition to our Fiesta collection. This bowl is the perfect size for soup, ice cream, etc. Also great as a small mixing bowl when cooking.
Happiness is a good pan. I have a nice set of Calphalon nonstick cookware. Unfortunately, we do a bit of high heat cooking to brown meat, and nonstick is not good for that. Plus the saute pan we have is a little on the small side. So I've been keeping my eye open for a decent stainless pan.  Spotted this one at Costco on an endcap and picked it up.The Tramontina pan is nice and heavy. It has a thick base, and heats beautifully. Wide enough to put down 6 pork chops, and deep enough to do soups and such. And the handle stays cool, which is nice. But what really impressed me was when we moved to cleanup. Since we had browned the chops, there was plenty of stuck on bits. I took the pan off the heat, rinsed it, covered the stuck on bits with water, and threw it back on the heat. Let it steam a little, then turned it off.First thing was that when I went back to it, the lid had sealed tight. That speaks to good construction, since it actually managed to vacuum seal. Turned the heat back on and the lid immediately released. Second thing was that it rinsed clean with only a light touch from a soft brush
Finally. I had been mourning the passing of the Visions line of cookwear for years.  Now, finally, the line has returned and on Amazon.com.  I LOVE these pots!!!  The ones that I have are over 20 yeears old and have suffered through teaching my 2 youngsters how to cook with only 1 pot being broken.  In a few years I will be teaching my grandson how to cook with these same pots.  The new pots are just as great as my original ones.  You have made me very happy by offering them again and over the internet.
Z - Best Coffee. This is my third Capresso Automatic Coffee Center that I have used both in my office and home. This is absolutely the most user friendly. I have been buying these for office use and then switching to newer models and taking the older one home. That way I get the most up to date technology and friends and relatives are always happy to get a good deal on a used machine. The Z Jura Capresso is so easy to operate that everyone in our office loves it and it is the preferred method of brewing coffee or heating water for soup mixes, tea, cocoa, etc.Coolest styling makes this a HOT countertop appliance and it is appreciated by staff and visitors alike.It is full of electronics to customize how each person drinks their beverage, and what time the machine turns on or off.We love it
Totally Satisfied. Great ItemGreat StyleGreat EfficiencyPricey But Worth I
Cuisipro Peanut Butter and Jelly Spreader. In our family we give a "mystery" kitchen item each year.  Everyone tries to guess what the item is used for.  This spreader really had the group stumped, someone finally came up with it on the third day, with some minor hints.  Since then my 11 year old has been using it to make sandwiches.  She says it works great, but you need to spread the peanut butter first.  This really is a gift for some one who has everything
Unbelievable price!. I was just shopping for some guest room sheets and found the Martex 300-Thread-Count Sheets. When I opened the box, we were shocked by the vivid, rich colors and quality of the sheets. The people I work with were mad I hadn't told them about the deal. Well, so far we've bought 12 sets: for relatives, coworkers and friends. Great price when you combine flat and fitted sheet
Realy works as a strainer to. I use this more as a strain for fried meat than as a screen for splatters
Stirring Things Up. These iced tea spoons are a very high quality. The stainless is beautiful, high gloss and a solid weight. The classic style blends well with other patterns I already have. I feel I got more than my money's worth, and I recommend them
Very good coffee. The teeny tiny review cracked me up.  This is basically a one cup coffee press.  Having seen one before I ordered it, I was aware of it's dimensions.  It does have a nice look to it.I do believe that the quality of a cup of coffee made in a coffee press with fresh ground coffee is superior to coffee made using a drip coffee maker.The glass beaker and metal filter screen is pretty easy to clean.  Replacement parts appear easy to order should they be needed.Overall, I really like this little coffee press
Wonderful addition to my kitchen. I have used the Wusthof knives for over a year now and wanted this type to finish my set.  I am not disappointed at all.  The knife fits my hand perfectly and is so easy to use.  The food that I have cut it with has not once stuck to the side of the blade.  This is what I would deem a "must have".
Stylish, contemporary, practical room accesssory. Perfect for anybody who appreciates no-frills, straight lined, attractive furniture. It's modern and sturdy and a great match for my kitchen dinette set. I love it! And the price is right, too
Not completely microwave-proof. We have a complete set of the Butterfly Meadow for everyday use, and we love the dishes. The only problem I've had was that one of the dinner plates cracked in half while I was heating something small in the microwave.  Perhaps there was not enough food to absorb the amount of heat generated.  Overall, I have not had this problem when I've used the 9-inch plates.  This collection is beautiful, and I have received many compliments from guests.  The good news is that Lenox offers a replacement at 50% of the cost.  I have not spent the time to return it, but it sounds like a good program.Addendum, I called Lenox and they replaced it for free, not 50% charge.  Great product with great service from Lenox
Chopping herbs has never been easier. I saw this exact Mezzaluna chopper in an article about herbs in a recent issue of Cooking Light.  It seemed to be the perfect alternative to chopping herbs on a flat surface.  With the Mezzaluna you don't have to keep gathering the chopped herbs back to the center of the board, they fall back to the center naturally.  Your fingers aren't in danger of being chopped off in the process either, because you don't have to hold the herbs while you chop.  Just rock the *very sharp* curved blade over the herbs. Achieving "minced" has never been easier, or faster.  This chopper is of *excellent* quality, and worth the price
waffle iron/griddle. love the waffle iron/griddle.  I received one just like it 28 yrs ago as a wedding gift.  It recently broke and I had to have a new one.  I've always enjoyed the size, its dual purpose (waffles or pancakes), and how it folds to store.  Glad I could replace my old one so easily
Bark Free Works, but not 100 %. We bought one of these almost three years ago and it has helped us tremendously. I confronted our neighbor about three years ago about his dogs barking, he told me if I had a problem with his dog barking to call the police, I did! He tried to have a restraining order put on us so we couldn't call the police, the judge quickly threw it out and told him to keep his dogs quiet, which he never did. So when he saw me putting this thing up he went balistic. The dogs kennel is about 7ft from my garage where I hung it. The barking is down to less than a quarter of what it used to be. I have had my best results putting it on the setting so the neighbors hear it also,apparently they don't like to hear it ! Too Bad, so sad! The dog gets used to it so every once in a while I unplug it for a day or so. When it is unplugged you definitely hear an increase in barking. Plug it back in and you definitely hear the difference. It has really helped us where the neighbor wouldn't do anything and the cops always showed up after it stopped barking
Love the satin padded hangers!. These satin padded hangers are great for all my 'special' tops, so that I don't get a bump on the shoulder or sleeve like from conventional hangers. Wonderful price! Couldn't make them for that
What I expected. I bought this for my daughter's 8th birthday and it is exactly what I expected. Yes this is a Bissell product, but let's face it, it is meant for children and has a small head and is run off of a charge, it is what it is. I thought my daughter a bit old for this at first, but I thought, "what the heck, if nothing else she can vacuum her room" and that's exactly what she does. I have 4 daughter's who I rely quite a great deal on for help around the house as I have Rhuematoid Arthritis and a bad heart. And my girls a tremendous helpers, but my baby was always feeling left out. This Barbie vacuum allows her to feel like she is accomplishing something. No, it can't suck paint off the walls, but it does clean up my 8 year olds' room quite nicely. She plugs it in and knows to keep it charged. She also likes to do the stairs with her vacuum as the other, normal upright and the shop-vac are both to big for her to manage on her own. Many toy stores sell cleaning toys that don't do anything, but say "Dirt Devil" or "Mr. Clean". At least this Bissell vacuum works. And where others rant that "it doesn't work" or "doesn't suck up anything," you need to remember that it is meant for children and it works fine for them. Like I stated earlier, it is what it is.It gives my 8 year old a feeling of accomplishment, like she is helping out like her 3 older sisters. After all, isn't that the ultimate goal, for the children to feel good about themselves, a strong sense of worth?Worth the $39.99, to make my girl feel good about herself. P.S. (Just as good for a boy)!!!
Mine are Wonderful. Mine do not look "disposable" nor do they look thin. They are very white and no stripes. They have made a big difference with our alleries from day one. No noisy either. Mine do not look "cheap". With the first wash they came out so soft. I always wash any new item first so this maybe the difference! I'm here to place another order for more.
Great buy. I bought this for my boyfriend who is very picky when it comes to drinking his coffee. He loves this mug and uses it everyday. The stainless steel interior makes it so the mug doesn't continually smell like coffee, and the mug holds heat for a couple hours at a time. The build is sturdy and even fits in a car cupholder. I would definitely recommend this mug
Very Elegant. Classic, elegant and versatile decanter.  Very easy to pour from and open wines up beautifully
WOW !!! pops Way fast. We got this yesterday and it pops the popcorn super fast on our gas stove...i was really surprised with how much faster than the microwave it pops up the popcorn. We ate 12 quarts for popcorn yesterday :) (two Batches)i was unimpressed about how lightweight the pan was it's super thin but it's only on the stove for a matter of minutes at a time so it's not really an issue.
We are happy we our purchase. I purchased the IC70 Ice Crusher for my father for Christmas who eats ice all day long.  He loves it and pleased with its performance.  I used it myself a couple of times and like it as well.  I would recommend this product to anyone who wants crushed ice
Good Heater. This heater is really nice. It isn't too loud and it works nicely. The temperature setting seems to be a little off when it comes to accuracy but that is easily fixed by setting the temperature to be a few degrees higher than desired
Best Vacuum I've ever owned!. I do most of the vacuuming. My wife's only request when I went looking for a new model was that it use a bag. She absolutely hates the bagless models and doesn't want to see what we're pulling up. We have two dogs (an Akita and a Golden Retriever) to contend with and during shedding season the vacuum is running at the very least once a day. So after searching I find this model. I researched it to death and just as my wife was ready to kill me I take the plunge and order it from Amazon. Now the order status said it would take 12 days to get here and I was shocked when it arrived in 4. The big thing I like about this unit is that the bags it uses (although a little hard to find)have a handle on the top that seals up the dirt as you remove it from the machine so you never have to see or touch the dirt. The unit is a little heavy but moves around quite well. And boy does it clean! Our rugs look fantastic!One complaint I have about it is that when you bring the unit into the full upright position the beater bar shuts off. Another would be that you cannot turn the vacuum on unless its in the full upright position..I know its a safety feature..I just don't like it. The pickup tube is built into the handle and when fully extended is great for cleaning the blinds and ceiling fan blades. The little power head unit was great for getting the dog hair off of the curtains and the side of the sofas.Overall I would buy this unit again and my experience with buying a high ticket item from Amazon was so positive that I've purchased other items and make it my first place to look now
It works. When I first read the praises of these expensive glasses, I thought it was just more wine snob BS, but finally decided to try them.  Sure enough, they make wine taste better compared to other shapes, but only you can tell if it's worth the price
So useful!. This bowl is shallow enough to serve from and deep enough to really load it up.  I use mine constantly, and didn't think I would when I bought it.  We reach for this ahead of all the other bowls and platters I own.  I love my Fiestaware, you can't go wrong with these durable and colorful dishes
Wuestof is the best. The pieces I use the most in this set is the scissors, cook's knife, paring, bread and sharpening steel.  I can do without the other ones but I like the extra slots to add to my collection and it's more expensive to collect them singly.I used to think that all knives are created equal.  Since I love cooking shows and Top Chef, I always wanted to chop as fast as they do.  I used to watch Fu Pei-mei Chinese cooking shows when I was a little girl and she said that you can do it by curling your fingers in so the knife touches your knuckle.  I tried and tried and for fear of seing my bare white knuckles, I just couldn't do it.  Then after I came here, American chefs chop differently using a rocking motion.  I bought from Costco a set of Henckles International knives what I thought was high quality knives... afterall, they were a German brand Henckles.  When I first got them, I always had mysterious cuts on my other fingers but I thought it must be me.  Then I tried to imitate the American chefs. I tried and tried and for fear of loosing all my fingers, I just couldn't do it.  I thought I must have the technique wrong.  Afterall, they do it with such finesse.  Well, I finally gave in at my old age b/c my expensive German knives turned out to be made in Spain and are so dull that I can barely cut through chicken thighs, even after sharpening.  So I finally got myself some righteous German knives... First, I didn't feel like spending a lot for the knives so I bought the cheaper Wusthof Gourmet set for half the price.  Ha... you get what you pay for... the smaller knives are so thin, I thought I could break it.  I returned it and got the "creme de la creme" (ok, almost b/c there's the Shun) Wuesthof classic and the Wuesthof Santoku used by almost all the celebrity chefs on the Food Network.  Now I know the secret to all those chefs who can chop so fast.  It's not the technique... it's the KNIVES.
Lasted until it yellowed. Glad to see they still make this clock.  Yea, the parts are simple but I love the way it looks on on my wall.  I even changed the dots when I moved.  It used to be on a white wall, now it looks even COOLER in my new place w/ my own white dots on a GLASS wall.  The one I had for 10+ years just died.  I'm ordering another one.  Hopefully, it'll last as long
Great Addition To My Set. I purchased this pot to add another dimension to my already huge collection, the funny thing is that I didn't have a 3qt pot? and it fit in nicely
Amazing. This game is amazingly accurate. It tells you to think of something, (so far the things that I have thought of- that it has indeed got correct- are a parrot, milk, shoes, dvd, stove, washing machine, candle) then it asks 20 questions- such as "Is it smaller than a loaf of bread?", "Can you put something inside of it?" Just real general questions- I have no idea how it can correctly guess the object that you are thinking of after just asking 20 vague questions, but it does. And it's awesome... I highly recommend this to anyone of any age- this will provide hours of entertainment!!!
Great buy for those who like a heavy pillow. I've had the same pillows for a long time -- probably over 15 years.  Who knows what they were filled with, but I loved them because they were heavy.  Can't sleep on feather pillows and it seems like most of the pillows you find in stores are so light weight.  Saw the Mogu and decided to give it a try as a replacement.  I'm very happy with it.  It is the closest thing that I've found to my old pillows.  If anything, the 2 chamber version was too hard at first, but after a couple of nights of use, it is just fine.  Seems like it is well made and will hold up for some time
Shepard Floor Lamp - Mica. This lamp is a beautiful, warm, addition to my bedroom.  I love the sleek style and its simple elegance.  The only thing I might mention is that it isn't as bright as I expected.  It is perfect for mood lighting, but don't expect it to light an entire room.  I bought two of them and the accent lamp and the three lights together provide just enough light for my bedroom.
Easy to assemble, great for media storage... This slick container will hold your DVD's and you can opt to label the outside of the box in any manner you choose.  Easy snap together buttons make it a unique storage unit and it looks sleek and classy housed with your home entertainment center.  Great price and 2 of them come in a package!
A breath of fresh air. This fan is great.  It's quiet (even at high speed).  It does a good job for a large room (12x14, 8' ceiling).  I wish there was a separate button to turn it off/on.  You have to scan through speed/temp settings to turn off.Would have given it 5 stars, but I haven't had it long enough and the control settings thing.
A++ Heat Resistance. This OXO Good Grips Silicone oven mitt is thickly padded on the inside and covers a good amount of the wrist and forearm, allowing you to reach deep into your oven. The silicone prevents the heat from penetrating the mitt and the raised grips help keep the mitt from slipping. My only criticism is that it is bulky and you need an extra hand to lift pans and casseroles, but this goes for any oven mitt I've ever used.This OXO silicone oven mitt is priced well below the other OXO silicone oven mitts selling on Amazon for $19.95 and from what I can tell there is no difference, except for color. The gray color offered for this listing is very neutral and will probably match any kitchen decor
Not like Mom's but modern substitute. I noticed a lot of comments about the plastic parts. They're refering to a plastic gluide attached to the metal supports that alow the steps to slide out insead of tipping back and then forward. I can't tell you how many times my grandkids got their fingers pinched on that setup on my old stool. The new one is so much safer for the fingers. I love the color, it is a nice soft yellow. I was afraid it was going to be the old bright yellow of the 50's. I love my stool. Fits in its spot nicely, and tip it to the back and drag it where I need it.
Met my expectations. The fan works perfectly and moves a lot of air.  The low speed pushes a bit more air with a bit more noise then I'ed like but switching to the "nature" mode solves that problem while sleeping. I especially like the duel oscellating modes, moves air all around the room.  This is the first fan I've seen with a remote....neat.It came packed partially disassembled but went together quickly.  No complaints.
Wonderful product. I am so pleased with this product. It does an incredible job on our Great Pyrenees coat and mats, the only problem we had was it broke on our first use. We did superglue it back together, and now it works like a charm. We love it
Efficient cooker, excellent product. This cooker is excellent for steaming vegetables; cooking rice or lentils.Cleanup is a snap and parts are widely available in most retail stores
Classy,  yet durable. These ramekins are perfect for flan, custard, pudding, and the like.  They are beautiful, yet very heavy duty.  After buying one set in cherry red, I bought another set in flame 2 weeks later.  These are a definate must buy
Cooking. Very pleased with the price point, quick delivery.  It is just a beautiful piece of kitchen equipmen
Tablecloth. This tablecloth is exactly what I was looking for.  It is a good quality material and the shipping was very fast
pink cooking for a great cause !. this is a great spatula/spoon... I would rate it equivalent to the Pampered Chef ones that I love so much...it is flexible, heat resistant, and I use it for everything from scraping bowls to mixing to scrambling eggs to serving...it is easy to clean... the only issue I have with this product is that the packaging does not state whether or not it is dishwasher safe, so I have been hand washing it just in case it is not...overall, a great product with many uses, and pink for a cure for cancer... who can resist ??
Doesn't look much, worked like a charm and then some. This brush may not look much at first, but the effectiveness cannot be overstated.  I have a long hair husky that we brushed regularly and didn't think much of it until I got this brush.  Even without the knot cutter (the long bladed edge), the rake itself is so functional that the first day we removed another bucket hair that we didn't even know was there.  I am an online shopaholic, and she said this is the best $10 I spent
Just about perfect!. I loved my 8 inch Global chef knife so much I ordered this veggie knife.  Oh wow, this thing is perfectly balanced and because of it's smaller size it is just about perfect for most veggies.  It also fits in your hand extremely well. If you are going to cut up a potato, it is hard to beat the chef's knife.  However, for cutting up a tomato, carrot, etc. this thing is the best tool I have ever used.  Just wonderful
Great Product. It Really Works!!. I started my 14 year old cat on this when she started having problems with her joints.  It has made a huge difference in her quality of life.  She jumps and runs around like she is 10 years younger.  I wholeheartedly recommend it for the older cat with joint problems.  It's easy to give her as it's in a capsule form and I easily open the capsule and sprinkle the powder on her wet food, then mix it in and she eats it up and doesn't know anything is different in her food.  As I said a great product
So far, so good. I have not seen a crack in the handle of my new wok, but I am keeping my eyes open. In the meantime, I have used the wok to cook a couple of meals. Keeping with the fine Le Creuset tradition of fabulous cookware, the wok cooks beautifully. I have read elsewhere that high stovetop temperatures may compromise the cast iron, so I keep the heat to medium to medium-high. The cast iron retains heat beautifully, so you won't need high heat to cook. I give the wok five stars so far. If the handle cracks, it's back to Williams-Sonoma for another
Excellent Room Heating Unit. This little unit heats two of our children's rooms (10x8 and 12x14) perfectly! Their rooms are normally around 63 degrees while the house is at 66, and this unit will elevate them to 75-80 degrees with very little effort. I know because I used an electric thermometer to measure the temperature.Don't expect this unit to completely heat a room without the presence of a central home heating unit. Meaning, this unit will not heat a small cabinet in the middle of the wood by itself. But if you have central heating (baseboard or central-air) and keep the temperature low to save on gas bills this is a perfect unit! It's made to complement them.The only thing that I wish it has is a digital thermometer so that I can set it at the exact temperature instead of doing it by feel. But then, it's so inexpensive I can't really complain..
Great All Purpose Knife. The Classic series knife was the third individual henckles knife that we purchased. Previously we had purchased knives from the Eversharp line and were not happy with them at all.  This knive was a pleasant surprise and led us to experiment with more of the Henckles line until we ended up purchasing a Pro S series set that we absolutely love.  Although the Classics are not as sharp as the S series knives they are much more affordable and are very good strong and sturdy knives. The 6 inch utility knife is a great all purpose knive that I find myself reaching for more than any of the others
I love my Farberware Millenium. I bought my Farberware Millenium set nearly 2 years ago.  They clean up really well and look pretty much like the day I got them.  No problems with the dishwasher at all!  The silicon grips are my favorite feature (aside from being stainless steel).  They make it so much easier to cook and not have to grab pot holders all the time.  I'm a person that is clumsy with hot pots, so this was perfect.  The handles are really sturdy too.  I grew up in a home with the Farberware classic series and the plastic handles on those would always come loose and have to be tightened w/ a screwdriver.  This hasn't been the case with the Millenium.  I really would like to buy some more to expand my set in the future.  These were an amazing price for what I got.  Highly recommended
My favorite knife. Have owned this knife for 3 years. Use it every day. Also have an 8" Henckels. The 10" Wusthof was a gift from my husband and the first time I saw it I was taken aback, thinking "that knife is too big!" NO - it's perfect; a strong, balanced, time-saving workhorse. I much prefer it to the 8" Henckels. I touch it up frequently with my Accusharp Knife Sharpener (another excellent tool) because I like my knives very sharp. This knife is an investment in cooking pleasure that I enjoy every time I use it.
Can't say enough about this little gadget!. This little gadget is one of my favorite purchases. It is so easy to use and clean and makes a great froth. All I have to do is put a little milk in my cup, microwave for about 1 minute, froth for about 15 seconds, then add a nice French Roast and I have a wonderful Cafe Au Lait.  It really was as good as the ones I have gotten at coffee shops. Can't wait to try it with milkshakes and hot chocolate. To clean just froth up a little soapy water, rinse, and then turn on for a few seconds to dry. Couldn't be easier or work any better
Memories. I remember the same style step stool chair in my grandmother's kitchen.  This one is very similar except the plastic parts, which seem to keep  the steps from coming out far enough and stay out as well as the original did. The screws seem to keep coming out.  Other than that is sits well and works for a counter chair for eating in the kitchen
"BEST SHEETS EVER". Perfect fit and soft as can be the more you wash the softer they are
Does exactly what I needed. This is a pretty straight forward product, it holds dishes.I have storage/accessability issues with my serving items and this product helps solve that problem
great tray. The ice cubes come out intact - not chipped or cracked.  To get them out, push each cube from the bottom with your finger.For fastest and easiest results, wait for 5 minutes after taking the tray out of the freezer. This way, the ice cubes will pop right out. If you don't wait, your fingertip will be freezing while trying to push them out
Not about efficiency, it's about maintaining the ideal temperature. Got it as a gift for Xmas, and it's been by my side ever since, even bringing it on a road trip for New Year's!  Its value is not its cooling efficiency; I'm not going to put a room temperature bottle of cava in the thing and expect it to get cold quickly.  I'll still put that bottle in the freezer for a quick chill.Instead, the value of this machine is that it finds and maintains the wine's OPTIMUM temperature it within a narrow band.  Choose your wine (though the library is not comprehensive, you can always find an appropriate facsimilie), and it will get cooler until it reaches your setting's temperature.  If you want white or sparkling wine, chill it first in the fridge (or freezer if you're in a rush), then plunk it in there and let if find the ideal temperature.It's a fun, simple, and wine-enhancing gift.  The difference in temperature makes a big difference in the pleasure of enjoying wine
Pick a peck o' peppers. These four stoneware peppers match the Le Creuset pepper cast iron enameled pot. The four are useful for entertaining (hold dip, hot cheese, cooked items.) They also make a very nice gift for your favorite vegan or vegetarian. They hold 13 ounces, so are not large enough for a tureen for two, but can be used to serve side dishes on the table.
Powerful citrus juicer. This juicer is great for citrus - lemons, limes, oranges. Easy to use and easy to clean. Most important....when you press down on the fruit, the motor keeps going and you get every last drop of juice. The motor does not stop as you add pressure, like many juicers. This one is powerful enough to do a great job
I needed these. because my kids tend to run off with all the pillows!  Husband says they are still too stiff and will bother his neck.  They fit the pillow cases tightly.  But they will be good for sitting up in bed as a backrest
LOVE IT!. I AM VERY PLEASED WITH MY EMPIRE VEG. BOWL. I LOVE IT, THEY ALL LOOK GREAT, RETRO FEEL YET RELAX FEEL. I WOULD HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS TYPE SET TO MY FRIENDS. MY  BUSY TEENAGE SON WHO IS 19 YEARS OLD  WITH HIS ON BUSY LIFE(COLLEGE,DATING AND WORK)EVEN HAS NOTICED AND COMMENTED.
Oxo Good Grips GREAT. This mixing bowl is a good size for most any task. Its easy to use and clean up is easy. Great Quality
Solid Performance; Excellent Value. This is a terrific machine.  Amazon's price beat everyone, especially with their 20% promotional discount, no sales tax and no shipping charges.  The oversized feed tube makes pre-processor preparation much simpler as I don't have to try to "fit" my ingredients into a narrow tube.  Clean-up is great since everything goes in the dishwasher except the fully-sealed motor/base which wipes down easily and has no crevices to trap any misses/messes.  It's quiet and efficient.  I only wish that there were more outlets (hear me Amazon?) that sold the accessory discs and blades that fit this processor so there would be some competition to drive the price of these items to a more reasonable level.  Overall, I am highly satisfied and happy I spent a little more and got the best
Exceeded Expectations. The 10-piece hard anodized cookware set exceeded my expectations and my wife loves it. It was a great buy for the money spent, so I would hightly recommend it!!
Sturdy yet light. I agree wholeheartedly with the prior review. The whole pan feels extremely sturdy, yet easy to handle.  The exterior is mirror-finish stainless steel and the interior a non-stick coating that is great for eggs, chicken, or whatever one chooses to fry.  Cleanup is a breeze by hand; have yet to need the diswasher.  Based on my experience with this pan, and a smaller cousin, I intend to purchase a whole set of Chef's Classic, be it non-stick or hard-adonized. You will not be disappointed; a great value.  I did not see this pan or the product line in the big chain stores; purchased this pan at a discount store, as an open-stock item at a nice discount; will probably purchase the rest of the set on-line.  Wondering if there is a matching lid
Solid design, good instructions for easy assembly. Great value.  Excellent instructions with all parts correctly labeled.  Couldn't sleep, so I went down to the garage at 4:00 AM and despite the fact that I was in fact half asleep, I was done in 45 minutes winding up with a well built desk.  Hardware included extras!  A small but classy detail.  And just to play along I actually did loose one cam-loc nut behind the bench.   Buy it
Works Wonders!. I LOVED this stuff! My carpets are so clean and smell great now, which is a miracle, considering the amount of dirt my two dogs and two year old track in. I was amazed at the result
Very Cool!. OXO is amazing, and this colander is pretty wonderful.Tosses in the dishwasher, easier to clean in general than the ld shcool meatal ones.Spagetti is tough in this; the holes are actually slits, and spaghetti can get caught- hence the 4 stars. For eveything else- fabulous
style and quality. I purchased this item last christmas and have used it to airate many red wines. I have had no issues with the decanture being delicate. Infact we machine wash it after each use. The only issue I have had is when we first recieved the decanture we had difficulty placing the dacanture in the stand correctly. Other than that it is a wonderfully stylish piece of glassware when not being used and a quality redwine decanture
Excellent bread machine. I own the zojirushi bread machine for about a year. I bake 1-2 per week. The machine makes excellent bread & dough. I haven't bought a loaf of bread since I bought this machine. When I want a more crusty bread, make pizza, or make a foccacia I use the dough cycle with amazing results. Highly reccomend this product.P.S. It takes a little practice, if you never used a bread machine before.Read instuctions carefully & measure ingredients. If your bread is slopsided watch for drafts. Most of my breads come out looking picture perfect & the taste you can't compare it with store bought bread. Plus, no preservatives or additives of any kind
Glad Enough. We're glad enough for this new mattress; our first experience with memory foam. It's an adjustment after having a traditional mattress and box spring. Two concerns: 1) the off gassing is very serious and has taken 2 weeks - not 2 hours to dissipate. If you get the mattress, definitely take care of yourself and run a strong air purifier in a heated room for as long as it takes. 2) our body heat, plus the memory foam leads to a lot of heat under the covers. If you already have night sweats or sleep hot, beware
fast delivery. I ordered 5 sets of the flutes and all arrived in a timely manner in perfect condition.  Will not hesitate to order from Amazon in the future.Judy Sander
Great for college students!. This is an awesome product to have in an apartment! I am a college student and do not particularly enjoy cleaning. But with this BISSELL sweeper, you don't have to plug it in or worry about the sound at all. It's perfect because it works on both carpets and wood floors, so only one unit is needed for both surfaces!  Definitely worth buying
Easy espresso. Have been having a lovely time using this machine.  We have espresso almost every afternoon.  It is just so very quick and easy
efficient. I have hard wood floors and 2 cats.  The Hoover Flair works great at picking up small bits of debris, kitty litter and cat hair.  It is a little difficult to clean the filter but overall, a great purchase
This model does not have a remote. I wish I would have known this before I bought it.  Years ago I bought one of these, except it was blue and white.  It includes a remote control.  I really like it, except that it doesn't oscillate anymore.  I wanted to get two more for other rooms in the house.  This model (HZ-338) doesn't include a remote.  But I noticed that a lot of the ones with remotes, on amazon and other sites, are out of stock or discontinued, or they cost a lot more.  What's up with that
Nice and light. Poor packaging, some damaged pieces. Dishes are nice and light.. they look good with the unusual rounded triangular shape. Fit easily into dishwasher unlike our last set. Amazon is sending a new set and will have to send back the broken set
A little expensive for the quality. I feel its kind of expensive for plastic razor scraper. I pushed really hard and it did not break! I only gave it 4 stars due to price.I had to scraper really really hard on one little spot to get it completely clean for 10 minutes. The burnt on grease cerama bryte remover does not work well.  I used the remover liquid with the razor while i was scraping to speed the process. It will take me forever to clean my glass top. 1 rating for the burnt on grease remover cleaning solution.i tested the remover solution for 10, 20, and 30 minutes. I was not impressed!
Mario Products Are Beautiful. My Grandson purchased the set of bowls for me ,something I keep on the counter at all times just so handy to have for all of my cooking.Have some pieces of Mario Cookware too which I just love.
This is a must-have for anyone with pets!. My cats love to sleep on the guest bed.  I used this mattress tool on the comforter and pillow shams on that bed, and I swear it never looks this good unless it's been dry cleaned!  It was remarkably easy and quick, and while it removed all the cat hair, it never tried to suck up the comforter.I've also used this on my sofa and loveseat, with great success
GREAT DISHES. LOVE EM, LOVE EM, LOVE EM ! AS ALWAYS CORELLE IS THE VERY BEST. LIGHT WEIGHT. EASY TO WASH. THEY LAST FOREVER.
great dish for college students. i've got one of these floating around my house (without the lid) with the other "common" (shared) dishes.. and i have to say, everyone loves this one. i think it's great b/c of the handle, more than anything else. college students like handles on their dishes
Untimate ice cream maker. We had been looking at a White Mountain freezer for over two years (ever since our cheap, plastic bucket type died), but the relatively high price always turned us off. We finally decided to purchase, and WOW, what a difference! For the first batch (strawberry), I followed directions precisely, which call for a LOT of salt. I was amazed when it was done in less than twenty minutes and was the smoothest texture we ever had in homemade ice cream. I just had to make a second batch (peanut butter), which was done in 12 minutes and again came out great! The only fault I found is wood bucket dries out in storage and requires soaking in water for an hour or so to swell and not leak. Would definitely recommend machine to anyone serious about making good homemade ice cream fast.
Great Electric Airpot with reasonable price!!!. It is a friendly user device. It works great with reasonable price
Oh my so much fun. Our first cat attacked this before I even got it out of the bag. She loved it.  Our new cats chase and attack this with great abandon. They jump, chase, pounce and race to get it. Then there is the "capture". It is a great interactive toy for our pets
use it every day. I bought my bread machine a few weeks ago and I use it every day. The white and rye bread recipes turn out perfectly every time.  I've also made an apple cake and two meatloafs.  I tried one wheat bread loaf ... it was very tasty, but not quite the consistency that I like ... so I need to play around with that one alittle bit.   I've never been a cook and definitely have never baked a loaf of bread before ... but now that my kids are grown up, I now have some time to work in the kitchen.  I highly recommend this machine
Product's Name that really describes what the product really does!. Your Product's Name that really describes what the product really does!  It is amazing that the Hair magnet really is easy to use and more amazing is the manner in which it preformes gathering pet hair
Did the job. This product did what I wanted it to do.  It turned lights off and on in my house on a twice daily schedule.  The timer dial in terms of a.m. and p.m. was a little confusing at first but, hey, it could be me and I did figure it out
coffee filter. I highly recommend this product as I have used it through three coffemakers.  It just keeps going and going and going!!
Gorgeous, darling!. These plates are so beautiful, they liven up any dish. They're sturdy, functional ... what more can you ask for? I love them and can't wait for more
It WORKS... it really WORKS!!. I was desperate for something to control the odors from a litter box used by three adult cats. I'm normally a skeptic but I figured I could return this if it didn't work. I tested the Smellkiller when the box was in need of a change, just to see if it lived up to its hype. I washed the disc in a little soapy water to remove packing dust as instructed, placed it in the dish with tap water almost all the way up to the top, and placed the dish directly on top of the litter box. After three or four hours, the smell was unnoticable in the apartment and hardly perceptible even when we stood right next to the box.  As a bonus, a nearby windowless bathroom was completely free from mildew odor for the first time since I moved in. Amazing
Stay At Home Floor Prodtection Pads. I love these pads.  I have a dog that thinks you go in the house and one that is 15.  They go on the pads and it protects my floor.  I would recommend them to anyone
The Best Cob Holders in the World. I have used many different types of corn cob holders over the years and these are the best by far.  They also nest inside each other so you don't lose part of the pair and they won't "stick" anything else in the drawer.  I LOVE them!!!!!!
This is a nice grill!. I got this as a shower gift a few weeks ago.  It works great!  The heat is even, cleaning is easy, and no smoke.  The package said using sauces could cause smoke, but we never had a problem.  My only advice is don't cook meat on the bone on this grill.  It took forever to cook a few chicken legs, and they were still raw in the center. If if had a lid to hold the heat in maybe it would have worked a little better.  I'm going to stick to burgers, shrimp, veggies, and boneless chicken.  Those all turn out great.
Best Waffles Ever. I bought this waffle iron as a Christmas gift for my son Dan, who loves to cook, and had this item on his list.  I have to admit that at first I didn't think it would be any better than the waffles I make with my much cheaper Toastmaster waffle maker that I've had for 10 years. On Christmas morning, Dan made waffles using the basic recipe for waffles that came with the instruction book. The smell in my kitchen was unbelievably good, and the waffles came out perfectly baked, and much faster than my old waffle iron. They were so much better tasting that I think I'm going to buy one of these for myself, and retire the old toastmaster. I can hardly wait to have some of  these waffles with strawberries and whipped cream on top. If you love waffles, this waffler is worth every penny
Great for display. I wanted this teapot because it matched my purple kitchen.  I don't use it for tea because of it's heaviness and the fact that it gets very hot to hold.  Other than that, everyone asks me where I got it because you just don't see something this unique daily.  I really love it and am glad that I added this teapot to my collection.  I don't think it's practical for tea though. Might want to check out something else for that
Awesome product. This is the best!  I had used an air popper, but it was incredibly noisy and slow and worst of all, the kernels tasted stale.  Now, I get near-perfect bowls of popcorn every time, and it tastes so good that I now eat it absolutely plain (I use no oil or butter, but it does take a while to get used to having no salt).As other reviewers have noted, the bowl does get incredibly hot after cooking, and stays that way for quite a while (10-15 minutes).  Also, after 6 months using it perhaps 5 times per week, my bowl is beginning to show some discoloration.  However, these nits are so worth it to get good popcorn and to avoid the crud that is in the microwave popcorn bags.  Also, I see no reason to get a bowl that requires those paper inserts.  This bowl works great without them.As for cooking time, just listen to the popping, and stop when there are 2 or 3 seconds between pops
B&D cleaning "tools" or how to get a guy to clean. . . While not the first to come to market with a powered scrubber[As seen on TV]this scrubber has a much more solid feel than its competition without being *too* hefty.  It's geared so there's sufficient torque to allow for some serious scrubbing and the ability to remove any remaining teflon from your non-stick pot or pan.  And if you know the difference between a pot or pan*, this is a gadget made just for you.I would strongly suggest using rechargeable batteries rather then start the cycle of use and refuse and ameliorating the long term impact on the environment and your wallet[or purse].So why not five stars?  Two reasons....first, the tired hospital color scheme is just as attractive today as it was 50 years ago. Yech!  Of course, if you still have any appliances of that bygone era, you will remain completely coordinated satisfying even the most severe case of OCD.   Second, only TWO scrubbing pads????  Yes, they are different grades of "scratchless?", but including at least one replacement set wouldn't send B&D stock into a downward spiral, would it?   I would strongly suggest ordering an extra set of pads [no, unlike B&D's other scrubbers, these pads are exclusive to this model only] with your purchase.Is this product even remotely neccesary?  No!  But you know what they say about a woman and her toys . . .  er. . . D'oh!I've got this sinking feeling that in a couple of months I'll be writing a review on the new Porter-Cable "POWER SPONGE", and men will finally begin experiencing the joy of receiving something to clean with next Christmas!  Apparently revenge is a dish best served cleaned.AX~*hint: Can you *handle* it?
corelle will always make the best dinnerware!  :). I grew up with corelle, even inherited the set.  I just wanted to add some flare with the cute stripes.  I hope to pass this one on to my kids
It's great. Dont get me wrong these is not a great quality flashlight, but for the price i think it is well worth it, and if you have had other led flashlights, you will be surprized  at how well it iluminates with 4 leds, it iluminates as much as my 8 led one
Absolute luxury. I was thrilled when I received these towels and found them to be significantly larger than the usual bath sheet size. They have a wonderful thick nap and are a decadent pleasure
Best Handheld Cheese Slicer. The Trudeau Adjustable Cheese Slicer is simply the best handheld cheese slicer I've ever used.  It's ergonomic, sturdy, smoothly operating, easy to adjust and easy to clean
Love this Item. It works great on turning eggs.  I loved it so much that I got them for gifts, as well as another one for myself.  I would truly recommend this item to anyone out there.  It is truly a spatula to flip for
A great little clock. After failing to find a simple, easy to use travel clock in local stores I decided to search online and got this one. Even though it's inexpensive, the craftmanship isn't shoddy: all the parts fit together well and are easy to adjust. Parts of it glow in the dark (including the hands, number marks, and pop-up part that lets you know that you set the alarm).It's very quiet and doesn't take up much space. If only more things in life were like this great little clock
VERY PLEASED. After having read the positive comments, I purchased the F5914 from Amazon and it was delivered this week.  I tried it today and I'm very pleased with the results.  Even though my den just needed to be "refreshed", I was amazed to see how dirty the water was.  I had brought home a Bissell with a lot of bells and whistles but the Amazon comments were very negative so I returned it.  The only negative comment would be that the writeup in Amazon is not correct.  There was no bare floor attachment in the box.  I had to order one from the Hoover Store. But that has nothing to do with the performance of the machine.
does what it does. i bought this pillow for my wife.  she sleeps with a teddy bear and is always doing work/homework in bed.  she was just promoted and i thought it would be a cute present.  so far, it's delivered
Thank you, Pinzon!. While searching Amazon for a 3.5 to 4 quart saucepan recently, my eyes widened when I read the review titled "Sturdy Pan" in which the reviewer writes that the handle fell off her Revereware saucepan, because the same happened to MY Revereware saucepan.Anyway, I'm glad that happened, because this product is much better. The saucepan is thick-walled, and so retains heat longer. Its brushed stainless steel body is easy to clean of food and drippings. It heats quickly and evenly, with no isolated hot spots. The lid is METAL; if I drop it (which will eventually happen), it won't break as might a tempered-glass lid. The lid is flat with a handle that doesn't stick unnecessarily high; this means I can fit the saucepan into a smaller space in the fridge (as is usually the case in my home) than if the lid was curved with a high, arched handle. Finally, I bought it on sale for $19.99, and even with shipping, it's a bargain. (Check out the prices that "gourmet" saucepans go for.)My one qualm with the saucepan is that it doesn't have a helper handle. When the saucepan is full or nearly so of food, it's HEAVY, and to move it from stove to table, I have to slide it onto a plate. Thus, four stars
Beautiful little fountain. This fountain was a gift for my mom over the holidays.  She absolutely loved it.  Trust me, the pictures do not do this little fountain justice.  It is very pretty and relaxing to see in person.  It is also very quiet, so the hum of the pump does not become annoying.  You do need to use destilled water for this fountain, but that's cheap anyway
Look Very Sophisticated. I've had these shower curtains for about 2 months now, I'd gotten them as a Wedding Shower gift.  I've had no problem with them coming off the rod as I pull the shower curtain.  For the price they work beautifully.  I haven't seen any rust yet, and also haven't dropped one.  So We'll see what happens in the future.  But for now, I still think these look great for the price and function well
Most used piece. I own the MCP 12 piece stainless steel, but wanted a decent non-stick skillet so I picked this up.  It works great and has been the most used piece I own...I do wish it would have come with a lid (or one was offered separately) but I found an inexpensive 12" all-purpose chef's classic that had a great glass semi-domed lid that I purchased and use the lid from
good. easy to use and easy to clean and storem look online for jerky recipie
A great product. I think this is a greater product. Unlike other intercom systems I've bought this one is wireless and the sound is clear
Wonderful knife. I bought this knife for my husband as a Christmas present with the thought that I would be using it too. The main reason that I purchased it was for the size of the knife. Its a little smaller than the tradional chef's knife, but I like it better for chopping and slicing. It fits in your hand wonderfully. The quality has been great so far. I went back and forth between this knife and the model that was one step up. For the cost difference, I decided to go with this model. We use it quite a few times a week and I figured it would hold up well for household use. It's a wonderful knife for the cost
Nice. I like this air purifier a lot.  The "Quick Filter" option is very loud but can and will clean the air in a room very quickly.  The "Air Quality" sensor doesn't really work all that well.  It usually just displays the air as being the cleanest even when I took it into my basement.  The UV light comes on and stays on whehn its supposed to.  The quiet settings are quiet.  The medium setting is good white noise for sleeping if you like that sort of thing
Incomplete. We ordered 3 boxes of the 10 click racks.  2 boxes contained only 9 racks.  We e-mailed Vacu Vin Inc. and was told to return the boxes for new ones.  We really didn't feel it was worth our time to ship it all back, so we will do without.  They do fasten together easily and will fulfill our purpose
I love this skillet!. Well, I needed to replace my old skillet that died. After hearing about the horrors of Teflon and other non-stick coatings that can come off and toxify foods, I conducted research into alternatives. I could not be happier with the titanium ceramic surface of this skillet! I use it all the time and with metal utensils, and it looks just like new. It is soooo easy to just wipe clean. It all disassembles easily so cleaning is not a problem. I saw in another review that there was a crevice food could fall into and not be reachable and I'm thinking that person must not realize it all comes apart. I love the size -- just a little larger than most others. I highly recommend this skillet!!
FABULOUS. I went a little nuts this Christmas; I got the spending bug. And while I might regret a purchase or two, this chair, which I got for myself with the ottoman, was worth every penny. The minute my boyfriend, who is a carpenter, set it up (only took about 15 minutes) I was ensconced. It is good looking; it is comfortable, especially when you can stretch out with the ottoman. It is almost a chaise, but more versatile. Blah blah not the exact color of the chair in the photo, but I like the true color better anyway, a rich caramel. One or two scratches on the arms, but I only noticed them because other reviews mentioned them. Really not a problem. Topped it all off with a Pike Street Wrap-Around Comfort Throw in green. Added a good book (maybe Kite Runner?), and I was in heaven. All for about $260. This is my first armchair, god knows why. I couldn't have chosen a better one.
Best Toy Ever. My dog absoluely loves this toy. We have had one since she was a puppy, over 6 years ago, and its still going. This is the only toy that she will play with for hours on end and gets excited when she see it. Definitely worth buying, it gives great excercise. We sometimes use it as a distraction when our dog gets anxious
Can't get a better deal ANYWHERE else. The 16-piece set is cheaper on Amazon then anywhere else I have seen, new. Much to my suprise, when I ordered the 16-piece set, I had received a 4-piece set as a bonus. I will pick up another set shortly as the value is just to good to pass up
good product. This replaced another stainless steel compost pail that had a solid lid rather than the vented/filtered lid of this product.  The result is that the compost in this pot does not quickly get broken down and smelly, so you don't have to empy this one as often.  A more interesting external appearance would have been nice, but this one is not obtrusive.  I would buy it again
Out of this world!. I found the comforter to be well made and bright and colorful. The 7yr old that I bought it for loves it. The material isn't the softest but it makes a cool tent
paper towel holder. WITH JUST A PICTURE TO GUIDE ME IN MAKING THE PURCHASE, I DIDN'T KNOW WHAT IT WOULD BE LIKE.I WAS PLEASED WITH NOT ONLY THE HOLDER, BUT THE SPEED THAT IT ARRIVED
Le Creuset. I just bought this and it is my second piece of Le Creuset.  I used it tonight to bake a pot roast with all the trimmings and what a difference this pot makes!  There is nothing on the market that even comes close and I think I have tried them all.  I will spend the extra money any day to have their top of the line products. My first piece was wonderful and this one is equal at the very least.  I am already planning my third piece and am going to replace everything I have, piece by piece.  They are so worth the price and although I am retired and living on a fixed income, I will not hesitate to save my pennies and add to what I already have. As I replace each piece of cookware I have wasted money on, they go out to a yard sale, forget them, I want the best!
Love the can opener. Love the can opener.  Works great!  Easy to clean.
Sweater Shelf. I love this product in terms of its space saving value.  However, I was a bit disappointed that the overall construction of the product wasn't as sturdy as I had expected.  When I placed the sweaters in the various compartments, the whole frame sagged under the weight and the top of the first shelf arched out of shape.  I ended up using the product for lighter items like T-shirts and scarves
Great even for little ones. I bought this for my daughter who is 2 1/2 because she loves to clean. And let me tell you. She absolutely loves it and wont put it down. One great thing for little ones, you can shorten the handle so that even a wee little one can push it without having a huge handle. It picks up really good as well. I would recommend it
yesteryears designs for today. The Hamilton Beach eclectric coffeemaker features all the conveniences of amodern appliance with the retro look of the 50's. It makes excellent coffeeand is programmable. The so-called anti-scorch keep-hot plate stays on for only two hours and is not programmable and has no setting (low-med-high)like other coffeemakers. So the coffee does not remain favorful near the two hour cut-off.The carafe cannot be put in the dishwasher and coffee stains on the lid and mouth of the carafe are hard to remove
Good Skillet. I usually bake cornbread in my 10" cast iron skillet but thought this would be a nice variation.  I seasoned the skillet and before pouring in the batter, I wiped it down with oil and placed it in the oven to get hot. There was a little bit of sticking in the corner but nothing that damaged the cornbread.  I've used it several times since then, mostly working on modifying my own recipe to fit the pan, and the cornbread pops right out.  The cornbread from this pan pairs really well with beans and other types of soup.I have also used the skillet to make scones and muffins.  If you are building your Lodge collection, this is a very good and useful addition.
Truly an Everyday Pan. This is my first official review of anything, ever, I believe.First off:  I needed to start a "grown-up" collection of cookware.    My collection had consisted entirely of the visions cookware my mother gave me when I moved out on my own over ten years ago and the sad pieces I inherited when I purchased my late grandfather's home from his estate (mostly revereware). I had never purchased anything for myself and discovered I did enjoy cooking (and pretty well if I might humbly add) when I moved out.  So for over ten years I have been cooking on very lousy cookware.I managed to get some great pieces at yard sales - mainly Le Creuset.I decided to ask for some good pieces for Christmas last year and did some research on ratings to determine the brand I would try.Two of Calphalon's lines made the top two spots in consumer reports two years ago, so I took a look at them and loved the look of this line.  Plus, I had heard for years that copper was the way to go.I received three pieces that Christmas and this was one of them.They hung in my kitchen (after my husband made a special rack for them) for at least 3 months before I got the nerve up to try them out.  I thought "I can't wait to try them" when I received them, but once they were hung up I thought "They are too pretty to use and scratch up".I got over that eventually and now find myself constantly reaching for this pan in particular.  I use it almost everyday.The size is wonderful.  Large.  I used a much smaller saute pan almost daily and can't believe the difference.PROS/GENERAL COMMENTS:Let it heat up before adding meats and they will release better.It heats evenly - even on an uneven cook surface that tilts to one side.It browns beautifully.I've never burned anything on it.These pieces have a nice weight to them for cooking but are easy to handle (although I did read another tri-ply copper piece review by a woman with arthritis who had trouble with the weight and handle length.)I like that it can go into the oven so you can brown something nicely then finish it off in the oven as some recipes call for.  And you can heat it to 450 degrees.I like the brushed finish as opposed to the mirror finish some other brands use.  I think it looks more elegant.It would probably make a half decent wok or stir fry pan in a pinch.  It has some depth to it compared to skillets.You are not supposed to use non-stick sprays on this line, and I haven't.  Just use a bit of olive oil, it's good for you.It cleans up easily - though the outside does spot up and tarnish quickly.  I also soak my in the sink when I'm too lazy to clean up that night - and you aren't supposed to do that with these pans. The tarnish comes off very quickly (if you care) with salt and white vinegar or Never Dull.  I just polished mine for the first time today.CONS:  The color they tarnish to is an odd yellowy color. Not like better French cookware.   You think the pot actually is permanantly discolored, but it's not.I don't think the actual copper content is very high, but they do the job promised.The handles attached to this pan do get hot.  The lid does not.It does get scratched, but I don't care about that.CONCLUSION:I like this line.  It cooks nicely and cleans up well.  I am now in the process of ordering a ton of Calphalon items from Amazon that are priced so low I couldn't resist.  Mainly the Commercial Anodized line. I will review those when I get the chance to use them a bit.If you like to cook and don't have the proper tools, do yourself a favor and get some good pans and knives.  I used Ginsu steak knives as cooking tools for almost ten years, and "oh the humanity".  I almost gave up ever making salads entirely because I dreaded chopping/sawing things.
Number 1 in my book. After retiring our 12 cup Cuisinart (at least 2 pots a day for 5 years)we decided to try this one.  We love the increased capacity and it is no problem measuring the water because we pour it from the pot.  We do, however use a funnel when pouring it in the reservoir.  No spilling.  I am hoping we get as many or more excellent cups of coffee out of this coffeemaker as we did the old one.
Winters coming. The key to keeping your beverage hot (after you first make it hot, and place it on the surface), is to have a LID on the coffee mug. I found coffee cups with lids at the World Market (ala Cost Plus) in Carlsbad, CA. the kind the Chinese use formally, only 5 bucks. I think if someone starts making coffee mugs with lids (and perhaps a lid lifter like they use on beer steins), it would sell well. My beverages stay way hot all day on the platform, as long as I'm using a ceramic lid. Thats the key folks, use a lid at least and the heat will stay in and it gets hotter as the liquid in your cup gets lower. Keeps my coworkers warmer, so hopefully less flu's go around
A well-designed tool for the serious pizza lover!. I've gone through three cutters and borrowed another one to try out in the last few months.  The Zyliss palm-held model is ingeniously designed and so-so to use, but not really intuitive enough to use readily or well (and I've been a professional hand tool user in a variety of trades for the past 40 years).  I tried out the KitchenAid model with the smaller blade and it was nice and heavy but unimpressive in use.  I suppose the KitchenAid 4" model might have worked well, but it has some negative features I discovered during my research.  The hanging hole is set perpendicular to the blade - not a good idea for hanging against a wall.  The handle is metal and plastic and smooth (not conducive to maximum grip friction) and not shaped well for good torque control.  The pistol grip is nice, but doesn't really add to the control of the operator.  Lastly, the axle is a bolt and nut and apparently isn't completely stainless and eventually needs tightening because the locknut nylon is affected by machine-washing temps.  I'm not surprised Mario Batali's stainless 4" pizza cutter was put out by Copco - I've had a coated, cast iron frying pan by Copco since the early 1970's and it's in exactly the same condition as when purchased - solid, beautiful, functional and a joy to use and own.   This pizza cutter has the same attributes.  It's really well designed ergonomically, esthetically and functionally.  The axle is permanently riveted (no bolt and nut to eventually go loose or rust after machine washing) with what appears to be a single-piece axle/rivet, surrounded on either side with what appears to be neoprene washers.  The wheel is riveted precisely enough that there is no slop whatsoever, yet the wheel rotates perfectly during use with no discernable friction.  The oval handle, covered with the typical soft grip we see nowadays on contemporary tools, gives a great amount of control through grip friction and torque.  The fit and finish of this tool is beautiful, with no discernable manufacturing flaws.  In use, it cuts like gangbusters -  one quick slice through and you're done.  No need to back-and-forth to get the job done (and I bake thick-style pizza's).  This thing is really heavy and substantial in the hand.  Much, *much* better than anything I've used before.    Obviously designed by someone who knows what they're doing.  The price ($15 when I bought it) was ridiculously low, considering the workmanship and quality.  I'd recommend this pizza cutter to anyone serious about their pizza.  Thank you, Mario Batali (one of my favorite Food Network chefs)
Sofa Throw. This is a nice cover, but it doesn't cover my sofa completely...my sofa has large back pillow/cushions and side pillows.  I ended up buying another one to use both together and it works better...still...at the price...it can't be beat
kitchenaide pro line ice cream maker. i like its fast making and its fun to have soft ice cream made at hom
Easiest opener ever. The Pop N Cork pushes out the cork with a little wiggle.  I was a little reluctant to use it at first - intimidated by pushing the hypodermic-like needle into the cork, but I now use it regularly.  It makes such a happy sound when the cork pops out.It is certainly more expensive than mechanical openers and it does need replacement cartridges but it's "wow" value is high and the dang thing just flat out works.Keep it FAR from children.
Impressed. I just screwed this onto my parent's tap and did a blind taste test, it does improve the taste of the water and is a heck of a lot easier than having to pour water into a filter every day! I'm going to go buy one myself--am a bit fearful that the water in my city will fill the thing up with calcium after a day or two but we'll see, will re-post here if I have any problems.I'm not sure what 'red stuff' the person below is talking about but she seems to be on a mission; posting it on every brita filter product. If it were me, I would have it identified by a lab before blaming my health problems on it. As it says in the fine print at amazon, if you believe the product you are reviewing is unsafe you can report it to the consumer products safety commission
2nd Humidifier. This is the second humidifier I've owned. The first was a warm air one that died after three years of use due to scale build-up. The Vornado humidifier is infinitely better and I suspect it will last far longer than three years.I don't have the problems with scale build-up that I experienced with the warm air humidifier. The bottle for the water is well designed, even when filled with water it sits comfortably in the hand as you carry it back to the machine. I've filled the water bottle in my bathtub and in my kitchen sink and the water runs smoothly into the open spout. You only need to sit the water bottle on the edge of the humdifier and tilt it upward - it easily slips into its space.The thing does make about five loud knocking noises when the water in the humidifier is low that's much louder than my old machine. As someone else mentioned, the sound is startling when you're awake and if you're in twilight sleep, it will wake you up (or more concisely, it's woken me up on those occasions). That's my only complaint about the product.For those having trouble with filter life, I would suggest soaking the filter for about an hour in a mixture of water and white vinegar. The outside quarter of my filter became hard after a month of nightly use and soaking it in water/vinegar renewed the filter. I've already bought a box of filters for the humdifier just in case, but I'm hoping I can survive on one filter per season. I've had no problems with the filter smelling.All in all, this was a great buy
Best Mug Ever!. This is the only mug I have found that holds a Venti Ice Tea drink at Starbucks! Great for Iced drinks.  I recieve compliments all the time.  I am sick of smaller mugs that are empty in 10 Minures.  I miss the natural terracotta colored one that I have.  I hope they bring that back as an option.  It looks nicer - otherwise no complaints!Not all mugs are for insulating beverages, although this one does fine
Greatest convenience there is. Litter locker system takes the mess out of maintaining the cats' litter box. Having used it, I can't do without it
Top Quality and Low Price. This piece fits right in with the rest of my All Clad cookware in looks and quality.  Note that All Clad stock pots are lesser quality than the rest of their line.The photo makes it look like the stockpot is a grey color, like All Clad LTD, but the photo is misleading: it actually looks like any other shiny silver stainless steel pot.I couldn't be happier with this pot and the price is a bargain.  If you are looking for a stock pot, this is the one
Ove Glove is great. Just like on TV, you can grab the hottest pan, potatoes off the grill, even stick your hands in the flame. But if the glove gets wet you no longer have that protection and get burned. I couldn't get along without them. Buy two, you need one on each hand
This Stuff Works!. After about age 5, my dog was getting a little stiff and limping when she'd get up. Even though she's a house dog, I found out that they need extra nutrients too. After some research we found Glucosamine Plus, all it took was a little over a week and now she's back to her old self. She's 7 1/2 now, and still runs like a greyhound. Every evening she gets her "vitamins". It's a cheap price to pay to help a family member
Light  yet quite warm. Just got this for Christmas - good deal for 10 bucks! This is a light throw - but provides an ample amount of warmth. The length and width is perfect for everyone and the outside fabric is very soft. In our house, it's always the first throw taken when watching tv. The only problem we found is that the pets won't leave your lap when using it
Lots of power. I am an avid cook and adore my KitchenAid stand mixer and thought I'd never need a hand mixer again.  Not so,  I find myself pulling this little baby out often.  It's got the guts to whip cookie dough to a froth.Light enough to avoid fatigue but not flimsy feeling and small enough to store in a drawer.  Cleanup is quick and easy, no center stem poles to scrape.The power can be overwhelming even on low.  If you need to "stir" do it by hand because this just doesn't seem to have a delicate cycle.Beaters are definately designated and should be noted, because it will seem like they are in right and one will drop out which, if you were to turn it on would probably hurt(listen for the distintive click).  The beaters are long (a plus imho)but must use deep bowls or splatter guards to contain batter.If you want a strong, simple, great price hand mixer go for it.
My Pod. The My Pod and its filters work great in my Senseo. Now i don't have to buy the expensive pods all the time. The only problem is i have to shut it off manually as it won't sense it is full and shut itself off.
Mundial Solid Wood knife storage tray. All in all - this is a wonderful product which keeps the knifes nicely separated with handles at the ready and fits in a drawer.  I don't like anything unnecessary on my countertops or blocks which collect dust...so again - perfect.  The wood is smooth and nicely finished...all around great product.
Large Fiesta Salt & Pepper. Exactly what I wanted.  Item as pictured and arrived in a timely manner
Great Product. My girlfriend loves this stuff. Cooking became much easier. We've had this set for about a year now, so far no problems what so ever
handle while you are awake!. The glass beaker does its job well, and stands up to the dishwasher great. What it doesn't tolerate is any kind of accidental "crash" by knocking it against a sink or faucet. Before you can blink an eye, it's broken. Anytime it is in your hands, BE CAREFUL!
The best - and long lasting toy. My sister has had one of these for her cats for, oh, beyond 5 years now. It's true that the cats like to climb and play on higher things, but will play on this, too. GREAT for a cattery with kittens - they LOVE these toys - easy to learn initial climbing lessons, scratching post, and play time. Can't believe the price! This is a steal
Makes Great Coffee!. Yes, this little unit is noisy and you have to know how to carefully dump the ground coffee into your brewing system (top does open).  The stuff smells heavenly, sets the mood for morning coffee.  I will sacrifice some noise for great coffee.
Great machine. I bought this for my wife who drinks about six cups every morning (finally got her to switch to mostly decaf).  I first bought a less expensive (still @$400) machine which was not automated.  Took it back when I realized that it was probably share space on the counter with our current coffee maker as using it involved additional tasks and with three kids we already have enough tasks.The Jura-Capresso works great - easy to use, easy to clean (really only the steam wand and that is simple to clean as the espresso or coffee fills the cup) and no extra work.  It tells you when to empty the grounds (about every 10 cups), and fill the water and beans.  It rinses the nozzle automatically when it shuts down (two hour auto shut down) and tells you to rinse it (by pushing a button) when you power it up.  I cannot think of an easier way to have coffee, espresso, cappuccino or cafe au lait anytime  we feel like it.  I especially like the fact that we are not tied into using a company's pods (paying a premium and wasting a lot of paper) and can load any bean we desire or use the bypass to use ground coffee.Two wishes - a larger water tank (or ability to hook up to water supply) and allowing the angle of the steam wand to move higher as it can be a pain to put the wand into larger mugs.  But those are just wishes - not gripes.Two months and no problems - just got the steamer container that came free but haven't tried it yet.A great buy!!!
Blended by the light. This powerful and sylish blender replaced an old 12 speed Oster which had me grumbling with every use.  Two of the primary selection factors were the fact it was NOT an Oster and the wide-based glass pitcher.I've used this blnder to date to whirr together protein breakfast smoothies, make soup, and mix seasoning rub.  It worked well, evenly distributing the contents quickly, and pureeing squash soup to silky smoothness.  I like the pulse feature on this model, and feel two speeds is all I need.  I have not used this blender to chop ice, and I use fresh or partially thawed fruit for my smoothies, so I cannot speak to that feature.I especially like the glass pitcher, which is wider near the blades, easing cleaning.  This also seems to help distribute protein powder better than the old Oster, although that is sort of like saying a gasoline lawn mower is more effective than pruning shears to mow the lawn.The plastic cover seems less wimpy than the Oster, and has yet to warp out of shape in the dishwasher.  I also find the pitcher is MUCH easier to take apart and reassemble for cleaning.  I like the pitcher's stability, and it is attractive enough to serve from.  It is heavy, but that is the trade-off with glass.  So far, I am very happy and only wish I had not waited so long
Great Comfort! Love the Price!!. I was looking at buying a new mattress because of springs, dips and uneven spots...but immediate new found comfort!  I let it set out to fluff up for a couple of days first though.  The corner elastic fits great and the mattress stays put.  It did get a dip on one side of the bed after a while and I turned the pad from top to bottom and it's great again.  Great price...great deal, free shipping and so quick to arrive!  Only wish they had more
works great. I bought this in June 2006. It works really well. It is well made and very simple to use. I really like that the edge of the top is not sharp. It is small. It works on any size can. I wouldn't want to use an electric can opener again.The only downside is that if you need to use the can lid to squeeze-out the liquid from something, you can't, since the lid is cut from the side of the can instead of the inside (so if you want to squeeze the liquid from tuna fish, then you might have to use another method or use the "normal" style of can opener).I would purchase this item again. However, I don't plan on buying another one, because it's so well made.
Classy, sturdy, perfect for intended use. As a previous reviewer has noted, these shot glasses will handily fulfill the purpose for which they were designed: measuring shots of alcohol. I purchased them to use with my espresso machine. Several espresso supply companies produce shot glasses with 1/4 oz. increments (and larger capacities), but they are too tall to fit under the portofilter of my La Spaziale S1. These stylish, heavy shot glasses are shorter than the type with the cut-glass base and were thus perfect for my use, in addition to looking very chic with my Italian machine.
Excellent buy!. I bought this mostly for the smallest mortar, to grind up the dog's pills. Works better than an electric grinder, and it's faster. Excellent value
For those that like their bathrooms dry and clean. This soap dish is beautiful, practical and sturdy. Best of all, it will retain all water and liquid soap leftovers in its tray, leaving your bathroom clean and dry.Recommended.
Bought for motorhome. This machine works great for us.  We bought it for the motorhome because it's easy to use, and gives lots of options for drinks.  Latte's in the morning, coffee and bailey's in the evening, and tea in the afternoon.I would give a 5, but I don't like the length at times for it to warm up, and I don't like that to use a taller mug, like a travel mug, you have to cleanup the water in the bottom.Daw
Great Scale. Great for keeping weight of food easily.  I especially enjoy that you can zero the scale as you place your portions of each food on the plate.  Easy to use
As close to foolproof as you can get!. I've had one of these for five years.  I've neglected to change water for way too long occasionally, had the power flicker/go out several dozen times, cleaned off the algae from the walls frequently, and had both cats and toddlers try to do their worst.  No breaks, leaks, scratches, malfunctions, or any other problems. Not to mention that it was a breeze to set up!  I used to have the old-style undergravel filter & bubbler - I'm never going back.   Note: Marineland sells hood & filter sets for standard aquariums as well, if you don't like the idea of acrylic or have an old tank sitting around
Absolutely the Best!!. This is my third Calphalon purchase, and is a fantastic value for its low price. I've steamed seafood, braised pot roast, and simmered chicken soup in it. Undoubtedley the most versatile cookware item I've ever owned. It is sturdy, easy to clean, and the bottom disk holds and distributes the heat well.
Extremely Pleased. This was a gift to my wife for Valentine's Day.  A good friend of hers had one and after she tried it, that's all she wrote! We have been extremely pleased with this unit and would recommend it to anyone considering purchasing one.
Windowbox-Gardenia. Sent to my daughter in CA for her birthday. She loves the gardenia. The service was excellent. Thanks to Frances, Emily and My-An
Great fun!. I bought this a few weeks ago for my daughter's birthday party--the kids had a blast dipping strawberries, graham crackers and marshmallows into the chocolate.  I think the Mommies enjoyed it even more!  It was super simple to use--I even used Cadbury's milk bars from the dollar store.  It did everything it was supposed to, and then everything came apart and went into the dishwasher for cleanup.  I was pleasantly surprised, the kids were between 3-6, I thought there'd be a huge mess, but there wasn't! Can't wait to try it at other parties
Hot cakes, a heart shaped waffle. We like the new iron very much.  We are not fond of Belgian waffles and that kind of iron seems to dominate the market.  This is a small, well made little machine and its controls give you just what you want after a couple of trial runs
Great Machine. I purchased this machine about 5 months ago and love it.  It does whatever I put before it with no issues.  I have made lined velvet drapes as well as silk ones that were lined and interlined.  It never skips a beat.  The machine is heavy unlike many of the new ones
Great for our Bed & Breakfast Guests. We purchased the Ceral Dispenser especially for our guests to serve themselves one of two types of ceral we offer in the mornings.It is a nice design and seems to work very well. The seal seems good enough to insure freshness
Use distilled water in espresso maker. Actually, I don't own this particular machine, but am considering purchasing it. I have two Krups machines - a combination machine, the Cafe Duomo, and an old venerable Espresso Mini that's used mostly for travel and for when we need more espresso capacity for when we have guests over. I have no complaints with either machine, and in fact would consider myself well-chuffed with both machines. I've been using distilled water to make espresso for about 20 years, and as a result, have never had to de-scale. Additionally, regarding cleaning the steam nozzle - it's best to clean it immediately after frothing - that way, the milk is still soft and easy to remove with a wet cloth. If you allow the milk to dry or to otherwise build up on the steam nozzle & tube after multiple uses, said buildup will harden and become a much more difficult proposition to remove. Regarding that "Perfect Froth Attachment" - well, my first Krups Espresso Mini, vintage early 80's, was before the PFA was introduced, so I "grew up" steaming & frothing milk sans PFA. On subsequent Krups machines that came with the PFA, I opted to remove same, as I could see what a cleaning and sanitary issue it would become. Hope this info helps
Excellent!. Both my fiance and I are very pleased with this warming mattress pad.  The dual settings work perfectly, and the variety of heating intensities are excellent.  There is also extra emphasis on the feet -- a brilliant idea.  Well worth the cost, in my opinion
Very good, for a blade grinder. This is probably one of the best blade grinders out there.  The top locks nicely and serves well as a measuring cup, eliminating the scoop step.  It has three coarseness settings that seem to work well enough to differentiate, along with cup amounts.  The amount lever is a little hard to tell what cup amount its on, however.  Anyways, bottom line:  it grinds great with little mess.
Partners against slime...... I love these towels with Microban. My husband and I bought a set. We were especially curious about the statement that Microban fights against mildew, etc. And, now that we live in humid Houston, TX, we didn't want to have to wash our towels every other day. But, these are great! This Microban stuff works just as its claim. Now we just wish all of the other colors were available. We could only buy the crystal. Highly Recommend these towels!!
Great filter!. Great filter.  Amazon just needs to stop increasing the price (a filter should not cost as much as the main unit itself)
light and easy. I use the paring (non-serrated) for EVERYTHING.  I arrange flowers and this makes cleaner cuts than shears.  It is so light and sharp.  I also use it daily to cut fruits and veggies and sometimes even small pieces of meat when my other knives are dirty.  I own about 5 of these and I'm never disappointed.  They are not fancy looking or carry a super brand name like Wustoff, but they are good little knives.
Butter comes in different sizes!. I bought the fiestaware cobalt butter dish while living in Arizona.  The butter sold there is packaged in shorter, wider, and higher sized sticks.  So, it didn't fit into the butter dish unless I trimmed it!!  Couldn't figure it out, why would they make a butter dish that a stick of butter won't fit into??!!  So....have just moved to the Houston area, and guess what, the butter here is sized just right for the dish.  Maybe they need to make two different sizes for west and east coast butter??  Crazy!  Nice butter dish, though
Aller Ease Cotton Pillow Cover.... These pillow cover were everything I hoped.  As I am somewhat givento excess, I do use TWO per pillow.  They launder well, and keepsoil and dust off of the pillows.  They are nicely constructed anddo not require ironing.  Almost perfect, I would say
Exactly what I wanted. I use this press for heat transfers and embellishments such as rhinstones and studs (iron on).  It is the best sewing related purchase I've made in months.  Easy to set up, use and store.  I'm glad I bought the 200 instead of the 100 for the flexibility of steam if I need it.  I'm sure I'll be thinking of more uses as time goes on--burn out or customized imprinted velvet maybe?
Obnoxious customer service.  Utter disappointment. Love the pillow so much when my husband bought it for me, so I decided to get a new one for my husband as a birthday present to replace the one he had for 3 years. I placed my order on November 13 and the delivery estimate date was 21 Nov - 5 Dec.  I was disappointed when it finally arrived on 15 Dec - a week after my husband's birthday.  I left a review about the late delivery (sometime on 8 Dec) but seller requested that I took it down saying their business relies on customers'reviews and that they'd give me some kind of compensation.  As a goodwill gesture, I deleted my comments and gave it a couple of days more.  After 4 days and still no pillow, i emailed customer service again asking what's going on.  To my surprise, their reply to me was so OBNOXIOUS.  This is what they wrote:HERE IS ALL THE SHIPPING INFORMATION, YOU CAN TRY THE USPS SEE IF THEY HAVE ANSWERSWhy in capital letters???!!!??? I think seller's customer service rep needs more training on professionalism and mannerism. They blamed postal service to APO address for the delay.  For your information, I never had any problems or late deliveries ever.  And the first time I ordered your pillow, that too came later than estimated
Excellent frency fry cutter. This french fry cutter does an excellent job, quick and easy slicing, with good leverage.  Easy clean-up too, toss it in the dishwasher
Suggestions about the Garlic Twist. I've owned the Garlic Twist for years, so I've figured out how to get the best use out of it. I peel the garlic clove(s) using a chef's knife (as described below), then cut each clove into half. That makes it much easier to get the twist going. It is very difficult to get it started with large garlic cloves, but works well if you cut them in half. It's still better and faster than mincing them. My other pice of advice: Don't wash it in the dishwasher! I got lazy and washed mine on the top shelf of my dishwasher and the plastic cracked, allowing water in. I'm ordering another one (after three years of use) because of this. I'll be hand-washing from now on!
Awesome salad spinner. I love this salad spinner. It works easily for two people, spins great, and best of all, it keeps salad incredibly fresh for many days. I highly recommend it
VIttles Vault. Great Product- Does just what is advertised and looks good in the pantry.  This keeps the dog food fresh for weeks also - I'm going to order another one just for pet snacks
Not quite what I hoped for but satisfactory and sturdy. The "leather" is not real but synthetic and the "brass" rivets are plastic like and attached to each other and a little cheap looking.  But for the price the product is solid wood and sturdy.  If you had a mind to you could easily refinish the seat if you wanted.  It would still be a good deal.  The diamater is shallow and may not be comfortable for larger people.  But as for me the stool takes up less space and is very comfy for the kids.  All in all I like this product for the price
Great Set. I purchased these elsewhere for a lot more money.  They work great.  They are more lightweight than I would have anticipated, but don't let that fool you
Good quality product. These hangers are good quality and reasonably priced. These are designed to hold thin strapped dress items which is a needed feature for girl's clothing.
Black & Decker Scrubber Review. The Black & Decker S600 Cordless Powered Scrubber worked great on my bathtub with much less effort then normal scrubbing.  It performed well and was just what I was looking for
Exceptional sheet cake pan with lifetime guarantee. After nearly 25 years of cake decorating, I finally found great baking pans worth the money. Wiltons old Performance bakeware line was just ok BUT Wilton's Decorator Preferred bakewear far exceeds every other pan I have ever owned. The perfectly straight sides, square corners and nice edges for grip are great but these Extra-thick aluminum pans distributes heat more efficiently than any others bake pans on the market, with the added bonus of a Lifetime Warranty...who could ask for more. This sheet cake size is the most requested for the cakes I decorate, they clean up great (I always grease & flour my pans) and the weight is just right
Easy to install. It was easy to install this cartridge for the water filter on the line that goes to the ice maker in the refrigerator. The hardest part was getting behind the refrigerator to shut the water supply off. After that, you just twist gently and pull the old cartridge out and then align and push the new cartridge in and twist. It came with instructions which explain the process well
Thank Goodness for replacement pots (carafe). We were glad to get our Krups back up and running, as this pots drips less when pouring into the cups.  We all have a tendency to pour our coffee too quickly into the cups and this creates more dripping on the counter.People need to be sure the check the bottom of their coffee maker for the correct product identification number, as Krups makes different styles of pots (Carafe).  This one comes with all the parts; lid, handle and ring, but we had salvaged it from the breakage incase it did not.Fine service from Amazon/Ace Hardware, well packaged, and came earlier than expected.Remember to pour slower and less spills.
A haiku review (Waring PBB25 Professional Bar Blender, Black and Stainless Steel). Pulverizes ice,but loud as a lawnmower--Waring's best by far
Very Good-But nothing new in design or concept. My grandparents, the good swedish coffee drinkers they were taught me to make coffee in this way when I was 7 yrs old(the 50's)-but the "old" pots were made of metal back then. I believe this design/method dates back to the late 1800's. I have looked for this type of coffee maker almost all my adult life and now finally some one has breathed life into an old design. Makes very good coffee. My other choice of excellent coffee brewing is using a Chemex. I think the Chemex does a slightly better job due to being able to control the water temp along with their filters. But this  still makes an excellent brew-for those who care greatly about coffee
Good bang for buck. REMINDER: Sharpening steels are of extremely fine grit - use to KEEP the blades sharp... the finishing touch, if you will. To repair a blade with significant damage, you'll need to get a sharpening stone.All in all, this sharpening steel is as advertised: the Henckels name, solid construction, nice grip.The sharpening steel will probably last longer than I will
Move this one up on your priority list. I put off puchasing this knife for a long time, I knew I wanted it and it would make sandwich cutting a bit easier and I wouldnt bang my knuckles on the board anymore, but I procrastinated and put it off.Now that I have this knife, I am disapointed I allowed myself to wait this long.  This knife is amazing.  It is not just a fancier version of the bread knife.  This thing is in a whole different class when it comes to cutting breads.  My old bread knife (also a Wushtof) is like trying to use a butter knife when compared to using this one.  Add to that the benefit of it being more comfortable and the offset making it easier to use, and you have a real winner in this knife.This knife puts a regular bread knife to shame and, unlike your bread knife, can be used for more than just cutting bread.  The name Deli Knife is perfect for this knife.  It cuts cheeses and hard deli meats effortlessly.  It will blaze through a tall deli sandwich effortlessly without crushing it.  Cuts soft and crusty breads with ease.The only drawback I found with this knife is that it wont fit in the slot in my knife block that has now been vacated by my bread knife.Unbelievably, this knife is now one of my favorites
So many uses!!. This heart ramekin is precious and serves it's purpose quite nicely!! Cooks a single serving of dinner or dessert and can also hold countless items in the kitchen or bathroom... toothpicks, cotton swabs, cotton balls, etc.  My only gripe is that I should've bought 3 more to go along with this one!! :) Le Creuset rocks!
World's most comfortable handle. I just love my analon titanium. Cooks evenly, goes in the oven, excellent nonstick, and has the world's most comfortable handles. If you're like me, all-clad handles dig into your hands painfully. These handles nestle stably in your palms
High Quality. This sheet set is one of the best,the bottom sheet has elastic all the way around for a great fit plus they are soft. Wash without fading. Great produc
Just what I expected/hoped for. This whisk is very nice, and feels very comfortable and sturdy in hand. One thing I hadn't foreseen, however, is actually pretty obvious. The silicone doesn't slide very well along most surfaces, so trying to whisk along the bottom of a bowl or pan is a little difficult due to the friction. It is exactly as advertised, though, and I am very happy to have it
LOVE IT!. I love this item. After getting 2 more cats, adding to my one, I found that cleaning the litter box became a horrible chore! I had to clean it 2, sometimes 3 times a day to keep it clean and smelling good, and it was hectic to keep getting a plastic sack to put the cat feces in. The litter mate is awesome!! I have had it for about 3 weeks now, and emptied the bags once. im sure the one refill of bags will last me until the end of the month. not a bad investment of about 7 bucks a month for the refills!! Its worth every penny!
Best Value from this site. I found the six piece set to be the best value. The only other retailer to match this price was cooking.com. I went with Amazon over the local cooking store and department store because of the free gift offer. I also knew about an additional free product offer from the manufacturer, submitted my request and got an additional item by making this purchase.  So along with this set, I got a free All Clad mixing bowl and free utensil set. It goes without saying that this product is a wonderful addition to your kitchen
Elegant Flatware. These days most people choose an elegant open-stock stainless steel flatware pattern for both their formal and casual placesettings. This Mikasa Italian Countryside pattern is an enduring classic that matches the Mikasa white stoneware line with the same name, but it also goes well with BIA white porcelain placesettings. This five-piece placesetting includes salad fork, dinner fork, place knife, teaspoon, and soup spoon. The salad fork and teaspoon can do double duty as dessert fork and dessert spoon. This flatware has a nice feel, good balance, lovely design, and is made of heavy-duty 18/10 gauge stainless steel. It's dishwasher-safe, and it keeps its gleaming finish for a long time. A matching hostess set is available, as well as other open-stock pieces. Many people like to keep their sets of 'good' stainless flatware in wooden chests. I've been using Mikasa flatware for more than ten years, and I think it is comparable in every way to Oneida
Solid and dependable... I've owned this for about a year after having literally tossed out the Black & Decker Gizmo Grater I had purchased and owned for barely 2 weeks. It's a simple "microplane" style grater, pretty much, which shreds cheese more than it grates (Not too fine) quickly and easily. The grip is perfect for no slip grating. It works well on hard cheese, carrots, and plenty of other things. I've even used it to grate cheddar (refrigerate it first!) and it worked great. To clean it, I just knock it one time against the sink to get the excess out (It never sticks) and put it in the dishwasher. The knocking hasn't hurt it a bit. Unlike the Gizmo, this does exactly what it's supposed to! Epecially at the new Clearance price of less than $9, I certainly recommend it
A Great Mixer!. I really wish people would read the instruction manual before complaining about things.Yes, the mixer starts off slowly. This is called the soft start feature. it is intentional. The idea is the mixer starts slowly and ramps up to full speed. This keeps the ingredients from spraying all over the place.Yes this mixer is louder than older KA mixers. It has an all metal gear set and they are louder than the older mixers that have a nylon gear.I make on average about 6 loaves of bread each weekend, stiff French and Italian style dough. This mixer has never bogged down, quit or failed in any way in my use for nearly one year.You will love the spiral dough hook and the wider bowl.I own quite a few mixers, 38 to be precises(OK, I am a little nuts) and the 4 I uses regularly the Pro 5+ is the one I use most. You will be pleased. But please, read the instruction Manual.
Absolutely worth buying!. I have been drinking my Cuban coffee since I was four years old; so I have some experience with espresso and the usual Moka pot.  The Brikka absolutely makes a fantastic espresso, even with a standard, store-bought brand like Bustelo or Paloma.  The crema is delicious - I had no problem getting it, even in the beginning with the first few "sacrificial" pots.  The coffee is so smooth.  I've also brewed side by side with my other pots and there is a difference; it just taste yummy (that's the right word here).  Don't worry that you can't get the 2 cup in the US - The 4 cup will do you fine; really, it's not that big a deal.  The 4 cup looks larger than you'd expect - but I think that's just because it needs extra room to make the steam.  4 "cups" of espresso is not even one full cup of American coffee.There's no need to hesitate . . .buy it and enjoy
Item is bigger than advertised. Item is great but is 1 1/2 quarts istead of one quart. Wouldn't be a big deal but I also bought the seven piece set so now I have 2 1 1/2 quarts. Item cooks well and is easy to clean up. Would buy again
Beautiful drapes. Very nice, bright curtain that matches all of the Thomas things out there
Very pleased with the quality. I bought these since I'm past due needing new towels. I wasn't expecting them to be as soft as they are. Plus when I purchased them they were a steal, so I'm pretty happy.
Dreaming of Trains. This is a nice pillow case.  Nice and big so that it covers a standard sized pillow with Percy on one side and Thomas on the other my son goes to bed dreaming of riding on trains.E. Farme
good overall. lightweight, easy to useonly critisim is that the filter is hard to get all the dust out o
Size matters. I sought out and purchased this large quantity box of these filters because I got sick of getting overcharged for the little 4-pack, that is, when our local Petco even had the dang things in stock, which I found was not too often.If you use the Tetra Whisper filter, you need to change the filter pretty frequently, so get as large a quantity of filters at one time as you can find.  You WILL use them all, and you'll save about 35% on your cost-per-filter
Great Soft Sheet Set!!!. The sheets are very soft and nice fabric!! Great price!! I like the color alot
Delicious, Easy Cappuccino!. I did quite a bit of research before buying this machine.  The Aroma delivers in the areas that were of most importance to me.  It is easy to use, easy to clean and makes a wonderful cappuccino.  There's very little warm-up time; it's ready in only a minute or two to begin making espresso with beautiful crema.  The steam tube is easy to use and heats the milk while creating a nice thick froth.  You can make one or many easily.I believe the instructions could be a little more comprehensive.  I left a message at Saeco for some clarification on the initial priming that needs to be done before using the machine for the first time or if the machine hasn't been used for a long period (priming is only necessary at these times).  My call was returned within one day (although I had already worked through the priming; the VERY first cup of espresso took a very long time for the water to begin to drip and flow).  The machine did NOT come with the ESE pod adaptor and special filter as stated in the description.   Dealt with that on the return call and Saeco is sending the adaptor, so I've only had experience using this machine with ground coffee.Overall, I'm enjoying the ease of the machine and the delicious cappuccino that tastes better than what I can buy at the coffee house.  I spent a little more than what I originally planned but this machine has the features I wanted (powerful pump, water tank that is easy to fill at the counter or sink, pod adaptable, not sensitive to how your ground coffee is prepared (very forgiving), cup warming surface, works well when it's just me or a houseful of guests) and is proving to be well worth the price.Enjoy
GREAT COLOR. This food coloring was the best I have ever used.  It is very concentrated. I obtained several different shades of purple by adding just a tiny bit each time.  I did not notice a flavor at all so I look forward to trying the black.  The bottle sizes are very similar to a bottle of finger nail polish
Extremely pleased with the fiestaware black lunch plate. Great item.  Rec'd it in wonderful shape.  Packaged well to withstand droppage and anything else that might have happened to it.
Good Value, If you don't soak them in water. I have had these for over 6 months and are very satisfied.  The seal is made of tough plastic and is loose on two of the canisters and too tight on the others.  But it works ok.  I splattered grease on one of the lids and immersed it with the dishes in hot soapy water.  It soaked about ten minutes and the laquer finish turned white.  It didn't clear when dry so I had to scrub it off.  The canister still looks good but now it will tarnish.  I rate 4 stars for price and beauty
Didn't stop marking. My Tomcat marks his litter box 1 or 2 times every day and he does not cover the marking( Thank God that is the only thing he marks) he started doing it after he got declawed 3 months ago, I was hopping this product would help..... It didn't! he still bombs the poor litter box every day. But in the other hand he seems to be friendlier, calmed and less stressed compared to a week ago. I bought two and I still have some hopes, maybe he'll stop his smelly habit soon.
This is a great product!. This product is great. I have tried several of these air or jar pot water heaters and all of them have been very convenient. I particularly like the capacity and design of this model. The quality is also very high. The multiple temperature settings are a new feature to me and one that I appreciate having. I would recommend this Panasonic model highly to anyone for home or office
I love this pan!. For $7.99 this is such a great pan! It came well seasoned and was ready to use. To my surprise it did NOT stick! I used to use stainless steel pans which stick like crazy. This pan performs as good as those teflon pans, but without the worry about harmful substances. The handle is also long enough so my hand would not be burned
Excellent!. This pillow is fantastic. My neck is supported properly and I can sleep all night long. It works great for sleeping on my side, as well as sleeping on my back
Order 1 Size Up. Looks great on the bed but as other reviewers indicated, it could be a tad bigger.  Quality is better than average and the pattern is beautiful.  One complaint-the bedskirt is not as decorative as indicated in the picture.  It is a simple satin burgandy that matches the color of the comforter.  Nice looking but not the decor one in the picture.  Overall great buy for $42 bucks
Wow...What a knife. Wow...What a knife.  This is as fine a feeling knife as I've ever held.  The edge is awesome.  The balance is perfect and it cuts great.  Quality.  What more can you say
Web Solicitors. Just to let you guys know, Cutco hires what they call &quot;web solicitors&quot; to hype up their products on sites like this. Also, Cutco is sold through demonstrations by Cutco salespeople only and these salespeople have an interest in bashing other knives on the net. Master Chef Wylie Dufresne told GQ magazine &quot;I have plenty of friends whose parents have Cutco in a knife block. You pull them out and they're all as dull as can be.&quot; Norman Weinstein, a nationally recognized kitchen knife skills instructor was quoted by the Baltimore Sun newspaper as saying this about Cutco: &quot;Why, why, would you buy such a knife?&quot
Fantastic product, I too had problems with sticking. I loved this item until it became fused to the base.  I called CS and they sent me a prepaid UPS label to ship it back and issued a full refund and send me a letter with a $50 off coupon to keep using Kitchenaid.  Very impressive
Great vacuum!. We bought this vacuum to replace an old bag version of the Hoover Windtunnel.  The Hoover attachments hadn't had any suction for quite a while and after an afternoon of cleaning pet (and people) hair from the couch with those tape lint-rollers I'd had about enough.After reading a lot of reviews here and elsewhere, I decided on this model.  So far I'm very impressed.I had just vacuumed with the old Hoover yesterday, so theoretically the floor should have been fairly clean.  I'll echo what others have said here- I was both amazed and thoroughly disgusted at how much dirt and hair came up.  I had to empty the canister twice just in my great room.On to the attachments- the real reason I decided on this vac.  The power brush is great.  We have two dogs right now- but have had as many as three and a cat.  The couch never got clean with our old vacuum- all efforts were futile.  It got cleaner with the lint rollers, but still many visible hairs.  With the power brush- I finally have a clean couch!  The telescoping wand is a nice feature.  I can almost reach the top of our very high (30 ft) vaulted ceilings.  If I break out the step ladder I should be able to get the cobwebs no problem.  The other attachment is a standard brush/crevice tool.  I haven't had much use for that yet.Is it quiet?  Well, it's a vacuum.  I haven't ever really heard a quiet one.  But it IS more quiet than our old one, or any other vacuum cleaner I've ever heard.Is the vacuum heavy?  Yes, I guess, but to me that seems like an okay thing- it seems built to last, unlike a lot of vacs that are worthless after a year or two.  It doesn't seem too much heavier then the Windtunnel.  Also, the Windtunnel had a problem for a little while where the self-propel switch stopped working.  When that was broken I could barely push it with it's flimsy little plastic wheels.  The Bissell has nice big rubber wheels and moves easily.As far as the on-off and brush switches- I like where they are located- right at the top- like a trigger.  It seems logical, and I don't have problems bumping into them as others have mentioned.  Have the brush control is great- especially since we have a great room that goes from laminate wood to carpet and back.  On the old vac I had to turn it off (it wouldn't switch while on) and bend all the way over to turn the brush off.  The Bissell also does work much better on the wood floor then the Hoover ever did (it actually picks stuff up instead of knocking it around).This is a new product, therefore it hasn't stood the test of time yet, but I don't see any real flaws (unless your 90 years old and live in a four story home, then weight might be an issue), so I'm giving it 5 stars.  I will try to update after a while as to how it's holding up.Oh and also, please, please- don't put ANY vacuum at the top of the stairs and work your way down- at least not until they invent the gravity defying feature.
Great deal, no surpises here!. Unlike the previous reviewer I realize that most stoves are not white.  There are many options these days; ecru, black, grey, stainless steel just to name a few.  The shipping rate is clearly listed so that was not an issue. These are a steal at this price, even with the shipping
Simply Elegant. Part of you wants to say ... Hey what did you bring home from the Chem. Lab; and the rest of you screams ... pure elegance and simplicity.  Delicate and sheer this ain't no Lab Class beaker.
Works perfectly for me. I saw some not-so-great reviews for this product and I thought I would add my two cents.  This little thing works great for me.  It comes with an 8 oz. mug, which is a little small for my liking, but fits my larger standard size mug just fine.  It does what it supposed to do very very well.  It keeps your beverage (in my case, tea) right on the border of hot and too hot.  I guess everyone has a difference tollerance for pain.  I have found this leaves my tea at the perfect temperature.  Like I said, hot but not so hot you'll burn yourself.  Great product.  Hope it lasts a long time
Keeps the shoes off the floor!. I bought 2 of these shoe bags to get all of my shoes up off my closet floor. Most of my shoes fit into the pockets in pairs... a few of them needed separate pockets for each shoe as they were chunkier in style and had bigger soles. I even have a few slots left over for new shoes! Even with 2 of them in my closet, they don't take up too terribly much room. Easy to get shoes in and out of. Makes my closet look so much better. I recommend this product fully
Great quality at a great price!. I am SO glad I bought these! These sheets are nice and soft and thick, hold up well to washings with NO color bleed (I have the pine color), and fit my California King bed well with no shrinkage noted whatsoever. Bargain price without bargain quality. Highly recommend!
Great to use, hard to clean. A sturdier, better designed rack would be hard to find.  It sits comfortably in the roaster, offers large handles for ease in lifting even the heaviest roasts, and is non-stick!  Unfortunately once it's out of its element, it's unwieldy.  Cooking meat spatters, so almost every inch of this rack is covered with grease.  The metal can scratch your sink.  This isn't fun.  My best advice is to find someplace where you can let it soak in hot, soapy water for a few minutes.  Then use a nylon pad, and keep turning the rack to make sure you've got all the surfaces clean.  It's easy to miss something when you're dealing with this sort of design.  Let's face it, at this price, this rack is a bargain any way you look at it.  Just expect to spend a little extra time and effort on the cleaning
Comfortable feather bed. The feather is thick and has a good weight with plenty of feathers and really warm
Exemplary Product. I ordered this with 4-5 other things, and Sharper Image was the first company to get something out to me... so far, I am impressed with their attentiveness.As far as the product goes, I believe that no one should be without one.  Regular soap in a high-traffic bathroom is more than just gross - it's unhygenic and disgusting.  Manual soap dispensers are marginally better, but they are still kind of dirty and you usually have to deal with a mess.  This well-crafted, elegant, and sophisticated item will solve all your problems.  You can manually adjust how much soap is dispensed each time it is used.  You can turn off the chime if you find it annoying (my six year old loves it).  The retaining jar is big and will easily hold large refills.  We actually put concentrated dishwasher soap into it and lowered the amount dispensed to half of what the maximum is... it has proven to be just perfect for us.Also, trust me when I tell you that everyone coming out of your bathroom will be giving you compliments on your new, high-tech soap dispenser
I love my enamel dutch oven. I absolutely love the Lodge Enamel Dutch Oven. It looks beautiful, I leave it out on my counter every day. It cooks everything evenly and cleans so easily. I would recommend this product to anyone that is looking to buy a dutch oven
dog fleece bones pillows - green and burgandy. These pillows are exactly what I wanted.  They are well made and good looking. I could not have done any better for my purchase
Thrilled with purchase!. I bought this for my sister as a Christmas gift. I was so glad I was able to find it, since Fiestaware Black is retired. This item was shipped promptly, packaged very well, and arrived in perfect condition. I am very pleased with this transaction and my sister was thrilled with her gift
The most used of the set. This size is the most frequently used for one shot meals such as fast stews, porridges, oatmeal and noodle soups.
The softest towel. These towels are truly the softest and best feeling towels you'll ever feel after your shower, etc. I go into the bathroom just to feel it hanging on the back of my door. I love them.You just have to try at least one and then you will buy more
Keeps my joe flowin'. Hey, this filter fits my Krups coffee maker and all is well.  Sure beats having to find those paper filters in the morning.  My original filter finally suffered a split at the bottom of the cone; no possibility of repair
Great Quality, Great Price. I was having trouble in finding a twin size duvet cover for my son. Found this on Amazon and I was a bit skeptical because of the price being low, I wasn't sure what the quality would be. I received it and it's great quality, fits his comforter perfectly, and he loves it.
Great Gadget. I've had this filter for about 2 years and has used the heck out of it. I have never had a single problem with it (no leaks, easy to install, indicator light works fine). More importantly - the water tastes great and it's convenient! Highly recommend.
Make your own bread?  You'll love this. Bought an inexpensive bread-maker.  Learned to make inexpensive bread.  Ha.Real reason:  we wanted to avoid high-fructose corn syrup, trans fats and hydrogenated anything.Check your stores' breads.  This gunk is in all of them (except for one or two brands who are jumping ship under pressure from people like us) so we resorted to making our own.  It's fun too.  And the house smells good....But what to do with it?  Bagging is awkward and retains too much moisture (unless you are freezing it for later.)  Cutting even slices is almost impossible, especially as the loaf shrinks.The 'expandable bread box with slicing guide' solves both these problems:    it shrinks to fit as your loaf gets smaller and has air holes to let your loaf breathe, and the self-contained guide holds the bread firmly and has slots to guide your knife.  After slicing off what you want, push the two ends together with your bread on the guide inside and you're done.  Put it on your refrigerator or wherever and go eat your sandwich.  Great!
Great buy!. Boils water faster than the microwave oven. Very handy when you want a quick cup of tea. Great price, too
Great customer service. This mug came with a broken handle (packaging left something to be desired).  They replaced it without hassle and without expecting me to send the broken one back.  The replacement came swiftly.  I appreciate the immediate positive response I had about my problem and I will purchase from this company again!Six Months Later: I've used this one-cup every day and while it does take some time to "brew" that perfect cup, the taste is so well worth it. I had to deliberately slow my life down and plan to make this cup of coffee because it isn't instant. It takes about 3 minutes so stand there and slowly pour your very hot water into the filter and ponder the good things in your life! Great way to start the day
So far, so good!. It's still brand new, so everything's working great.  I really love the color; I bought it to match my yellow standmixer.
Great deal!. I used to buy this product at PetCountry or other pet stores.  I found it at Amazon at a way better price and have been buying it here ever since
Flawless first use. Opened it up and used this for the first time today and I have to say it was a flawless first cup of coffee.  I rated it 4 stars for the following reasons:1.  Haven't used it enough to rate durability2.  Carafe was thin and I worry about breakage3.  Filters need replaced every 2 months - this could be pricey.Anyway, for the $47 I paid for it, it was well worth it
excellent frother. This is a great frother. It works very well. My lattes and cappas have beenperfect every time!
Extraordinary. These sheets are great and I would definitely recommend these to anyone. The bonus pillowcases are an extra plus for those of us who love sleeping with lots of pillows. They are soft to the touch and so far they haven't pilled after washing. Great sheets. They are also a soft blush pink that my husband doesn't mind sleeping on.
Mfr website is cheapest place for additive. Just purchased my Airwasher/ Humidifier and so far am pleased with the ease of maintenance.  I felt compelled to write a review and let other consumers know that the required water treatment additive is available from the manufacturer website with no shipping and handling charges, www.venta-airwasher.co
Works very well- Great sound, and worth the price for uneasy sleepers... Bought this unit for my Dad as a gift, and he loves it.  He used to complain often about having difficulty falling asleep, particularly after awakening in the middle of the night.  He'd always mourn the passing of air-conditioner season, as he loved the white noise in the background, which never failed to lull him to sleep.  This nifty "system" solved the problem entirely.  It puts him to sleep quickly whether it's the first time, or after awakening for whatever reason.  It has a nice range of sounds (12 total), from white noise, to nature, and even some good "spacey" stuff.Initially, I bought him a multi-sound sleep machine from Homedics, which he hated; it had absolutely atrocious sound quality and I returned it right away.  I looked around, this time asking for in-store tests whenever possible, and found other models that were similarly lousy.  I was wary about buying another of any type, but decided to give it another shot after coming across this one.  What sealed the deal was the fact that I could listen to samples of the sounds at the Brookstone website. Even though the sounds no doubt benefitted from the good surround-sound speakers hooked up to the computer, I was pleased with what I heard, and got one for Dad.He was hooked after the first night.  The sound quality is much better than most of the other multi-sound models out there, which is the single most important aspect toward earning this 4 stars. But he (and I) was also pleased with the variety of sounds that this unit offers.  He doesn't place much stock in the "multi brain-wave stimulation" factor, as the description boasts, but he says it does its job nevertheless, and does it well, regardless of whether the sound falls under the 'relax', 'sleep' or 'renew' category- they are all very relaxing, and there's something in there to suit anyone's tastes.It has a shut-off timer; you can choose 30, 60, or 90 minutes, or continuous play. (Side note- Dad uses the 60 minute timer, and he reports he hasn't been awake for shut-off yet!)Other pros include the volume control, headphone jack and dimmer, but unfortunately, you can't cancel the light entirely.  That, and the fact that the sound wasn't quite as good as my speakers made it out to be, is what nipped the last star off the rating, but I expected that.  A strategically placed washcloth or some other such will do the trick nicely for any real light-haters out there.Overall, a great unit.  Good sound quality for its size, well-designed and unobtrusive.  Useful for insomniacs and light sleepers everywhere.  Worth the price.
pretty swell if you're looking for a butter dish!. I think all fiestaware products are keen and my transaction with beanibec was smooth, fast and professional!I'll probably buy more stuff from this seller down the road!
Grilling necessity. My husband loves this brush and baster and will no longer use a regular basting brush when he barbeques.  It makes me laugh though when he says: "Where is that blue what-is-called-again thing that I use to spread the olive oil on the food?"  He can't live without it
Best Pop corn maker on the market. This item was given as a gift to my daughter and her family and they have the highest praise for this appliance..
Good for the price- good time saver. I'm happy to say that this was a great purchase.  I got the re-manufactured Scooba model # 59999.  It did a great job on my hard wood and linoleum floors.The set up was easy and the noise was kinda like a vacuum cleaner although not as loud.The only thing I can say negatively about it is the cleaning of the machine.  It is a little messy to clean it correctly, but if that is a drawback, it is one I'm willing to live with.Also, I have to say that the design is great.  If I ever need to replace parts, they are clearly marked with the Part # right on the machine and they are easily accessible to remove.Highly recommend the product and if you can get a re-manufactured one you'll save yourself a couple a hundred dollars
Top-three at this price point. I just received this yesterday.  The vacuum is great.  It distributes an interesting "new vacuum smell" when you use it, and it makes our carpet stand up and feel fresh to walk on.  I was worried about the couple poor reviews, but I think this is in the top-three vacuums (if not the best) you can buy at this price point.This is one of Bissell's new models along with the more expensive and heavier Healthy Home version.Pros:- Good suction - saw a lot of dustballs, hair, and junk in the bin - only went over places once or twice at good speed- Average loudness- Average handling/size- Feels sturdy, looks spiffy, thoughtful engineering- ~ 19.7 pounds (about mid-range these days)- Seems to filter air well - no sneezing- Easy to empty and bagless- Easy height adjustment- Average easyness to turn off brush roll- Tools secure (make sure to seat the TurboBrush correctly)- Washable pre-engine filter- Really long cord, quick-release posts- Easy to open bottom and unroll extension cord tangled in roller (fortunately it was still working).  Easy to see how to change the belt, too.Cons:- Takes 10 minutes to read instructions and put together- Pulling hose out to fit accessories takes finesse (get in position, twist/pull, try not to break plastic bracket when hose finally comes free)- Average hose length- Post-engine HEPA filter needs periodic replacement- Vacuum WILL suck up an extension cord around the roller- Lots of plastic- No variable power- Not too comfortable cleaning on hardwood floors because wheels are plastic, not enough rubber bumpers- Need a lightweight vac or longer hose if you really want to vacuum the bathroom ...- Really long cord takes 30-60 seconds to wind-up on the short space between the posts- A couple poor reviews
Another great color from Fiesta. Fiesta Ware is fun. I really like getting a new color every year to add to my growing collection. The 4 piece place setting covers all the bases. It's packed well from Amazon and I have yet to have one arrive broken.
this baby is sooo solid. How much can you say about an ice cream scoop right? Well not that much other than to say this thing works GREAT! I mean really really great. It weighs about a ton and it cuts through the most rock solid dairy product like it was made of Kryptonite.  And it cleans up so easy. Just a quick rinse and its back in the draw ready to go. Is it more expensive then a regular scoop?  Maybe. But for my money it pays back in spades every time I use it
I must be doing something wrong. . otherwise it's great!. I like the idea of this bundt pan.  I made 3 batches of chocolate truffles on it. The recipe that comes with the pan is awesome.  HOWEVER, I have yet to figure out how to get the chocolates out easily. The first time, I used a non-stick spray (not vegetable oil).  I thought that might be my problem because the company recommends vegetable oil. On the next two batches, I poured vegetable oil in the little holes and spread it around using a pastry brush. Again, I had to fight to get the chocolates out. I kid you not -- my husband pounded on the pan with a big rubber mallet to get the chocolates to come out!  I must be doing something wrong. I will call customer service tomorrow -- but if there is a trick to this, they should have told you on the instructions on how to make the truffles!  Other than that, the chocolates turned out beautifully and I will use this pan again, even if I have to call my husband to help me out with his rubber mallet
LOVE THAT ROOSTER. I WANTED TO CHECK MY EMAIL BEFORE GOING ON LINE TO ORDER ANOTHER ROOSTER PASTA BOWL SET AND THIS REQUEST FOR A REVIEW WAS IN MY IN-BOX. MY HUSBAND BROKE ONE OF THE BOWLS THIS MORNING AND ASKED ME TO ORDER MORE BECAUSE HE LIKES THEM SO MUCH. I HAVE 2 SETS OF THE DINNERWARE AND A SET OF THE PASTA BOWLS AND WE LOVE THEM!  THEY ARE TRULY BEAUTIFUL
Excellent Belgian waffle maker!. This Belgian waffle maker is just like what the pros use without the expensive price. I was going to buy the KitchenAid Belgian waffle maker but I saved myself over two hundred bucks. I can make a lot of waffles for that price!
really good product. I have the wok for a few months and it works really well. It's very light and non-stick coating is good
WOW!!!. This is great!  Easy set up, dishwasher safe (top shelf only), and super quiet (there is a very faint humm) our cats went right over to check it out.  It is kinda big but I expected that from the picture.  The only problem seems to be that some of the pieces are too big to fit in the top shelf of our ancient dishwasher. 5 stars!!! I'd give it more if I could
dutch oven. This is a great pan , it is non -stick so cleanup is easy. It is also the right size for most cooking and the glass cover provide easy viewing. All in all it is the pan I use the most since I received i
A very useful tool. This is a very useful shot glass as you can see.  Use it for measuring cocktails or for drinking a shot of your favorite liquor.  It is a very sturdy glass.  I highly recommend
Good price for great sheets. These sheets are smooth and comfortable; however, the fabric is thick and substantial, so if you like your sheets cuddly-soft, maybe you won't care for these.  I'm one of those people who can't stand to have wrinkles and folds under my feet, so I've fallen in love with them; the fabric will hold up all week without getting stretched, loose, and tangly.  I do wish they had done an extra row of stitching on the elastic of the fitted sheet, but at this price I suppose you can't have everything--and if it becomes necessary, I do have a needle-----somewhere-----I think.I like the caf color very much--it's a rich gold, deeper and not as yellow as the golds of yesteryear.  The sheets launder well; if you take them out of the dryer promptly and iron just the top hem (Iron an entire sheet? I don't think so.), the whole set looks smooth and inviting.So I'm very pleased.  Now if I could just get my husband to let me tuck in the sheets at the bottom of his side of the bed, life would be good.
Those kids will love it. Kids will just love this.  I have seen kids play with this for hours and hours.  I have a few of these in the closet in case any friends with kids come over.  I pull them out and the kids stay entertained for hours.  I'm suprised there aren't any marketing ties with this yet.  I would imagine they could make a cartoon or movie with this product.
Oxo Utensil Holder. Great item.  We have a kitchen done with modern stainless steel appliances and black granite, and we wanted some accessories to match. This utensil holder fit perfectly.  It is large enough to hold many utensils in three separate compartments.  You can also take the bottom off for cleaning. It was exactly what we were looking for.  I generally find OXO styling to my liking and this was no exception, being both attractive and functional
A better martini shaker. This shaker won Cook's Illustrated test of martini shakers late in 2005, just before the Christmas season. Branded as a Target shaker, it was out of stock before you could click "buy."  I finally figured out it was the Metrokane Bullet and ordered it asap.  It *does* live up to the hype, on one factor alone.  It doesn't drip or spill when pouring.  Yes, it's stainless steel, it's elegant (if not a little too phallic for some,) it's large enough to mix two *good sized* martinis, and...so what?  Each of the other 5 cocktail shakers I've owned had these things going for them (but with more traditional tapered profiles.)  But they all leaked when I removed the top/jigger measure from the body of the shaker.  The Metrokane is one of the few shakers that has the lid fit inside the neck of the main shaker, so that it is easily removed to pour without any liquid loss or mess.  All parts are well made and fit, but are easily detached for cleaning or refilling.So long as the shape doesn't bother you, this is the best martini shaker no doubt.  Cheers
Sakura Stratosphere Dinnerware Set for 8. The dinnerware set arrived quickly and extremely well-packed.  No breakage.It is beautiful and quite different from the usual white-china patternsin that it has a tri-corner shape.  It is light and easy to handle.Many friends have admired it
I am also surprised about the reviews. I agree that this pan would do much better on a gas stove. I wish I had a gas stove. But, I still love this pan. It's big enough to hold a lot of food and the handle IS oven-safe to 375 degrees. I used it in the oven to bake "chicken with 40 cloves of garlic" at 350 degrees for an hour and a half and had no problems whatsoever (and I did NOT cover the handle). It is a tad on the heavy side, but it's still easy to lift with the helper handle (and I have wicked tendonitis in my elbows). I would recommend this pan to anyone and I hope to get the matching pasta pot soon
Great for long or short term use. I bought this item with the intention of upgrading to more sophisticated and sturdy tv stand-entertainment center later on.  But when I put it together in my home and dress it up with all the accessories, it looked like something I could keep around for a while.  It looked mature yet contemporary and it seemed to be sturdy enough to last a good 5 years at least.  If you aren't big on the plastic, glass, gold laminated, chrome into the future look but don't want you granny's furniture either, this is a good buy
Pie Plate. It was a great deal on the net plus free shipping.My daughter loves this "dish" and was so upset when it broke.It was accidently placed on a hot cooktop-burner & it just snapped in half.I found this replacement on-line & had it shipped for free.She uses it for a lot of different recipes. It's perfect for brunch, deep-dish pies or scalloped potatoes.
Best dishes for everyday. Pfaltzgraff has got to be the best everyday dishes that you can buy. They are nice enough for special occasions, they are great quality. I have always had Pfatlzgraff dishes and wouldn't want anything else. They make every sort of extra you could want (and a few that you never would have thought of) and it all matches beautifully. I just can't say enough nice things about them
gourmet cook. This is my  first time to own a Calphalon tri ply copper cookware.  I have collection of All Clad stainles steel and Calphalon tri ply stainless steel.  I decided to try this cookware and after few days of cooking, I was impressed by its durability and evenly heating and there's no hot spots. Cleaning is just as easy.  Make sure get yourself that radiance cleanser to clean the exterior of the pan. This is a fine cookware if you're looking for an average price pan that's also work as a dutch oven
It's not a bread knife. Just to clarify on those who commented that the &quot;bread knife&quot; in the set  is too short.  Technically, it's a serrated utility knife, not a bread knife and is fabulous for cutting tomatoes.  The bread knife is also serrated, but is much larger...I have one myself and it's great for cutting big loaves of bread
love my krups espresso machine. We love our Krups espresso machine and when our original carafe broke, we were so upset! I was thrilled to be able to find a perfect replacement and we actually like it even better than the first one! Thanks, Krups for good product
Everything you've read, it's true. Shun knife's are unbelievably sharp and well made. I started my knife collection with Global, not bad but nothing like Shun. When I was in Sydney, I found a knife ship at the fish market that had a great selection and was introduced to Shun. I've wanted a Santoku and was going to go Global to go with the collection but when I was told about Shun (did some research on the web at my hotel that night), I went back the next day and purchased this knife. It's very, very sharp, keeps an edge much longer than my Global's ever did. If you're looking for the ultimate knife, this is it. Since then, I've picked up a Shun pairing knife which I love as well.
beautiful. I really liked this set. I love the way Corelle is sturdy, thin (stacks beautifully) and has so many patterns to pick from. I picked this one because it was interchangeable with my French Lilac and blue Cristillo. Aso a HUGE benefit is the EXTRA plate you get with this set (you get an extra plate with the Cristillo too). Love it
sharp as a razor's edge. I'm a fan of the Spanish-made Henckel's Int'l Classic lines. I have the bread knife and the utility knife as well. I think the major budget concessions (as these are not the high-end German-made line) comes in the size. Classic blades, though full-tang and thrice-riveted, have less steel than comparable brands. This makes them slender and light in the hand. However, less steel is not lower-quality steel, and these blades are incredibly hard and reliable.This santoku is still large enough to use as a spatula when cutting, delivering onions, mushrooms or other slices or mince to the pan while cooking speedily. It sharpens easily (I use a small stone under running water), and responds well to a steel every few uses. It's the sharpest blade in my collection, easily slicing up my sponges when I clean it. With care, it won't do the same to your skin, mostly because of the sturdiness of construction that breeds confident handling. It won't slide off most vegetables before slicing in, and can even cleave small poultry bones with slow and steady pressure downward (I wouldn't use it to hack as real cleavers do). This is a precision instrument, not a blunt tool
very well made. The bar stools are great and very well made!  Just one caution...you get two with your order.  I accidently ordered 2 and ended up with four stools!
my favorite bowl set. I get a lot of compliments on this cherry salad bowl set. The bowls have an attractive, smooth texture and are the perfect size for not only side salads but cereal, soup, and snacks because they're deep. I always use the serving bowl when I make a family-size batch of french fries, and it also makes a terrific popcorn bowl. I suggest hand-washing because some of the finish peels off if you leave water in the bowls for an extended period of time
FIESTA!. This is a great idea!  Everyone should have AT LEAST ONE of these ~ personally I'd get one for every member of the household.  The well is perfect so theres no slipping or sliding and it can easily be carried without having to worry about it falling off.  We love this.  And this is a great color.  So much prettier than the picture.
Great knife for the job. This knife was part of a gift, and I am pleased to say that it exceeded all expectations. There may be other brands with equal utility, but I have not had the pleasure of using them. I am not shy about blasting Wusthof or Henckels for charging obscene prices when another brand offers the same quality for less, but like several specialty knives in the line, this one is a winner. Put your electric whiz bang in the closet, and amaze your guests with this useful (and large) gem
I Like My Paw Mat. I have had many different paw mats in the past and found this one to work the best.  For one it is not ment for human feet, it and is not ment to feel good either on your feet since it is plastic.  It is there to help REDUCE cat litter from getting all over the floor.  I have also found that if you place the mat about two maybe three inches from the cat box that my cats will use it when they are done and not try to leap over it like some views have mentioned.  It does also help when you are cleaning the cat box to clean out the mat of litter to otherwise it will not work effectively, just a couple shakes in the garbage bag will do the trick. I have had mine now for a couple of years now and it is the only mat that I find that works best for my two cats.
Need more product info. Hi Moderator, I was trying to send email to customer service directly but gave up. Will you please suggest to Amazon to add a "contact customer service" button for each product page so customer can ask product specific question. My question about this product:1. Please check if this product made in Japan or made in China2. If I order today using super saver shipping, is it possible that I may get it in a week? I will have a week long vacation in Dec. I am deciding if I should buy it now or later.Thanks
Great pan!. I have used this pan over and over again, and am glad to say it cooks perfectly every time!  The bread comes out evenly with a great shape!Would love to have had this pan years ago,  it is perfect!  Dishwasher safe too
I gave these as a gift. Before I wrapped them I checked them over. They appear to be well made, though I did expect them to be a heavier fabric.  They are nice and big and my son and daughter in law liked them
Excellent Cookware. I recently purchased the Circulon Elite 12" round griddle.  The retail price is $60.00 and yes, that is a lot of money for a griddle.  If you take the time to search the internet, there are many places that have great sales on Circulon Elite with free shipping.  I'm very impressed with this griddle.  The heat distribution is very even so pancakes are perfect.  I've used it for cooking ham and hash browns too.  I have a complete set of Belgique with many extra pieces.  It's great cookware, but nothing like the Circulon.  The only advantage Belgique has over Circulon is it's dishwasher safe, however, even after seasoning it must be sprayed with a non-stick product before use or it is very hard to clean.  With the Circulon, I just rinse with hot water, wash with dish soap, rinse again with hot water and dry.  It's that easy....  no scrubbing because nothing sticks.  I'm presently looking for the best price on a complete set of Circulon to replace the Belgique.  I give this cookware 5 Stars & an Excellent Recommendation!!
STUNNING!. A stunning `pride of place' plate to present all sorts of goodies on, hot or cold.Endless uses, but looks particularly superb with a selection of breads, along with the matching `bean pots`, full of steaming soup, on colder days.Equally stunning with a selection of cold meats or cheeses at the BBQ, on a warm, summer's evening.Friends use theirs for roast chicken on Sundays.Guaranteed to be a talking point whatever you use it for!Easy to clean and dishwasher safe it is hard to beat such a durable item which looks the part as well.At an excellent price, On Amazon, today.Check out the other colours, too - there is bound to be one for you!`Manufactured using the highest quality materials and techniques, Le Creuset Stoneware offers much greater resistance to extreme temperature changes, chipping and crazing.The tough, craze-free glaze is totally hygienic - it will not absorb food or flavours and is stain and scratch resistant.'
It's not the same pan as William Sonoma's. Kaiser makes wonderful, quality bakeware BUT the 9/17/04 reviewer noted this pan was $50 at Williams-Sonoma.  Not so.  The one WS carries is from Kaiser's top-of-the-line series, La Forme. Amazon carries the same one for $49.99.  This pan is from the Noblesse collection - which, I'm sure, is quite good but not the same quality as the La Forme line
King Duvet Cover & King Shams. It's really beautiful.  Duvet cover looks exactly like the picture.  Polished cotton.  Backing is a navy stripe.  Very pleased.  Shams are the same pattern but a different material which is slightly darker, but still nice.  Backing is the same as the cover
this was wonderful for our road trip. We didn't have to suffer with bad hotel coffee.  The closing lid is secure and keep the coffee nice and hot
Nice pan... This pan is a bit heavier and truly nonstick.  Good when you want to make a larger loaf
perfect searing pan. I wanted a pan I could heat to the smoking point and then keep it there for searing tenderloin. This pan works great. The low sides actually reduce splatter at this temperature since most grease is carried into the air in other pans by steam formed on the sides of the pan. The rounded grill ridges make cleaning easier. Put the pan to soak and use a little stainless polish if necessary. It's a keeper
Heated Pet Bed. My Chihuahua is in heaven since I purchased this heated pet bed.  It's just the right size and keeps her toasty warm
Evaluation of order. The merchandise was received in excellent condition, well packed for shipment, and sent quickly after my order was placed.
Excellent!!!. Works great, easy to clean and has a pretty even temp across the entire surface.
This is just what I've been looking for!. I can't tell you how long I've been looking for something like this, to hold and carve cooked meat or poultry; something that would hold the juices. I think I explored every kitchen store within 50 miles, and all I could find were the flat boards with a little valley around the edges to catch the juices, but invariably, we would end up with juice spilling on the counter, on the floor and everywhere else between there and and sink. This PrepBoard is perfect! It's big enough to hold a good sized piece of meat, and deep enough that the juices are contained. The juices can then be poured from a corner back into the pan, or disposed of into a container of your choice with no spillage on the way! Afterward, throw it in the dishwasher. Couldn't be easier!  It's wonderful
THE BEST OPENER of ALL!. I've used a fancy lever corskrew at home for years because I thought they provided the best leverage and ease-of-use, but the screw on my expensive opener keeps unscrewing itself off when opening very tight corks.I travel a lot and carry a simple waiter's corkscrew with me because they're small and fairly easy to use too because they also have good leverage. Well one day I couldn't find my travel opener so shopped for a replacement. The thing is, you can't carry an opener on a plane if it has a knife foil cutter, so I looked long and hard for one with an alternative. (My old one had lost its knife so was easy to travel with, and I just cut the foil with the screw tip.)The Good Grips 31681 has a wonderful and safe 2-wheel foil cutter that passes airport security, and actually works beautifully! Just run the cutters around the bottle and the foil is off.The next great thing about this opener is the ergonomic rubber casing that is SO comfortable when removing the cork.But the very BEST thing about this opener is how effortlessly the corks come out of the bottles! For instance, I couldn't get one of those new imitation corks out with my lever opener because the screw wouldn't grab the cork and would just unscrew itself from the opener instead- drove me crazy! I tried this opener on it expecting to really fight the cork when pulling it out- instead it slid out like butter! I was amazed.Now It's my primary home openener and I'm buying another one to travel with, and one for everyone in my family!BUY IT!!!!
VERY GOOD. VERY GOOD FOR BAKING AND ROASTING..IM VERY HAPPY WITH MY ROASTER AND PRICE IS UNBELEVEBLE..THANX AMAZO
Beautiful - but round bottoms?. I love these bowls! I got them out of their box to display them on shelves, and discovered their bottoms are rounded. I can't imagine why this would be useful in any way.Unfortunately, I have no wall space to hang them.They are beautiful, though
Love it. The Salter 1400 scale is great.  I use it for carbohydrate counting and find it very convenient to use.  I especially like being able to use the built-in program which gives me the the nutritional information for the exact weight of the item I have put on the scale
AMAZING. We bought this for a recent week long family trip.  The hotel had 2 queen size beds and with 3 kids that wasn't enough!  To pay the extra money for a suite was ridiculous!  This bed inflated in under a minute, was super comfy and cozy and my daughter (age 2) loved it and slept through the night for the entire trip.  We kept it inflated for the duration and it stayed nice and firm with no need to re-inflate.  When it was time to deflate it, it took about 2 minutes and folded FLAT!  I LOVE this and would rate it 10 stars
great quality. I have a wedding shop and the gowns are extremely heavy.  This rack is affordable, sturdy and a good value for the money!thanks, Debbie(...
The only way to bake. I had been used to cooking with clay pots many years ago.  But, after several moves, my pots had become pot shards.  I have many food allergies and have my own large personal garden to help me avoid the contaminants normally found in non-organics and I love fresh veggies, raw or baked.  So, in keeping with my resolution to start eating better and healthier without sacrificing quality of taste, I decided to replenish my clay pots and I had this brand of pot in the past and was well satisfied then.  I bought the veggie pot and the chicken roaster.  The veggie pot was used the night I received it and what a joy it was to taste the meal prepared in it.  Onion, potatoe, broccoli, turnip, carrots, green beans, fresh sweet red pepper slices, mushrooms and whole bulbs of garlic mixed with a little olive oil, thyme, rosemary and fresh sage, salt and pepper at 425 for 35 minutes.  Yummy---add some steamed brown rice to the meal, not in the pot, and you are in for a nutritious and delicious meal with taste that will make the clay pot a standard vessel for your cooking.  The chicken pot was used a day or two later for friends who raved about the taste.  Clay is the only way to go as far as I'm concerned
Great mixer. Make sure the bowl is securely attached so that the beater clearance is correct. Otherwise, it can scrape the bowl and make it very unpleasant
No Bulge!. I have ordered several sets of Spiegelau glasses from Amazon, and have always been pleased.  I ordered these with some trepidation, based on reviews noting a &quot;bulge.&quot;  I am happy to say that the glasses contained no visible flaws
Very comfortable, but took a few days getting used to. Overall my girlfriend and I are both happy with this topper. We'll be combining furniture and households in the near future, retaining her bed, so I needed a temporary solution to my aging mattress before that happens. Thankfully this topper has provided it, and my girlfriend (who hated my old mattress) has slept more soundly and comfortably since the first night.The first few nights I found it very uncomfortable and woke with pain in my lower back and hips, but after about three nights my body adjusted I found that I much prefer sleeping with the topper than without. I've spent some time on Tempur-pedic beds, and the topper feels close to Tempur-pedic, but not quite. I feel that when the topper is placed in its protective slipcover, and then my bedsheet is place over that, the memory-foam-ness of it is diminished, and it doesnt feel dramatically different from the old egg-crate style of foam toppers that have been around for years.As far as some other concerns go: I did not find the rubber smell to be overpowering, but it was noticeable for the first night or two, now the smell is non-existant. Also, I live in Florida and I was concerned about the topper holding and radiating too much heat, thankfully this is not the case, and the topper provides a comfortable sleeping temperature. Finally, I had to cut 7 inches off the width of it to get the Queen sized topper to fit on my Full sized bed. A Full sized topper would have been too narrow and considerably too short. It may cost a little more but I recommend going a size larger and cutting down to what you need. Cutting the topper was very easy with a yardstick and an ordinary pair of sharp scissors, and I've seen no crumbling or fraying from where I cut.Bottom line: do I feel like I'm sleeping on a Tempur-pedic brand mattress?, No, not really. But I am enjoying a more comfortable sleep, and I don't regret the purchase at all.Oh, and the look on your cats faces when they jump on it the first time is worth the price alone! :-)
Bose 151 SE Outdoor Speakers. These speakers are being used on a large screened porch.  I purchased them primarily based on the Bose reputation and their size.  They fit very nicely on a shelf at the end of the porch and most people do not notice them. I was very surprised by their great "indoor" sound.
stylish but noisy. I love the way the Kone looks.  And that is why I bought it.  I like that it can sit out and not look like a "dust buster".Two things I don't like:1. Very noisy!  sounds like a shop vac....2. I don't like the "bagless" dust catcher.  It is made out of cloth and gets full of dust and dirt and gets clogged....  I can't think of of a better alternative - maybe I can wash it....  Anybody know
CLASSY & DURABLE. VERY NICE PITCHER.  I HAVE THE ONE WITH THE BLACK HANDLE, WHICH IS NICE SO FINGERPRINTS DON'T SHOW.  VERY DURABLE
My friends want one!. I received this slicer/tray as a wedding shower gift a couple of years ago and everytime I entertain, my friends comment on how much they love it...and I must admit that I love it too!  I'm ordering it as a bridal shower gift for one of my friends who covets mine
Very convenient!. This dispenser sits next to my kitchen sink and is terrific!  Now when my hands are full of grease, batter, etc., all I have to do is place my palm under it and the soap is automatically dispensed !  No germs are transferred from my hands to the container and I can also control the amount of soap that is dispensed.  I highly recommend this item
AAAAHHHHHHHH..........ZZZZZZZZ. First, I ordered the dual control but was sent this. That is the first mistake in dozens of Amazon ordres over the years, and they immediately credited me with the $10 difference. They would have replaced it at their expense, but I'm quite happy with this one.I live in Zone 5, keep the bedroom thermostat at 50*F, and sleep with the window open 1-2" all winter. I recently splurged on a Tempurpedic mattress, which I LOVE, but it absorbs the room air so it was very COLD when I got into bed, and it took nearly an hour to warm up. I was miserable but didn't want to trade it for a regular mattress, so I bought this. OMG, it's the next best thing to a tropical vacation! I turn it on #5 about 15 minutes before bed and then turn it off or down to #1. This also heats up the bedcovers, so you're enveloped in warmth. Lovely. Even when I'm too tired to trudge upstairs to prewarm, it only takes ~5 minutes to take the chill off. I also put my pillows under the covers (on the other half of the bed--they prevent the top sheet from getting warm) so that my head and neck are warm too. I like to be toasty but hate a hot room (obviously!) so this is the perfect, amazing, wonderful solution. Between this and the fabulous Tempurpedic, I sleep so well now
Good for the price. Since this didn't cost a whole lot I didn't expect a whole lot out of it. It works fine, but after owning it a year, it's starting to have a few weird quirks, like when you turn it on after being off for a week or more it makes a weird noise but then works fine
SDG. I bought one for myself several years ago and have loved it.  My parents also liked it so I bought one for them this year for Christmas.  It broke on the first use.  They have sent it back to be fixed under warranty ~ do not know yet if it will be with or without complications.  Hopefully the manufacturer will fix it without any problems. .
The Chef's Best Kept Secret. Kitchenaid introduced their cutlery line at the same time I was divorcing.  I left behind a legendary set of knives, costing nearly a $1000 dollars.  I bought these, because I had good luck, in the past, with the handtools, and didn't have a lot of money to spend.  I have been amazed with these knives and would never consider anything else.  I am a retired chef and have used every brand of knife, known to the professional world, and these hold their own
Funny gift to give :). It's soft and medium-sized.  Didn't pay too much for them so didn't feel too bad when friends would come over and ask if they could take one. Now I don't have any left, but they're an interseting little soft "stuffed animal" kind of thing.  No real practical purpose probably - and I heard it's a horror if it ever opens/spills its contents.  And it's kind of funny - the thing itself is soft - but it comes in a huge box with TONS of air pillows (when you order it from amazon at least).  So if you're moving and need packing material, then here's a 2-for-1 special.
Great pan but doesn't last long. I bought this pan but it seems like it is an older model.  I haven't even had it for a year yet and the nonstick has kinda came off.  I don't use any abrasive cloth or any metal utensils on the pan either.  I guess you can expect that from probably all nonstick type pans.  I'd have hoped for more but I guess you get what you pay for.  Other than that, cooking omelettes and what not are great with this pan
works great, my beardies love it. I have to admit, I was not impressed when I first received the item, it was made of lightweight foam, I guess I was expecting resin or something more substancial.  But I really can't complain about it.  It works well, looks good, my beardies love it.  The negatives would have to be that it splashes a lot, creating a mess in the tank, and I have to refill it almost every day (I do live in a dry climate, though).  But it's a nice addition to my dragon tank
Good Tool. I haven't tried the Shampoo, but I have used the FURminator comb on my long-haired Dachshund.  The tool gets out an amazing amount of undercoat, great to use in the spring time when my dog starts loosing all his winter coat.  I highly recomend that you use it OUTDOORS!! The first time I used it inside and had to vaccuume up all the fur that came off him.  Also, be sure to wear a shirt that you don't mind getting furry, again... lots and lots of undercoat comes off with this product
Best toy ever!. Our miniature poodle LOVES this toy.  It took him a little while to figure out how to get the balls out without shaking the box to death, but he soon figured out how to hold the box w/ his little paw and get the balls out.  The box and one of the ball is starting to come apart (rather early - 2 months), but I can saw it up and it's no biggie.  He LOVES this toy and I'll definitely get a replacement if it completely comes apart
Sharp sharp sharp. After 10 years in the kitch, I have good skills with knife.But, first day with this knife, I cut my finger. Shun cuts yam like tofu, it happen so fast that I wasn't even able to react to it. I need to be extra careful with this blade
Huge!. Great knives.  Bought three sets (two as gifts, one for myself).  The 10" Chef's knife is HUGE, but great for larger jobs.  All three knives have the same -also large- handle, which makes them easy to control.  The handles may be slightly too big for small hands, but for most people this should not be an issue.
Nice teakettle. I just purchased this teakettle today and my review is based on one day of use.DesignFirst off, it looks very nice and feels well built.  As advertised, the finish is mirror clear.  Designed for hanging, the handle feels very sturdy and looks to be well attached. The nose piece seems to be a slightly lighter weight stainless steel with a lightweight metal ball at the end.  Attached with a screw, the ball may have a tendency to come loose over time.UseWith a quart of water, the kettle boils well with a nice whistling sound.  At a boil, the handle is warm but not uncomforable to the touch.  The ball and nose piece are warm when removed but not hot and I experienced no issues with excessive steam once the unit was removed from the burner.  Pouring is easy and the handle offers a range of positions from which to hold the pot.  The only areas of the handle that are hot are the rods attaching the handle to the pot and they are unlikely to cause a burn if touched.RecommendationThis is a nice stylish kettle and will probably hold up well over time.  I can only imagine other owners have filled the pot to capacity when the handle has become hot and that may also affect the pouring.  As far as cleaning the pot I can not understand who needs to scrub the inside of the pot unless they are making soup directly in the pot
I love them... only one little problem. I loved my Italian Countryside set when it arrived. I unpacked them and washed them and got ready to put them away... and HELLO... the dinner plate won't fit in my 12" upper cabinet!! I was standing in the kitchen ready to cry because I thought I was going to have to send them back until my handy husband was able to rout out the back of the cabinet door enough to let them fit. The plates stick out just far enough that the door wasn't closing, so measure your cupboards before ordering. Other than that I like the set very much. A few small flaws in the glaze on the back of the dinner and salad plates but none on the upper surface. I also love having so many other pieces available in the pattern
Beautiful and useful. This plate isn't quite as big as I expected, but I love it! It is gorgeous and works well as a serving plate - I have used it for serving garlic bread and quesadillas (size is perfect for the big tortillas I usually buy) so far.I have the sunflower color and it is beautiful. I look forward to purchasing more Fiestaware!
Would buy again!. This came in today.  Amazon, you sure give FAST shipping!  I immediately opened this and was very surprised.  I thought at the low price I paid that it would be 'cheesy' looking or cheap looking.  Nope.  It really looks great.  The bedskirt was very soft.  The comforter was very thick, fluffy...and ohhhhh  so very soft.  The shams fit great over my huge king size pillows.  I give this 5 stars and I would definitely buy this again
Great on Carpeted Stairs. I bought this tool to clean carpeted stairs.  It works great for this task.Based on older reviews, I'm wondering if this tool has been re-engineered.  I have no trouble with the brush stopping or clogging.  It works far, far better than similar tools on other vacuums.Four stars not five?  The tool is overpriced by about $30
Sturdy and Reliable. This is a great utility microwave. I've only had mine for a couple of months, but it does all the basics that I bought it for: reheating and making popcorn.It was a good deal for the price and it actually looks nice.It's surprisingly quiet
It works. It's red, it's narrow and fits under our countertop, it toasts and broils and bakes, it was inexpensive, it works!  We've had it for about a month and it's been used 15 times or so.  I recommend it
Back to the old frother. Krups has been installing a hard plastic cover on the frother wand of their recent models. This technology is neither as effective nor as resilient as the old "perfect froth" attachment. My hard plastic one broke within two weeks, and sending it back to Krups elicited no response at all, so I just bought the "perfect froth" attachment, and it works fine
Linen Ease Tablecloth. The tablecloth didn't shrink, is a generous size and doesn't need ironing; it's attractive in material and color
Great vegetable knife. This is a wonderfully balanced all purpose vegetable knife. It is idea for herbs and very thin slicing. Perfect for Asian preparation. Well worth the price
Totally satisfied. Bought this item to bring total order up.(to use coupon) I'm very impressed with this little whisk. Thought I'd never use it, but have actually used it nearly everyday. No worries about damaging pans, goes great in the dishwasher, and the handle grip has a nice feel. Helped make the fluffiest tapioca ever! I'll never buy another metal whisk
Love it!. I, too, have an electric stove - I'm glad others mentioned that!  Cooks nicely, cleans up easily.  Absolutely love it - great price, too
Salter kitchen scale. I enjoy having this scale.  I like to buy some foods in large quantity.It is best to freeze them in equal-sized packages. It is also good todivide bread dough, so they are of equal size.  It isn't ugly, likemany of the kitchen scales are
Great for a first time user. This was my first time using an oyster knife.  Following the instructions on the back of the packaging, I was able to pop open the first oyster in less than a minute, and each successive oyster was even faster.  The knife slid between the shells easily once I found the right groove.  And a side-to-side motion quickly sliced the muscle holding the shells together.  The knife never threatened to twist or bend, but then again, using the technique described did not require huge amounts of force.
Small size with plenty of power. Its a small compact microwave with an attractive black finish that hides finger prints better than the white magic chef that I had before... This unit actually holds more food than it looks like it can and considering how UPS tossed it over my gated fence leaving it on my front lawn in the RAIN all day until I got home from work that night instead of leaving it at my side door like I've told UPS a hundred times to do, this little microwave has to be unbreakable...It defrost and cooks food quick and efficently, the rotating device in the microwave is durable and stable... My only complaint would be with button placement but I'm getting used to it..
Fantastic sheets. These sheets are very nice.  I have gotten alot of them and given them as gifts.
AEROLATTE TO GO. THIS IS ONE OF THE BEST DRINK MIXING PRODUCTS---TO GO-ON THE MARKET.  I TAKE IT EVERYWHERE......
Very nice and for a great price. I bought this for myself after not being happy with the options and prices in stores.  It's a very nice piece and looks great on my stove while also serving a purpose
Love Them. These clips are great for displaying my kids' artwork and posting their chore charts.  Only problem -- my 3&4 yr olds love them too.  They keep disappearing off my fridge
Perfect Little Dish!. This little Au Gratin dish was a wonderful addition to my set of Sango Splash dinnerware.  It handles heat (up to a 500 degree oven), microwave, dishwasher and regular use.  It is the perfect size for appetizer dips or trimmed asparagus.  The best part?  No need to serve in a separate dish...it looks great on the table and coordinates with my other Splash patterned dishes.  A great buy
Good desk fan. I am enjoying the desk fan.  It is a little larger and better quality than the other I have had in the past.  It actually puts out a nice stream of refreshing air on the low speed.
More than one use!. I ordered one of these pillows for myself and another for my husband. We use them daily for watching TV, reading or as armrests on the sofa. They're very handy to have, especially if you have neck or back problems. I highly recommend them
Great pan, big and heavy. Cast iron pans are the way to go. No dangerous non-stick materials that emit toxic smoke if you overheat them. This one is probably the best I have ever owned. Only criticism is that it is huge and difficult to heat evenly on a normal size gas burner. Bacon tends to brown at the center while remaining uncooked on the edges. But for pancakes, etc. this is perfect. Get this one and a smaller 10" pan and you'll have bases covered.
Very BIG, but very useful. My only beef with these mugs is that they're so big. I own the smaller Fiestaware mugs too, and I complained about those being too small, but seriously - I wish there were a middle ground. Though I'd take 'too big' over too small any day. You can have a big cuppa tea or coffee or soup with these things. An excellent multitasker, I've even used mine to store cups of broth in the freezer. These definitely need some sort of tight-fitting lid developed for them for better storage in the fridge or freezer
Great product. 2 inch foam is much better than the 4 inch. It doesn't get too hot and you can move around much more easily. Also, unlike other memory foam products I've tried this one doesn't have any kind of funky smell.
Great For Small Hands. I love this knife!  I have small hands, and it is the perfect size for me.  I use it everyday.  The peeler I have only used once, and really didn't buy this set for that, but it also works well
This is the product you need!. Previously I used a natural spray I found at Pet co. While it worked great on one of my cats it didn't deter the other at all from scratching. I recently added two kittens and wanted to be prepared for correcting unwanted behavior from the start. Most of the reviews on the spray were similar to the results I had myself. I saw this and although it seemed a bit high priced decided to give it a try. So far I am very impressed. Mine does have both the spray and or sound option. It is a medium sound with good blast of spray following. It cures them after only a couple experiences with the unit. So far the only draw back is that since it is motion activated people passing by the same area tend to set it off as well. I am also curious to see how long one can will last before needing replacement. Overall I LOVE this product!
Great Item!. I was not able to find one of these popcorn poppers in my area.  I had one and let a friend have it.  I missed it deeply.  The other one was from Wal-Mate and I thought I I would be able to find another one there.  I did , but it was broken and they stopped caring them.  I was very happy to get this one and it is GREAT!  The popcorn popped in this one is outstanding
So hot it's cool. It's surprising to find true innovation in such an affordable product. I was concerned that having extra features on a coffee maker would be annoying or cumbersome but, this coffee maker is very easy to program or just use. The 1-4 cup feature and the extra flavor feature seemed like fluff to me, but I find myself enjoying them too.  The design team should be rewarded for comming up with the dual purpose container, it's such an easy way to fill the resevoir while also keeping the coffee hot and fresh.Every morning I start the day with a gooood cup of fresh coffee, no mess, no fuss. I like it
Awsome. I love the extra long batters of this hand mixer that bring a lot of air in the egg whites and make the result fluffier. My problem is now to find an extra deep mixing bowl to avoid splashing all this outside the bowl
A wonderful gift!. I got this for my friend's birthday as she wanted a huge bowl to make french onion soup. I was thrilled when I opened the box. It was well packaged and wrapped. The color and sturdiness of this bowl convinced me that this will last for many years to come! Now I'm going to have to get a set for myself
Works well on light fabrics. This steamer works great on light fabrics such as silk. However when I tried steaming my cotton dress shirts, it took forever just to get a couple of wrinkles out. For its small size and price I'm fairly satisfied with this steamer, but don't expect it to replace your iron.
Excellent Fish Turner. This fish turner is the first All-Clad item that I purchased, and I have not been disappointed. It is perfect for turning even the most delicate poached fillet. I keep it handy by hanging it from a hook on the pot rack. While it is advertised as dishwasher-safe, I like to wash and dry it by hand to keep the 18/10 stainless steel finish like new
New to home espresso. The Gaggia 35005 is a well constructed and easy to operate espresso machine.  It is my first espresso machine and I am very pleased with it.  I sometimes use Illy pods or Starbucks pods and sometimes use loose espresso grind.  I purchased a Vaneli 58 mm stainless steel tamper and discarded the plastic tamper that came with the 35005 and get better results with the Vaneli tamper, though I'm still experimenting with loose espresso grind.  The frothing wand that came with the Gaggia produces excellent froth.  The first attempt was a bit of a mess, but now I get consistent results easily.  I get good crema without using the included crema device.  The instructions for the 35005 make it easy to produce decent espresso on the first attempt and it only gets better with each pull
Ladybug S & P Shakers. The Ladybug Salt and Pepper Shakers were great.  They were painted with good detail.  Thanks
Ordered wrong item, but works great!. I thought I had ordered the right replacement carafe for my Krups coffee maker, however, I inadvertently ordered the wrong one.  The good thing is that I was able to use my old lid to the new carafe so that the coffee wouldn't drip out! It is slightly different than the original one, but looks and works great
Great For Our Needs. We got this to go over our Futon, it works great. We use our futon in the rec room to watch our big Tv. It diffently has made it more comfortable to sit on, or lay down on.To me the quality is there and we had no problems with it being sent, it does however come in a very big shipping bag
Italian Countryside. All dishes arrived in perfect shape and quickly.Best price that I have found.
Excellent buy. I love these air purifiers and they are every bit as good as the Sharper Image one I have - but a lot less expensive.
A cheaper solution for FD 35s, too. I got these clean screens for my smaller FD 35 NESCO model since the other size are twice as much money.  Great news:  you can cut down the screens for the FD 1010 quite easily to fit the FD 35.  They work great and I saved a nice bit of money
Tennessee Hibachi. Have owned this product five weeks and used it several times to cook hamburgers, London broil, steaks.  It produces excellent results and is relatively easy to use.  The cooking grate can only be set at two levels: standing on its posts or inverted, lying on the rim of the firebox.  The level must be chosen before you start cooking, which presents a problem for some preparations.  The damper seems to have little effect on cooking temperature.  Emptying ash is a bit awkward, as you need to remove the doors and coal grate, then lift and tip the firebox, which is heavy.  The lip catches some ash, so it is difficult to completely empty.  Be sure to set the grill on a pan, as grease will leak through and collect around the legs
I can read while I wait. I actually purchased this book light so that I can read while I wait for my child to sleep.  he likes me to be in the room.  This was perfect.  Does not put out enough light to bother my son, but allows me to do something other than stare at the clock while I wait for him to fall asleep
A wine lovers must!. I first found this foil cutter on a trip in Italy and found it so practicle that I researched the internet in order to purchase additional quatities because I could not find them locally.These cutters make great gifts for all your wine lover friends and family
Love my Pesto flexible turner. This is my favorite turner for eggs, pancakes, anything I cook in a pan that I don't want falling through holes in a typical turner or scratching my pan. It doesn't burn or melt. The color matches my walls too!
OLD COUNTRY ROSE PETAL BOWL. THIS IS ONE BEAUTIFUL BOWL.. IT ARRIVED FAST AND MINTY/MINT. A GREAT ADDITION MY OLD COUNTRY ROSE COLLECTION.
Excellent. A very multiuse tool. It cuts different kinds of cheese ina very smooth way. If you have a party, it's wonderful to prepare hors d'oeuvres. It cleans easily.
chefs choice 632. excellent slicer. works well for slicing meats thin if you like. The food tastes wonderful thin and win! The only thing that is a slight problem for me is when i take the base off where you lay the meat on I always have a problem getting the slide thing back on. But i'm sure I will get the hang of it hopefully. Other than that it is a wonderful slicer. Buy it
Tri-Ply. This skillet is wonderful.  Very well balanced, even heating and extremely easy to clean.  I love it and will buy the 10" at a later date
best one I have had. This is the second electric mill I have purchaced.  This one gives a fine grind and works great.  Would recomen
Gets the most hair off my Ragdoll cat. I have a long haired Ragdoll cat.  He is a constant shedder.  My husband saw this and bought it for me.  My cat hates being brushed so that is the challenge. But when I do it you can see the difference.  I end up with a pile of fur and a much shinier cat. He doesn't seem to like it but he will escape for any brushing so I think that's just him.  Having to go only one direction is a bit hard because the cat is so stubborn but I can see the difference around my house. I used to have to clean the furniture daily with a roller and now it is every few days days and no where near the amount of hair that used to get on there! I recommend this for any long haired animal!
Best Value for the money, as well as a timeless style. We've had this set for twenty years this fall.  The set looks as good as the day we took it out of the boxes (which we still have, BTW), and after all the abuse the set has taken, there has been one casualty.  Think about it - a service for twelve, used every day for twenty years, and not babied in the slightest, and one bowl gets chipped.  I bought a replacement from Amazon's open stock for a very reasonable price, and the new bowl has blended in with the set, and I expect it to last as long as the twenty-year old stuff.  Homer Laughlin potteries has been arond a long time and has a good reputation, but reputation or not, my dishes were well worth the price.We have the black dishes, which make the food look good, no matter what we serve on it.  We've never had a guest who didn't comment favorably on our "righteous cool" dinnerware.  The dinner plates are a generous size but may not lie flat in smaller cabinets.  The salad plates are the perfect size for a child's meal or a small lunch, and the the two sizes of bowl will suit every dining need.  The small bowl will give a child or dieter all the soup they want, while the more generous soup bowl will hold enough for a hungry adult.  The number of add-on dishes is endless, and one could make it a lifetime hobby, discovering and buying them all.  But that's certainly not required -- two or three sets like this (depending on how big a family you have or how much you entertain), plus a couple of serving bowls, a covered casserole and a gravy boat provide a perfectly adequate number of dishes for the average family that has better things to do than baby fine china
Straw Dispenser. I love this dispenser.  It is very attractive -- exactly what I wanted!
Quality Product. I have owned several other brands of fryers and let me tell you, this one exceeds any expectations I had. It is durable and well designed and the drain/filter feature works better than I could have imagined. I have to admit that I was skeptical about draining the oil into the plastic drain pan and then attempting to pour the oil back into the metal frying bin. The process ended up being so simple that my kids can do it without making a mess. The only thing I will say to be watchful for is to make sure the drain is cleared following filtering. This does not present a hazard of any kind but having to reach your hand back down into the oil or pour it out into another container manually to clear fried particles is pretty messy. The directions for doing this are clearly written in the booklet. Without question the best fryer I have ever owned. I am buying one for my folks
more than meets the eye. This pillow looks simple enough, but there must have been a lot of research put into inventing it!  The DogBone (medium size, about 16"w--i don't remember specific dimensions) instantly relieved many aches i had in my neck without forcing me to lie down in a flat position (which often gives me a headache and makes it impossible to read while lying down).  I'd been to the doc quite a few times for the back/neck problems i've had lately, but no Rx worked quite as well as this delightful cushion.  My only issues with it are cleaning (stuffing's packed very tight, so i'd rather not try it out in the washer for fear of mold/mildew; i spray it with disinfectant every once in a while instead) & the outer material (an optional moisture-wicking or allergen-reducing pillowcase would be nice).  However, I bought it based on earlier reviews, and I don't regret it
I like this thing. I wanted to eliminate salt from my diet and there is no such thing as no-salt, low or no-fat pre-bagged and boxed microwave popcorn. This contraption answers the need.  It is more eco-friendly,too, having no bag to dispose of, and uses less electricity to nuke than the prepared kind. Eating from its bowl is more pleasant than digging into a paper bag. It took a couple times to establish the right amount of time, and I'm now looking to the sixth use of the little liner. It does require about 42 seconds of labor to measure out the kernels and assemble the popper. I cannot yet testify to its longevity
Great to bring indoor sound outdoors. we bought the speaker so we could bring our music from our indoor stereo to our deck.  it works great.  very easy to use and at night the blue night sets a great mood
It's a keeper. We have had this toaster for about a month now and it looks like it's a keeper. The unit is solid, sturdy, and definitely a good buy at $29.99 with shipping included. It toasts bread and bagels evenly. The settings are consistent and dependable, and although I am energy-conscious, I don't think the tiny 1/100th of a watt red light is going to raise the earth's temperature.
My favorite appliance... Using a Chemex requires water to be heated in a tea kettle prior to brewing, and it requires a finer ground than what auto-drip machines ask for.  After the water is brought to a boil, it's important to wait for it to cool just slightly (about 30 seconds) and then you need to wet the grounds in the filter, wait for them to drain, and then fill the pot with water.  Want more than a single cup of coffee?  You wait for your first pour to brew, and then fill the filter again.Some advantages over other forms of coffee brewing:1. Taste: I don't know how it does it, but the filter does keep your coffee from being bitter.2. Cleanability: Users can keep all necessary components clean (anyone who's brewed water and vinegar through their coffee maker to kill off a bitter taste that wasn't there when you bought it understands this plight).  Oftentimes, the most aggressive criticism of the Chemex is its ponderousness to clean because it's not possible to get your hand into the reservoir.  Some people prefer to add hot water and soap and give it a good rinse, which is fine if you clean the moment you empty the pot, but if you're like me and you let the remaining sip or two sit until a nice coffee stain is on the glass, then you need some good 'ol fashion friction to get it clean.  The best thing I've found: a baby bottle cleaner.  It's narrow enough to get into the reservoir and the angle can be adjusted to scrap the walls, too.  Brilliant!3. Electricity Free: As long as you can boil water, you can have coffee.4. Mud/Sludge: French press and stove-top espresso-style brewing always leaves a thick slime at the bottom of an otherwise rich cup of coffee.  Don't get me wrong: I think that's good (I use a French Press when I'm in the mood), but the cone on a Chemex doesn't allow that at all.5. Style/Size: the Chemex coffee pot is a relic (designed in the 40s) and the wood cuff with rawhide tie screams simplicity and elegance and it's a wonderful, minimalist sight on any kitchen counter (and unlike electric coffee makers, easy to move if you need the space).Some drawbacks any purchaser should consider:1. Time: it does take 5 - 10 minutes of labor to get the morning cup of coffee.2. Cones: you can't run over to Wal-Mart when you use the last filter; you need to find a specialty store or go online, which means you need to plan ahead.3. Cold Coffee: no electric hot plate (thank god) means coffee not poured and consumed immediately gets cold quickly.  You can buy a wire guard and a glass lid so your Chemex can be warmed on the stovetop.  I think that's more labor added to an already laborious endeavor.  Just have a warmed thermos ready and use that to store any unused coffee.4. Learning Curve: It does take some time to get the grind right, the amount right and the water level right to find a cup which caters to your tongue.5. Cleanability: I know this is in the advantages column, as well, but it's worth mentioning that a lot of people hate cleaning these things.  To  submerge it does mean pulling off the wood cuff (which is a small pain) else it will get nasty over time
My 2-year old loves this. We also got the ladybug and lion for my 2-year old and 16 month old. My 2-year old thinks it's really cool to feed the ladybug his dirty clothes. It sure beats them piling up on the floor! This is a really fun way to get little kids accustomed to doing some of their own chores to help mommy clean up. They really are pretty cute and the low price is a bonus.
Tranquil Moments Sound Therapy System. I suffer from tinnitus, this was purchased as a masker. It works well and uses batteries in a pinch. Perhaps more elaborate than I need but it is highly adjustable and seems very solid. Recommended
Great for dry cat food. I was a bit hesitant to give this a try, simply because I didn't see how spending $35 would be worth it when I could just have my cats' dry food bags be rolled and clipped for freshness for a lot cheaper.But I am so happy that I purchased this dual food dispenser. First, it is incredibly easy to put together, and arrived in perfect shape. It looks as though it might be unsturdy, but so far it has held its ground. The overall appearance is very attractive, and looks a helluva lot better than rolled up bags!In terms of its utility, this dispenser is terrific! I can keep almost a full bag of cat kibble in each dispenser, so getting the kitties ready for meals is simple. A few twists of the knob, and I have just the right portion. I also no longer have dry food pouring out of enlarged bag holes, causing unpleasant, crumbly messes when the pieces I missed when cleaning up are accidentally stepped on later.Overall, this is a great product. It's plastic, but looks very sleek, and the chrome handle is a very nice touch that coordinates well with my decor. Zevro offers a similar dispenser that is specified as a pet food dispenser, but I think they're pretty much all the same thing. I picked this one because I wanted the two different containers, plus I liked the color scheme better, and it has worked out quite well
Awesome and gets used!. Beautiful - heavy duty - EASY to use.The hardest part about this item was getting it out of all the boxes.  I must compliment Smart Bargains and Amazon for the amazing packaging.  I read the instructions, washed it and made a veggie soup in minutes.I have made brown rice in minutes - to perfection.  I had to play with the timing becuase the 1st time I cooked it a few min. too long and the bottom layer stuck.  I now spray a cooking oil on the pan and then put in the rice and add in a tspn or so of oil to the water and perfectomungo rice.I have made potatoes (even with the peel) - roast - veggies, and it is all good.  Flavor is throughout the food items.I researched many cookers before I purchased this one and I am sooo happy with the quality and value.  I love that they gave 2 sized pans and I often use the shorter one for other things as well (they give a lid to use this way).The ONLY thing I can find not 100% positive is the inside of the pan (on the cooking part) has discolored a bit (rainbow like color) and I didn't know stainless steel could do that.  It does not affect cooking at all or taste so no biggie - just an observation.If you are unsure, get this and you won't be sorry
Love it.....Keeps most of the grease away from the stove top. I just got this splatter shield last week and have used it everyday so far.  It works great to keep the grease away from the stovetop.  Like the previous review, the big "Pops" escape, so you may want to use the splatter screen too.  Previously, when I used a screen, the food loses it crispyness...I mean that's why you would stirfry and fry for.  This splatter shield allows the condensation to escape and you can keep a closer eye on your food and turn and stir as needed without moving the shield.  Great invention...now I need a bigger on for my wok!!
Desert Rat. After reading the many reviews on the DGB-600BC I was worried about my purchase.  I have now used the coffeemaker and put it through many cycles/cleanings.  I have found the coffeemaker to be an excellent product and it makes a great coffee. Clean-up is easy provided that it is done soon after brewing.It is obvious that many of the reviewers have the  culinary and mechanical aptitude of a chimp and should revert to making coffee in a 2 gallon can over and open fire or stay out of the kitchen!
Great Fit!. Great Fit!  We have a king sized super puffy pillow top bed.  These sheets fit the mattress perfectly.  And I am very pleased with the quality.  She sheets are soft and well made.
Need a DCPI number for this... I absolutely love this piece of furniture... the only downside is that if all the peices aren't present you have to wait for replacement parts to come because the hardware is too unique to buy at a local hardware store.Target is willing to send me the replacement parts (shelf supports)but I need the DCPI number for this specific peice.  If anyone could send it to me I'd be so very very happy
Great Great Great. I bought two of these beds for when my grands visist. It is wonderful. Since then I have had several adults utilize the bed and all have said they will buy one. It was like sleeping on a water bed only better and it is level like a bed. Grea
Is this a controlled substance? My cats don't care. It's not like they're addicted. There's no withdrawal if I finish a tub. But this is the BEST, FRESHEST, most aromatic catnip I've found. My three cats don't agree on much, but they LOVE this stuff, sniff it, chew it, roll in it each time, going on three years now. It calms, delights, entertains them and makes me very popular on the home front. Plus it's mainly nice clean leaves, not so many seeds, so it's easy clean up
Gravy Boat is Gravy!. Excellent quality and stamped with the origin of manufacture and the makers trademark on the underside. Works well with the other pieces I had previously purchased, the color is right on the mark. Very pleased and would recommend this to others
Good product flimsy design. I was planning on giving this product a bad review.  However, when I read the instructions and other reviews I learned a few things.  First, I needed to empty it every two weeks.  Second, the reason it was coming apart was because I did not empty it enough.  Once I learned these tips, I decided that it is a pretty good product.  It definitly traps in odors and beats going out to the trash every night.  I find it easy to use and convenient.  It gets 4 stars because it is flimsy.
Pizza Stone and Peel Set. Arrived very fast and am looking forward to using it for a long time
simple design good function. i am very satisfied at this items and buy 4 same items
Fingerprints. While there are many positives to this line of glasses there is one thing that bothers me. When you drink from them you leave fingerprints. Normally on stemmed glasses they are not seen but with these glasses after several sips of your favorite wine the glasses are covered with fingerprints. Still love the shape though
Great size!. I needed a cutting board that caught the juices. I had one for large turkey dinners, but needed a newer one for small roasts. This is perfect!  Doesn't slide on the counter - always a plus.
A real find!. This liter box lived up to my expectations.  No mess and no fuss, just roll it and empty out the dirty stuff.  Very easy to maintain.  I highly recommend it
The Best. I have two australian cattle dogs and I have no cattle so this is there job.  This is the best frisbee you can get.  The only way I have had to replace them is because they get lost.  My dogs cannot chew them up.  They float, they can be washed and dried.  I buy them whenever I see them because they ARE to good and I'm affraid I won't be able to get them anymore.  I have had several products from Bamboo....they are the best you can get for your money hands down.  I almost didn't want to write this because more people will want them and thats less for me.  LO
egg cooker. this is perfect for a quick, gourmet breakfast.  easy to clean and very tasty--bachelors delight! takes up minimal space
Frequent Washer. The product is everything as described plus. It stores alot of laundry, and wheels easy
Delivers!. Large display, Easy to read, simple to use and understand, this product has been good for me in use in a building where I needed to track humidity and in particular needed to be able to track the extremes in every 24 hour period.I recommend it
Visco Matress Topper. Super comfortable, really made a difference in the quality of comfort without having to spend big dollars for a new mattress. Would definitely recommend. The only drawback is a lingering smell from the foam
Good Product. I,m really happy with this large heavy duty saucier which can holds lot of food. I like it specially because it doesn't do much mess around your stove top and its easy to clean. I will highly reccommend this product. The only thing i would like to have with this product is a heavy duty lid
Better than Grandma's!. My family grew up with having pizzelles (made by my Grandmother) for every holiday.  When she passed on, I wanted to continue the tradition.  This pizzelle iron makes even thinner cookies than she made (which we all prefer) and it's SO EASY!   I mix the batter in my kitchen aid mixer, then using two teaspoons, spoon a teaspoon of batter into the middle of each shape.  As soon as they turn light brown, I take them off with a hard plastic flat spatula and leave them on a wooden cutting board to cool.  I use the traditional anise oil, (with a touch of vanilla), and have literally  made hundreds of them every Christmas to send to friends and family across the US.  They have become so popular that everyone is demanding them more often, so I've tried some of my own flavours.  recently I made "thai tea" flavoured pizzelles.....they were a huge hit!  Note....it does take a lot of flavouring for these cookies.  If making the anise flavouring, try adding some Italian liquour, "sambuca" for more intense flavour.   Also, I did not spray or use any oil or butter on the plates, and I've never had one problem with them sticking at all!   You do have to watch them carefully, as they cook very fast.  But, it's rare to find homemade pizzelles....and these will be a great treat for everyone you know.  The machine is incredible, easy clean up, and makes great cookies.  Grandma would be proud!   (PS.  I bought the machine from Amazon about 3-4 years ago, and have made literally thousands of cookies since then.....and it's still going strong!)  The price has dropped, you can't beat it.  Buy this machine!
The best kitchen/household timer you can buy right now. There's a lot to like about this timer that you won't find in many others. First, there are direct access number pads for inputting the time. You don't have to scroll through an entire timer cycle to get to the exact time you want. This makes it fast and easy to set whatever time you want. Second, it goes up to 100 hours! You won't find many timers, analog or digital, that can do that. Third, it takes a standard AAA battery. That makes it super easy to replace it. Fourth, it's small and stylish and easy to keep clean. I've had this timer for over a year and it's worked flawlessly for me during this time. As for a previous review, sure it would be nice and preferable if this had a magnet on the back so you could put it on the fridge, but this is not a major concern for me. If it really matters to someone, you could always glue a magnet on the back. (Just make sure it's a very strong magnet as this timer is heavy and solid.) As for the LCD readout, I have no problems reading it. Could it be better? Sure. A backlight would be nice, as would a slightly larger display. But as it is, it's perfectly readable to me. How many timers come with a backlight anyway? I would buy this timer many times over and, in fact, have bought more as gifts. So while not perfect, this timer is nearly so. And the minor niggles I have with it are not big enough to lower the rating
Practical and pretty. I have this in scarlet.  I accidently broke the spoon in the first month I got it and had no problem getting it replaced. The salt/pepper shakers have good handles.  I was happy to discover that unlike the table top set, this salt & pepper shaker has a label to tell the salt and pepper apart
Wonderful. I received my utility knife several weeks ago ande was so pleased with it that I ordered one more for myself and some for my family members.  I first noticed the weight and suspension of the knife and felt it to be excellent. I find that  when carving and chopping that is important. I also like the length  of  the 16 inch blade for all my uses
Knives. The set is a right amount of knives and the blades are very sharp
V035-42000-U00 Batter Dispenser. I am please with this product I tried another which look morefancy but actually it was hard to clean. This one holds a lotof batter, it dispenses quickly and is easy to clean
standing tall. The paper towel holder is great, although doesn't quite stand up straight. A slight lean to one side is not detrimental, but I tend to try to straighten it every time I walk in the kitchen.
Just like all Oxo product - very user friendly. After having purchased several other Oxo products, naturally when I saw this I had to have it.  Performs well and stylish. A loyal Oxo fan
GREAT A+++. great stuff, really got my cream whipped. Dosed up on 2 blotterz and hit these babies up. For a real kick use 3 at once, nice results facial capacitation
Constantly in use in our house. My thoughtful guy stopped off at a Le Creuset outlet and called me from the store: "Hey, I'm at the Le Creuset outlet and you can have anything you want!" Oh, boy, it wasn't even my birthday. After consultation with the helpful sales assistant, we chose this casserole. It's large and flat like a skillet, has a domed cover, two side handles and it has the regular enamel lining. The sales assistant claimed it was the most used pot in her kitchen. I agree!We leave this out on the stove as it's rather large. We do a lot of things in it, but recently we made Swiss Steak. I am not a big Swiss Steak fan, but when someone comes home with the wrong meat for the grill (hint; you BRAISE round steak, not grill it) then you deal with it. I hammered flour into the steaks with the cubed side of the meat mallet. Then sauteed the meat in the Le Creuset casserole. I added minced onion, a can of diced tomatoes and let the whole thing simmer on the stove (though I could have finished it in the oven--this goes in the oven at moderate temperatures.) The result was a tender Swiss steak and with judicious stirring from time to time with a spatula to release the meat from the enamel surface, it was an easy cleanup.Unlike teflon, you do have to stir to avoid catching the food on the bottom. I find that a nylon spatula, shoved under the meat from time to time, releases it well. But I'd advise you never really leave this kind of pot to cook on its own even on the lowest heat unless you have a heat spreader or even heat. Our gas stove seems to create hot spots under the surface, so I keep an eye on it from time to time.The cleanup is easy--no abrasives or rough pads, please, but a good soaking cleans it up with a mild scrubbing nylon pad. The cream enamel does stain from tomato and caramelized foods, quick cleanup mitigates this, but over time, you will see some darkening. This bothers some people but as long as the surface is intact, we are ok with a bit of staining.If you do a lot of skillet cooking and like Le Creuset, this piece is wonderful and it can go from stove to tabletop because it is quite pretty
Great product, great value!. These are the best dog leashes we've owned. Everything about them is high quality and best of all; they are made in the USA! I have two different patterns for my two dogs. The puppy got a hold of the leash and chewed it up, Lupine replaced it promptly.
I concur with the first review: Absolutely ESSENTIAL for readers!. This book stand is an absolute necessity if you're a college student, and even if you're reading for leisure. I love having my hands free to drink a coffee or snack, or anything else I want to do.
Very nice and good for winter. I bought these sheets 6-8 months back. I have been using these sheets regularly. Even after many wash I don't see the sign of lint coming out. This seems to be one of my great value for money.. Very soft and cozy.. Excellent for winter.. Even after many wash there are no sign of lints. Excellent for the price
satisfied with this item. I am very satisfied with this item.  I was hesistant to buy it at first since it's a little pricy compared to other mops.  Easy to follow instructions on the assembly of this product.  But at first, I had a hard time making the mop work.  It took me days to figure out which button to push when you want the scrubber or the pad.  But after a while, I find the product very useful.  I use Chlorox pads on this mop and put drops of PineSol in the water bottle.  It's very effective in cleaning the floor.  I usually use 2-3 Chlorox pads to clean my floor. At the last pad, I could hardly see any dirt.  I also use it when I wax my floor.  It is a little heavy which is good because you don't have to add pressure when you want to scrub/mop.  Using this product has reduced the time I spent on cleaning.  I highly recommended it to my friends.  In fact, I let them use it in their apartments.
Great Value!. I love this brand and style. Great for the home cook or chef! My husband is a chef and loves them
Great Quality, Great Size!. My wife and I have long been fans of Fiestaware and we have been using many of their pieces for years. Somehow it wasn't until about 2 years ago that we discovered this size. At 9" the lunch plate is perfect for many occasions - especially lunch! (smile)The quality of these plates is very good and this size is very uselul. For some reason these are seldom seen as part of a standard set. We use ours all the time...Highly Recommended!
Beautiful and a great value. I searched and searched for dishes I would both like and could afford.  The Sango Gold Dust are both.  I love the way these dishes look and feel.  The cups are actually big enough for me to use.  With our old dishes, I would always use a mug because the cups that came with them were too small for my taste.  These hold about 10 ounces.  The only "complaint" I have about these dishes are the bowls are too big.  Portion control is difficult with them because they are humongous.I only got the dishes last week, so I can't speak for the durability. But, Amazon shipped them for such a low price and the price of the dishes themselves were literally less than 1/2 of some of the dishes we were looking at.  And they were even less than a set we were considering at Costco. So, I figure for the price, even if they get chipped or break I can afford to replace several pieces and still end up spending less than I would have spent on other sets.  And the look of them is better than anything else we considered, at any price.  We really probably only needed 8 place settings. But, since the price was so good, we got 12 so that we'd have spare pieces
Cookie Cutter(s). I ordered various cookie cutter sizes and shapes.  I was pleased with them all.  They were shipped quickly and packaged carefully
Very Soft....Great Deal. Wonderful quality...Wash very nice.  This towel set is a great value
Overall great, but static a big issue. the capresso is a great machine. the set up and use of the machine is simple and quite convenient. however we purchased it simply based on the fact that it said, "less static" and that is not true. we still have static issues. One big drawback for us, thus cleaning after every use
The Real Deal. Although it looks a little rough around the edges and primative, this nicely weighted, cast iron wok is the real deal and a pleasure to work with.It heats evenly and holds the heat while ingredients are being added, something a lot of lighter weight, carbon steel woks don't. Once seasoned properly it is as good as Teflon without the toxic chemicals (one reason I bought it). It is not very deep, but easily stirs up a main dish stir fry for one or two people, or a side for four.You do need to use a ring with it, and because of this it takes a little longer to heat on an electric stove. However it is also great to use for Indian cooking and is great to cook traditional flat breads on; you can turn it upside down to cook authentic Arab lavash, naan or flour tortillas.Remember to keep it clean, seasoned and dry and it will last a lifetime
The best lasagne pan. Big enough, Deep enough, for Heavy Duty Eaters..Buy one you will love it.
Un - bee - lievably fun. Some 3 1/2 years later after the first bees have seen their demise  I am happily buying a second one.  Buddy 10 lbs absolutely loves this toy - he loves to play with the hive and chase the bees and squeeks each bee for hours on end.  Brinkley, well at less then 5 lbs and on his first week home someone decided to put the hive over his head and to this day he thinks this is a ton of fun trying to shake it off.  This is by far the best toy - I am so excited to find it again and I know the boys will be so happy.  This is a great toy for small to medium sized dogs
Wonderful!!. Love this vacuum -- best one I've ever had!!  A little heavy & bulky, but performance wise, it's the best!!  I have kinda high shag carpet & then bare floors as well & this vacuum picks up everything with ease!!  No more bags is an added plus -- and you can see what's been picked up!!Guarenteed, you will love this vacuum!
Great Cookware. Best cookware that I have seen and used so far. I have been using Revere for around five years now and haven't a problem with them. They get used atleast once a week and trust me, I am not easy on them. lol
Heavy duty opener. I love this bottle opener and would buy another if needed, without question.  It is very heavy compared to other openers, which makes it all the more durable.  I love Kitchenaid products
Cute, cute, cute!. We purchased 2 of these for our living room, which is small.  They are wonderful!  Big enough for essentials (tissue boxes, remote controls, newspapers) and stand out enough to be noticed, yet not ostentatious or overpowering to the room.  Easy assembly and low odor from the wood. I would highly recommend them, although I think the shipping is a bit high.
Excellent everyday wine glasses. I attended an expensive Bordeaux tasting, and the host (a well known, high-end wine retailer) served the wines in this glass.  This told me a couple of things: 1. they were very good glasses that even the discerning oenophiles at the tasting would appreciate.  2. they were reasonably priced (to have dozens of them and clearly not care too much if one was accidentally broken). I've bought several sets and only had one broken when a guest dropped it on cement.  Although they say dishwasher safe, I still wash them by hand.  Although one reviewer complained that they were "chunky", I personally love that they are not the tall, tipsy type of wine glass - those may be great for special occasions, but not for everyday use with a toddler running around the house.  I highly recommend these glasses
Cat Charmed. Bucky owned one before.  It was his favorite toy.  He carried it around and wouldn't let any other cat or human play with it.  After a couple of years of play, the plastic broke.  I looked everywhere to find another one and found one through Amazon.  Though Bucky plays with it, it doesn't have the special attraction as the first one.  It's still a great toy and great exercise
Good, Solid Product!. This is my first food processor and overall, I'm very satisfied with it.  The mini bowl is very useful for making small quantities of pesto, sauce etc.  The processor runs quietly and efficiently.  The only negative I found was that it can be a pain to clean
Memory Pillow. I think the pillow is great. Its definitely more comfortable than a regular pillow and my neck crinks in the morning have become lesser
Might be worth it to you. This filter is wicked expensive, but you get a lot of pros for that con.  It is supposed to take out a lot of crap and how do I know?  The water tastes noticeably better, though (this is Cincinnati water I'm drinking; if I was back in Portland, Maine I wouldn't bother with a filter), so it must be doing something.  It's best feature for me, however, besides the filtering power - which it boasts as being top-notch - is its usability.  You hook the thing up to your facet and it shoots out better tasting and supposedly healthier water about as fast as the facet itself.  Yeah, and consider that one of these wallet-busting replacement filters lasts three or four times longer than their brita counterparts.  Add to that this one's usability, and you've got a soundish investment
excellent buy for the price. very good product, easy to clean, discolor a bit after a couple of usages but has no effect on the performance of the mat, still works great
nice little pan. I inherited some really nice, well worn in industrial cook ware which I've used for years.  I needed a 10 inch skillet so this was my first nonstick purchase.  Other reviews mentioned that the surface scratched and mine did slightly too the first time I used it, but it was a minor scratch and it has not affected the non-stick surface from performing.  In fact it's great for eggs, sauts, etc.  It claims that you can use any utensils with it, but I don't think you should.  All in all, it's a nice little pan
Beautiful cake topper. I bought this cake topper for my wedding and it looked perfect on my cake.  The arch over the couple is a nice touch and makes for a traditional style look.  It is a beautiful keepsake and very high quality, I am very pleased with the price I got it for
Incredible product!. I have owned countless nonstick pans, only to find that they peel after time (scary with all the teflon toxicity reports) and don't conduct the heat well. I now have a new gas stovetop with super high btu burners. The nonsick I had couldn't hold up to the heat. I purchased the Swiss Diamond 12" and 10" frypans. I am back to buy the 8". The Swiss Diamond heats evenly, has a nice flat bottom, and is very effective in the nonstick department. It just loves the high heat of my burners. And my husband loves it too(so I get dinner cooked for me!)I highly recommend the Swiss Diamond nonstic
Absolutely FANTASTIC!. I would rate this a 10 if I could!I have waited a month before writing this review, to make sure I liked it and I absolutely love it! It is the best mattress I have ever had.I have had regular, pillow top, waterbed, and even one of those adjustable air ones (that was our last one that this replaced) and this mattress beats the others hands down.Like many others, I have back problems and could not sleep longer then 4 or 5 hours without waking up so sore it was difficult to straighten up. With this mattress I have yet, no matter how long I am in it, to wake up with a sore back. Plus it is definitely  a much more restful sleep. The ONLY trouble I have with it is I have a bad right rotor cuff and I like to sleep with my arm extended up under my pillow and since I toss and turn WAY less then on the others my shoulder is quite sore if I fall asleep with it up there because I don't move around on this mattress.Yes it is "firm" I guess to someone that likes them soft and cushy. But after you lay in one spot it almost cuddles you. One thing, the colder your bedroom the stiffer it is and the longer it takes to "settle" in.There is smell to it when it is new.....we thought it was almost like a freshly painted room smell but certainly wasn't offensive to us, but to some I guess it would be, to each their own.The only problem we had with the whole deal is that somehow Fed Ex had the wrong address, completely wrong town. Whether it was Fed Ex or Sleep Shop I'm not sure, more inclined to believe it was Fed Ex since they told me on my initial call to them that the mattress had never been picked up by them. Come to find out it actually had been and it was stuck in transit due to weather conditions. A single call to Sleep Shop and the young lady that answered the phone (YES!!! A REAL LIVE PERSON ANSWERED THE PHONE!! THANK YOU!!!! )took the info and got right on Fed Ex and straightened out everything in no time at all and called me back right away. GREAT SERVICE Sleep Shop!!!As a further testimonial.....my 23yo son like ours so much within days he ordered a full size 12 inch and he loves his too. He says the same thing, he has yet to wake up with a sore back no matter how long he sleeps in it.Now granted everyone is not going to like the same things. But if you like a fairly firm mattress that cuddles and supports you no matter what your shape then do not hesitate to get this mattress. Great mattress, great price and great service!!! THANK YOU SLEEP SHOP and AMAZON!!!
A Lap Saver!. My husband found this product while tinkering around on the internet one day, and since I've never been crazy about the idea of so much heat being concentrated on his lap while he uses his laptop, we decided to give it a whirl. What a great purchase! I never realized just how much heat is thrown off by the computer. If you touch the top of the lapinator after words it feels oven hot.You simply place the laptop on the little rubber nubs on the top of the lapinator and let it shield you. If your a fidgeter, like myself, you may want to check now and again to make sure it hasn't slipped. My husband also loves to use it with his wireless mouse since he has another computer hooked up to the tv.The lapinator shipped very quickly. We had no problems and recieved a very nice e-mail from the company telling us our order had shipped and asking how we heard of the lapinator. I've been very pleased
I LOVE this food processer. This is the third processor I have owned and the one I like the best.  It is easy to clean, easy to operate and does a great job on the big veggies.  I love the way it grips on to my counter and stays put.  I recommend it highly and you cant beat the price
Great Coffeemaker!. We are very happy with the Cuisinart DCC-2200 Brew Central Coffeemaker. We have gone through a few machines; and so far this one stands out at the top. It's easy to use, brews quickly and is durable. If I were to have any complaint it would be the plastic lid on the coffee pot itself. It is sometimes a little tricky to pop on and off. All in all a great product. My wife and I would both reccommend it
DIGTIL THERMOMETOR. IT IS BETTER THEN I HOPED IT WORD BE, E'Z TO READ AND PROGRA
Beautiful Drinkware Set. Dear Amazonians,When I was shopping for amenities for my new home, I came across this set at Bloomindale's.  I was drawn to the sleek beauty of these glasses, as well as their heavy and rugged design.  Recently, when I went out to a bar located at a high-end hotel in the city, I noticed that even they used Galassia drinkware.  A good sign!I would highly recommed this set, even for home use, as it provides a sleek, sexy look to any table setting.  Guests will be impressed, as many house guests of mine have commented on my drinkware.Cheers!--Danie
Your dog will stop pulling on the leash Immediately!. This product is a God send for those people who have a dog that pulls on the leash and thereby making walking the dog a struggle!  Dogs naturally will tug against restraint.  Former methods of using a choke collar or even worse a harsh coller that will cut into the dogs neck if it pulls are cruel in my opinion as is the method of jerking the dog back if it pulls.  Dogs do not like to have thier heads turned if they pull.  They will IMMEDIATELY stop pulling!  I admit that initially my dogs didn't like the collar over the nose, but that passes quickly.  This is not a muzzle in any way.  It gently and humanely stops the tugging and you will have happy walks!  This product is a blessing!  You will love it
Love this pizza cutter!!!. I am so glad we decided to purchase this pizza cutter!   Cutting pizza is a breeze with the strong and sharp blade, and it can be used for a variety of other things also...  I like to use this for cutting sandwiches, slicing quesadillas, and to cut up different foods for my toddler such as pancakes, burritos, and much more.  I love the way it can just slice through anything ONE time, without having to run the blade over and over the same place like I've had to do with our previous pizza cutter.  I love its durable weight, the grip on this is awesome, and I would highly recommend it to anyone
Great Waffle Maker. I purchased this waffle maker in early December as a gift for my husband, who was on a quest for the perfect waffle.  Right out of the box it made the thick fluffy waffles we were hoping it would make.  They were a full 1 1/2" thick, and crispy on the outside.  We had found Waffle Perfection!  I only gave it 4 stars due to the fact that 3 weeks after we started using it, it quit heating up.  However, since we had purchased it through Amazon.com, the Amazon.com customer service team really stepped up and we had a new waffle maker within a week.  The new one is producing perfect waffles as well, going on 3 weeks now. We are hoping that it will continue for a very long time, and our first waffle maker just had a manufacturing defect
A happy fish!. I purchased a Marina Betta Kit from my local PetSmart. I wanted to get the optional light that you see on the side of the box, but they don't carry it in the store-does that make sense? So that began the hunt.....I found the light on Amazon, and decided to give it a try. I received the light yesterday, and I have to say that I am pleasantly surprised! It heats beautifully, and it has a soft mellow light. Looking at it, it dosen't look like much, but it has heated the water 10 degrees in less that 24 hours, and it is not melting the top of the container or anything! Really cool
Great wine rack!. Definitely recommend this product to others. Stylish and holds wine and my wine glasses! Everyone who's come over has said they loved it.
