An absolutely critical issue. Robert Thomas has given a call to evangelicals to realize that in their ranks that some have been changing the rules for the worse, the rules that should be followed in interpreting the Bible. Hermeneutics, the set of rules or principles for proper interpretation of God's revelation, is SO FOUNDATIONAL to everything else that it can be argued that the concerns Thomas raises makes this work the most crucial one today, other than the Bible itself, because everything else is built on it.There may be some refinements that others could make in this topic, and one could hope that Thomas or someone else will address these issues also in a more popular work, but this book should form a strong foundation for any such future efforts.Without question, I believe that anyone concerned with accurately understanding what God has revealed to His creatures, needs to be aware of these concerns, and those in positions of influence to guide the Church, seminary and other  professors, pastors, Christian leaders, CANNOT ignore its implications.  They need to understand what has been happening  and take action to shore up the foundation and protect the propositional truth that God has given us in His Word.
Laugh out loud hilarious. Me Talk Pretty One Day is one-third amusing, one-third funny and one third absolutely laugh out loud hilarious. Whether retelling a story about his cussing brother, his experience with a speech therapist or a class of non-native speakers of French trying to explain Easter to a classmate, David Sedaris knows exactly what to focus on to hit a person right in the funny bone.  Although two of his previous novels, Barrel Fever and Dress Your Family in Corduroy and Denim, contain stories with similar themes, they are not nearly as funny, maybe due to their tendency toward more restricted/adult themes.  Those who plan to give David Sedaris' humor a try should choose this one
Excellent information regarding Georgia's life. Well written book and excellent research.  Enjoyed very much
An Outstanding Reference Source on Political Economy: A Skilfully Collated 2 Volume Work of Distinction by Professor O'Hara. Nowadays, a vast amount of complex information is offered to us. With the advent of the Internet and other forms of immediate communications so much information and perspectives are available. Unfortunately, new forms of knowledge replace old forms quite rapidly, and it's getting harder to find out which particular theory or idea is "truth" and which isn't. Therefore, as knowledge complexity and knowledge obsolescence rises, it's becoming increasingly difficult for human beings to understand the world we live in and solve the concoction of problems we face. But, there are bits of knowledge out there that seldom go out of date and stand the test of time; and it's sitting right here on my bookshelf, the Encyclopedia of Political Economy. To me, the Encyclopedia of Political Economy (EPE for short) is the best source of reference for political economy to date. It has been an invaluable authoritative reference source in my later undergraduate and postgraduate college studies of political economy. The EPE is an important landmark in scholarly development in political economy. My preference is the paperback edition as it is easy to flip through and has an attractive colorful front cover!The EPE is an easy to use 2 volume set which is suitable as an introduction for concerned students and activists whom are interested in the social and political effects of economic policy. You should find the entries uncomplicated to understand, and after reading several of them you'll get use to the consistent format and feel that each one has. Any political economic issue you want to gain knowledge on is readily accessible. Various links on closely associated topics and further suggested readings are provided for all entries. For instance, throughout the text in the entry "environmental and ecological political economy: major contemporary themes", there are virtual hyperlinks to other areas of special interest: e.g. entropy; sustainable development; natural capital; or Ecological Economics. Plus, at the end of each section, related topics are provided to further direct the reader onto related areas of interest. For example, under the "gross domestic product and net social welfare" entry, some of the related topics such as "household production and national income" and "quality of life" have their own entry in the EPE. With over 450 essays on most aspects of political economy written by experts in the field, you would be sure to find what you are looking for.In summary, we are faced with a large amount of choice in the information we accept as true. In the process we are forced to limit our choices of knowledge and select only the most relevant to what we value and believe. One of those things I value is a greater social welfare for all living creatures; the EPE contributors embrace this too. I personally give the EPE 5-stars. But you don't have to take my good word for it; here are some extracts from several reviews of the EPE, including one from the very prestigious Economic Journal.*	Journal of Economic Issues (vol 37, no 4, December 2003, pp. 1186-1188): "The publication of this encyclopedia underscores the extent to which political economy has come of age. ... This encyclopedia compares very favorably to the New Palgrave: A Dictionary of Economics (1987). ... When compared with The Concise Encyclopedia of Economics ..., this encyclopedia has more depth and a greater appreciation of the range of topics relevant to economics. ... This is an excellent reference source, well suited for the non-specialist seeking to understand political economy. It should be available in all university libraries and departments of economics or political economy" (Mayo Toruno, California State University - San Bernadino).*	Economic Journal (vol 110, no 467, November 2000, pp. F765-766): "These [issues] collectively constitute the life-blood of contemporary economic concerns and it is extremely useful to find within a single book a discussion of the major points that define these issues. ... [W]here the Encyclopedia of Political Economy comes into its own is in an institutionally richer treatment of topics ... To the growing number of persons who are interested in the broader context of economics, these volumes are to be highly recommended" (p. F767, vol 110, no 467, Nov 2000).*	Journal of Australian Political Economy, (no 43, 2000, pp. 148-149): "This handsome two-volume encyclopedia is an impressive stocktaking of the main concerns of political economy ... Certainly, the publication of this encyclopedia is a major landmark in the long march to develop an influential alternative to orthodox neoclassical economics" (no 43, 2000).*	History of Economics Review (no 37, Winter 2003, pp. 159-162): "It is a tribute to [O'Hara's] energy that the work was initially planned and organised by him ... There are indeed a number of useful and interesting articles. ... [T]his is a useful collection which will feature on the reading lists of many political economy courses and, hopefully as well, on the shelves of many research libraries in universities around the world" (Peter Groenewegan, University of Sydney, Australia).*	New Political Economy (vol 7, no 2, 2002, pp. 299-307 "Review Article"):  "[This] encyclopedia tells an interesting story about [its] purported discipline's past, its current status and, more ambitiously, its future trajectory. ... The result is a well-demarcated intellectual legacy for political economy to draw upon in its efforts to reclaim a disciplinary mantle. ... [T]ese volumes provide ... the A-Z of our discipline, nicely condensed and sitting right there on our shelf. This is quite an achievement" (Randall D. Germain, University of Wales, UK)*	The European Journal of the History of Economic Thought (vol 7, no 3, 2000): "The Encyclopedia ... is ...a forum for innovative work. [M]ost of the essays ... seem to be thoughtfully and richly informed. [P]articularly the entries on money, credit and finance are worth reading. There are undoubtedly important points being made in these essays. Even the specialist in monetary theory will benefit from reading various portions" (Thomas Huth, Fachhochschulke Luneburg, Germany).*	Eastern Economic Journal (vol 29, no 4, Fall 2003, pp. 629-630): "All entries are organised in the same way. There is thus much formal unity and ... impressive editorial work has been done to this end. The entries are well written. ... I find this encyclopedia definitely original and interesting. It is also stimulating" (Michel De Vroey, Catholic University of Louvain, Belgium).
interesting, but gruesome, in some places, type of book. This book, part series guide; part primer on forensic science, gives some of the scientific background to C.S.I.. (Crime Scene Investigation) and now, also, C.S.I. Miami, as well as other movies and shows; where science and criminology meet. Gives fairly good explanations, although some are left out, maybe because anyone who watches these shows has heard terms, for example, &quot;bindle&quot; [a piece of paper or some small envelope, used for evidence collection].  Some of the &quot;real life&quot; cases, as contrasted to some of the episodes, are pretty gruesome and not recommended for everyone. Great for fans of the shows [like me] or anyone moderately curious about how some crimes are solved
A Fun Holiday Story. Katherine O'Connor loves Christmas.  So much so that she has turned her ability to write charming Christmas letters into a second job.  Understandably, she gets upset when she hears her sister is forgoing severing holiday traditions based on a book by Dr. Wynn Jeffries about child rearing.  Katherine thinks the book and the doctor's theories are laughable.  However, when she comes face to face with the man, she finds him to be much different than she expected.  He's irresistible, and he thinks she is, too.  Can these two find enough middle ground, or are they too different for love to triumph?As always, Debbie Macomber writes vivid and heartwarming characters.  Katherine is smart and spirited.  Wynn has a sense of humor and a strong sense of self.  Most wonderful, perhaps, are the secondary characters.  The eccentric LaVonne and the aging hippie Max are funny and charming.  All together, they create a fabulous world for this story to unfold.The love story between Katherine and Wynn is quite engaging.  Debbie Macomber fans will love the romantic settings and witty dialogue.  However, due to the shortened length of this book, the resolution of the conflict is abbreviated and a bit unrealistic.  Also due to the length, the entertaining secondary characters are lost in the final chapters.  Because Ms. Macomber created such compelling characters, it is understandable the reader would feel cheated not seeing the resolution to their storylines.  Still, fans of romance and Ms. Macomber's stories will love this book and will cheer for Katherine and Wynn to overcome the odds and find their happy ending.Reviewed by Joelle Charbonneau-Blanco9/28/2006
Clay Feet, Wrong Bullets, CIA's African War. By the former Chief of the Angola Task Force at CIA, this book is a classic on the Keystone Kops aspects of paramilitary operations as run by the CIA&quot;s Special Operations Group within the Directorate of Operations, as well as the lack of contextual judgment that accompanies  the CIA's decisions to &quot;get into&quot; local conflicts that are none  of our business.  Ammunition from the warehouses that doesn't fit the  weapons in the field is just the beginning
The Truth--Finally!. Haynes and Klehr tell a story that few acknowledge and it concerns the fetish that many of our professiorial anti-elite have towards the Soviet Union.  These academics lie and minimize, and follow it up with indoctrinating those youth who are unfortunate enough to take their classes at the university.  They recognize that a solid study of communism and the USSR would result students being eternally grateful that they live in the west as opposed to elsewhere.  This may be precisely the reason that radicals distort and relativize objective history.  Kudos to Klehr and Haynes for producing this valuable work.  Incidentally, some of you may recognize a section that is quite familiar concerning the way the left manufacted the phrase "Premature Antifacists." It was supposedly stamped on the army files of those who served in the Abraham Lincoln Brigade in Spain after they then enlisted in the American army during WW II.  It's a nice tale but that's exactly what it is.  This ruse was merely a way to demean our military. The chapter originally appeared in a 2002 article in The New Criterion and it is an engaging page turner. In Denial is worth every penny
from 5 stars to 2... On my previous review here, I had read very little of the book. Now I've delved further into it.Where I had initially seen reason to feel hopeful about the meanings discussed, I now see fundamental error.Bohm should stick to physics. His basic error is in anthropomorhizing the elements under examination
Conroy's First Novel...and a Legend Begins... This is a wonderful novel. Published in 1976 when Conroy was 30, The Great Santini marked the debut of a talented writer and born storyteller.To those who are well acquainted with Conroy, this novel (like all his others) is autobiographical in content. This is the story of Lt. Col. Bull Meecham, United States Marine Corps fighter pilot and his family. Meecham runs his family like a squadron. His word is law and he is the ultimate authority. Any family who dare dissents from Bull's view will suffer his wrath. The novel is, at the core, a family story. Bull, his lovely wife Lillian and their four children, Ben the oldest, Mary Ann, Karen and young Matt. Ben feels all the pressure as the Colonel pushes his son to be the best and will not tolerate any backtalk.The story moves along at a fine pace and the characters are fully developed whether they are the main characters or supporting ones.It is interesting to note that it is Conroy's only novel that was written in the third person, and, unlike other first novels, it does not suffer from the standard problems that usually go with debuts.The one thing that impresses me the most is that Conroy's Marine Corps scenes ring with absolute authority. A difficult achievment for a writer who didn't serve in the Corps. No doubt he had witnessed much Marine Corps activity when going to bases in the company of his father (Col. Don Conroy, USMC Ret. dec.).Pick this book up if you can. It's a genuine slice of life book that both entertains and enlarges your view of the world
Death on the Nile Plot Brief and Review. Murder on the Orient Express by Agatha ChristieThis is one of Agatha Christie's most recognized works. Like most of her mystery works, the plot is built around detective Hercule Poirot. An uncanny sequence of events leaves Poirot on a train on route to London from Istanbul called the Orient Express. The train is forced to make an overnight stop in the middle of its tracks because a snow storm had left a pile up of snow in the upcoming tracks that disallowed the train to continue on its path. That morning, wakes up to find that Ratchett, a man to whom he had refused protection services earlier in the trip because of his reputation of being an evil man, had been stabbed to death. Poirot takes the case and is determined to solve it. As clues, he uses the many peculiar noises that had disturbed his sleep that night and things marked with names and initials that seem to have been left behind by the murderer. But Poirot later finds out that these things are only proof that Ratchett was living with a double identity, a scheme that would have be motivation enough for someone aboard the Orient Express to kill this two-faced man. Who really was this man? And what atrocity could he have committed that required him to change his name and hide his real identity? Before Detective Poirot identifies any suspects, he has to answer those questions.The setting, the lead up to the murder, and the never-ending twists make this the great murder mystery that it is. Christie sets up the murder to take place pretty much in the middle of nowhere but at the same time in a civil society. This gives the novel a thrilling and suspenseful ambience of being amongst a murderer in the train in the middle of a snow storm. Christie also makes this novel a page turner by giving each of the characters in the train detailed and consistent characteristics but making it possible for the characters to perform twisting unexpected behavior without losing the reliability of the author's character descriptions. Without telling the reader directly, Christie is able to instill the idea that no one on the train may be trusted. Christie makes vivid images of each scene and does not state much directly. She only narrates the character's actions and allows the reader to imply that character's characteristics. By doing this she does not throw off any suggestions at who the guilty or the innocent may be.Of the three Agatha Christie novels I have read, I find Murder on the Orient Express to be the best one. When reading this I felt that I was another detective Poirot on the scene. Because all the facts and details of the plot are not stated and can only be assumed by the reader, I felt that as a reader I was to judge each event as I thought was more logical. It is really the kind of book that grabs you and will not let you go.
a fascinating and challenging book. This is a wonderful book.  Nearly every page introduces me to something new, and thus broadens my conception of what it means to be a human being.  Flipping through it at random reveals photos of gigantic Syrian water  wheels, Dogon granaries, Spanish arcades, desert fortresses in Morocco,  Italian hill towns, and hollowed-out baobab trees used as homes.  The book  is far more than a mere collection of curiosities, though: it is a  challenge to our narrow conceptions of what makes a building or a city  "legitimate."  The book goes on to challenge us on even more fundamental  levels: it radically expands one's exposure to alternate forms of  living/urbanism/social networks, and exposure to the different social forms  of the past always causes me to think heavily upon the ways in which the  ones of our own time might be deficient  (The incredible diversity of  building styles depicted in this book are jeopardized and in some cases  destroyed by the rise of tourism and the global marketplace; a trend that  has already done irreperable damage to some of these cultures at the time  the text was written.)  A slim but important book, a celebration of human  diversity, and a call for increased attention towards both our own  lifestyles and the ones we endanger
Not A Book for "Couch" Potatoes!!!!!!!!. This book should be mandatory reading for anyone thinking about attempting to acquire the Trident Pin.  Warrior Elite is very well written and is easy to follow.  Towards the end he does tend to go into too much detail but by an large he keeps the reader very interested.  It is no wonder why only 13% of the original class of 228 successfully made it through without setbacks.  You don't have to be a military veteran (which I am a proud one) to appreciate this book.  If anything, the reader is given countless reasons to appreciate these extraordinary men.  From indoctrination to all three phases, Couch provides the reader details of exactly what these gentlemen go through.  Outstanding book that I guarantee will keep your attention -- that or you'll be doing push-ups
Life changing,Indeed!. I first read this over ten years ago and it blew me away. Still does. It's hard to keep a copy in the house, because I've probably given away 30 copies to friends and aquaintences. This book totally changed my concept on the gospel of grace. It's a joy to live in the freedom of being a "ragamuffin." All roads in this book point to Christ as the key to understanding and living in HIS light. Thanks Brennan for this extraordinary book
The Best of Many. Tha Authors are intelligent, well informed, experienced and highly capable in the field of digital photography and the use of Photoshop CS2 at the professional level.  The book is comprehensive and clearly written.  Despite its length, the authors' styles are conducive to learning the use of this complicated program creatively and efficiently. I recommend the book to those who are motivated to learn Photoshop CS2 at an advanced level and who want to understand the principles behind the techniques as well as the keystrokes. I wish this was the first book I read on the subject. Live and learn
This is an awesome book. In this book Samantha Power focuses on the history of genocide in the 20th Century and the American government's responses in a way that goes beyond simply recounting the horrific details. By juxtaposing these two elements the book lead me to view this ever-current topic - the penchant to kill ethnicities - in a way that left me asking questions I'd never thought to ask before.I am no stranger to the topic of genocide. My grandmother escaped the Turkish/Kurdish slaughter and deportation of Armenians in 1915 and told us her tale until she died at 94! The best revenge is survival. But Power's book raised questions in my mind that are generally left from the discourse of American life.How do we respond to genocide? Are we people of a nation or people of the world? Should a politically-constructed border really justify inaction? And if we resolve to take action, what is that action? Is force alone enough? Or do we need a paradigm shift in our view of our responsibility to human beings across the globe?A Problem From Hell is a profound book. I thought and felt things I'd never considered before.I highly recommend this book. Every page expanded my view of the world.
A FRESH LOOK AT OUR WORLD THRU AN EMERGING NEW SCIENCE!. Five AMAZING Stars!! Welcome to the brave new world of "Social Neuroscience"! This book may change the way you see life, relationships, and how you approach both! In "Social Intelligence", the companion volume to the highly successful and informative "Emotional Intelligence", award-winning author Dr. Daniel Goleman examines the emerging science of Social Neuroscience and reveals it's most basic concept: "we are wired to connect" with each other. Our brains are "sociable" and interact, from the basic one-to-one relationship to those relationships much more complex and layered. He then tells us specifically how this happens in our everyday lives. From the bedroom to the boardroom to recreational activities and beyond, it's always there affecting us. Even more importantly, the book shows how the direct one-on-one neural bridge between two people emotionally affects the brain of the other person. That emphasis is how this book differs from "Emotional Intelligence" which dealt with what happens within the individual. Each individual social interaction becomes a mental thermostat, affecting both specific parts of the brain and individual emotional functions with each changing situation. Each new situation will "reset key aspects of our brain function as they orchestrate our emotions" each time. While each discussion gets technical, Dr. Goleman gives specific simple examples of everyday occurrences that we all can recognize and which reinforces his points.We can take this information and use it: at work, at home, in our relationships with friends, lovers, or strangers. Eye-opening findings abound, as well as things we have long suspected which are proven in the book. All of which occurs in normal environments or in environments where individuals are increasingly isolated by their cars, their TV, or their headphones whether in a crowd or alone. "Social Intelligence" is loaded with interesting findings, challenging concepts, and individual bits of data that most readiers will find fascinating. And best of all the "hidden patterns" that emerge. That alone will make this book rewarding for readers of almost any particular leaning, because it enlightens us about our "social brains" in this complex world. The identification by Dr. Goleman of the situational functioning of specific parts of the brain in this regard is quite stunning. This book does a wonderful job of giving us the latest findings and concepts from this field of Social Neuroscience. Highly recommended! Five HUGE  Stars!!(This review is based on an Ebook digital download in Adobe Reader 7. Save a tree, download your books!
U of Chicago economics theory meets the real world, mostly succeeds. Despite what I am about to say about the downsides of Friedman's approach, this is a book well worth reading.  It's just a bit too sure that it has revealed all we need to know about motivations behind behaviors.  On that point, I'm unconvinced.  More on that in a moment.As noted by most reviewers, he does a credible job in the first part of the book explaining the basics of economics.  The graphs are a bit difficult if it is the reader's first exposure to economics, but I found his verbal explanations to be clear and compelling.He then goes on to apply this knowledge to a panoply of real world situations.  His discussions on taxation, pollution, and product liability are quite thought provoking.  If the reader isn't rethinking some cherished beliefs by this point, then he is either is already a U of C economics diehard or didn't pay enough attention.  Capital stuff!I wish he had left out the very last section of the book.   There he applies the same rationalistic approach to behaviors such as gift giving or punishing drug users.  He fails to satisfy in both cases.He's largely puzzled why people choose to give gifts to people they like rather than money.  He offers 'paternalism' as a possible explanation, but since paternalism's rewards seemingly can't be measured in terms of value, he gives up the topic, moves on, and leaves the reader hanging.  Well developed theories of the basis of social power from psychology offer more well developed and satisfying explanations of gift giving and are also borne out in well run experiments.Similarly, it would seem that his beliefs applied to the question of drugs would make legalization the most rationale path.  Surprisingly, he only wants to discuss the punishment alternatives for hard drug usage because he assumes that all hard drug users steal to support their habits.  This then enables him to analyze the cost to society which then enables him to examine a range of punishment alternatives.  That's fine as far as it goes, but it begs the discussion for the vast majority of illegal drug users who stick to so-called soft drugs.  It also leaves unspoken whether all illegal drugs ought to be legal for people wealthy enough not have to steal to support their illegal purchases.There's a whole range of widespread human behaviors which cannot be explained satisfactorily by this type of analysis.  Using hard drugs, participating in extremely dangerous sports, and masochism come to mind.So the 'uber-explanation' of all human behaviors in the last section of the book takes away substantively from the rest of the book.  Since this train of thought in the first 80% of the book has lept from economics to the theory of law over the last 25 years via scholars such as Posner and Coase, it now influences much public policy discussion and judicial thinking today.  For that reason alone, this book is worth reading.  This is not 'just about economics' just as it is not 'all you need to know about what motivates human behavior'
The simplest things can be hardest to master. The simplest things can be hardest to master, from telling a story to understanding etiquette: no more, with The Expert's Guide To 100 Things Everyone Should Know How To Do, a "listener friendly" collection of easy pointers on everything from painting a room to maintaining health. Various experts contribute essays to the cause of efficiency, which receive fine narration by Paula Parker and others, and which make it easy to simplify tasks.
Good for brands, good for trademarks. The excellent book "The 22 Immutable Laws of Branding," by Al Ries and Laura Ries, states that "A branding program should be designed to differentiate your cow from all of the other cattle on the range.  Even if all the cattle on the range look pretty much alike."  Good branding can separate your cow from the other cattle, but many companies fail to follow Ries and Ries's immutable laws.  If you choose a good brand by following the guidance given by Ries and Ries, then you will also end up with a good trademark for your brand
A Childhood: The Biography of a Place. I would suggest this book to anyone who has ever read anything published by Harry Crews; specifically to those who haven't read anything by him, but who are interested in this magnificent author.  After reading it, I found myself wondering how Crews was able to escape childhood, much less become of the the greatest Southern authors since Faulkner.  Truly a fantastic book that will stand the test of time and inevitably cast Crews as one of the greatest authors of the 20th century
A beautiful work of fiction. This book is  written beautifully, the parallels of the narrator and the diaries of his Grandparents are wonderfully portrayed.An engaging book about past and present.  The struggles of life in 1970 and life in 1877. The Grandson with bone disease is obsessed about writing his Grandparents history.Much of this book is written in letters to Augusta, Susan's best friend.  Susan and Oliver start out in 1877 with many hopes and dreams, but as life often has it, there are disappointments and heartaches.  There was much to appreciate about moving to the West, there was also much to fear.I recommend this book to anyone who wants to read a brilliant novel by Mr. Stegner.
the book is usefull. I am a gardener (for research) in China,these days I thought of using ferns on landscafe,I have know few about how to grow the ferns before.By a chance,I read the book at a professor's home,'Oh,it is very usefull for me!',I thought at the same time.But...but I dont know how to get the book. I think the book is very usefull for all the people who like the ferns,or the people who want to grow the ferns
A first-rate gem of a book. The marketers and public relations firms of this world are constantly improving the myriad of ways they have to get inside your head and manipulate you to their way of thinking. This book looks at some of them.Today's supermarkets intentionally place popular items, like milk and bread, as far from the entrance as possible. That way, the shopper must pass all those impulse items at the end of each aisle. Also, they are subjected to muzak tracks that will cause them to ignore their shopping lists and stay longer. Have you ever heard of the Gruen Transfer? It describes the moment when a shopper loses control of the decision-making process, characterized by suggestibility and glazed eyes. It is at this time that a shopper is most likely to make an unplanned purchase.At the local sports stadium, is there any surface, except for the player's uniforms and the field itself, that doesn't have a corporate logo? You have probably seen Video News Releases, slick corporate promotions and government messages designed to look like news, even if you have never heard of them. The book also looks at how to engineer public opinion, through front groups, paid experts and targeted messages.Ebay has said that will ignore their own privacy policy if law enforcement is looking for information on a specific person, and hand over that information without a court order. Everyone is familiar with cookies, spam and spyware on your computer. Not everyone knows that Kazaa software embeds extra, hard-to-find, programs on your computer. They send information on your viewing habits to third-party servers. Advertising and subliminal messages are among the newest trends in computer games. This book also includes a list of actual patents for inventions that involve "regulated subconscious behavioral control by invisible means."This is a first-rate gem of a book. It is really easy to read. While some might consider the information in this book common knowledge, it is still a rather spooky look at how well They have gotten inside our heads. It is very much recommended.
Important Distinctions for Leader, Manager, Individual. What a pleasant surprise this book is.  I admit I was reluctant to pick it up because in my experience as a management consultant there is always more than "One Thing" to managing a situation successfully. So I found the premise questionable.  However the book came highly recommended and Buckingham's First Break All the Rules was so useful and succinct that I decided to give it a try.  I'm glad I did.Buckingham has a gift for narrative, choosing stories that are engaging and illustrate his point.  The average-person nature of his anecdotes is appealing. We all work with regular people, and there is so much to be learned from what they do well.  He is a tad self-deprecating which is entertaining from someone so high profile, admitting for example that he is not a good coach.  "The annoying thing about people is that... they are works in progress.  And to me this progress is frustratingly hard to detect."He even uses typical story telling techniques like building up the suspense, (ok not that much suspense, but entertaining still).  In this book he once again uses data to pare down the issue to the essence of good leadership, then good management, and good individual success.  The issue of individual success is frequently overlooked in management and leadership books, and a useful addition.The combination of author humility, data, and story telling anecdotes adds up to a wonderful result.  By weaving in anthropology and neurology, the subject matter is more complete. I appreciate that the leadership vs. management debate is avoided by instead, focusing on the contributions of each.  They are different, and both are essential.  I recommend this book.
This is a 'Must Read'. John Steinbeck is a genius and a master of the English language. Please make sure to include this novel on your list of 'must-reads'. It will not let you down
A Beautiful Enchanted Deck!. Once again, Doreen has put together beautiful artwork from various artists and added inspired messages which are different enough from her other decks that it makes it worth adding this one to your collection. Water scenes with realistic mermaids are depicted in beautiful blues. Other ocean landscapes are pictured as well, each one resonating with its own vibrance.Originally I bought this deck for two of my younger nieces. After viewing the deck I decided I needed a deck of my own. I have done many readings with this deck with much success! The messages are well received and valued by my clients
An Answer to Prayer. This book was an answer to prayer for me.  I think it is just excellent and very understandable for the average person.  However, I suggest you read it and reread it several times before trying the program. There are  many ideas in the book that are hard to remember the first time through. If  you don't fully understand it, you might make some mistakes and then tend  to think it doesn't work.  For instance, I missed the part about not using  tuna in broth and it really set off cravings. I was tempted to blame the  diet. When I discontinued the tuna, it was the difference of day and night.   It is a book where you find some new tidbit every time you reread it. It  is working well for me and I have lost 12 pounds in two weeks. I am looking  to find or form a support group here in town for more ideas and recipies
This book is awesome!. I have been blessed (or, at times, cursed) with rare insight myself, and am not easily impressed by others who claim to have it. Rob Bell, however, truly has a gift; and he is using it to call people back to their relationship with God. Rob uses simple analogies to show us how easy it is to connect with God, and he tells us it is okay to explore, test, and probe (think out of this culture's "norm"). Rob just gets you thinking, and he reminds us that God wants us to think about Him, and relate to Him. Practice makes perfect.If we are ever to be able to discern God's unique message for each of us, it remains our responsibility, as individual's, to search for and connect with God's Holy Spirit that IS in each of us. Don't get hung up on the believing the "this and thats" of various, religious doctrines; get into the "believing IN" God, period; because God is love, and He loves us. Rob shows us the baby steps, toward the knowing and loving of God, that God has made available to us through the simple things in life. Okay, now I'm getting preachy.The book is so good, and Rob does such a great job, that I must admit some skepticism. I almost wait for the other "shoe to drop"  (isn't that terrible of me?). I am hoping the relatively young Rob doesn't "screw" his gifts up by reading too much into his abilities, and eventually going off the deep end with the "holier than thou", I know THE Truth, type of evangelism we are all too familiar with (and have been hurt by).I, myself, get a "high" from reading books that, though they challenge my comprehension and suck my energy, talk in depth about concepts regarding philosophy and Christology. However, this book, while not long, philosophical, preachy, or textual, has definite impact and is invigorating! WELL worth the money! Thank you, Rob! Please, keep up the good work!
Reading is addictive (So what!). It was wonderful reading Maureen Corrigan, NPR's Fresh Air book critic, debut memoir book "Leave Me Alone, I'm Reading."  I was drawn to her book because the title is something that I say often to my family and friends who think I read too much.  I tell them I learn something from everything I read and this book was no exception.  Moreover, it was good to read a book by someone who is a compulsive reader like I am.As an avid reader, the "mystery/ thriller/crime" genre is my favorite.  This genre gives me a more realistic look into real world issues than other genres.  Though people believe this genre is not as serious as others, I disagree.  They only need to read Ms. Corrigan memoir to get more insight into what this genre has to offer.The book was funny in many places and has a list of insightful books that I have ordered from the library or on-line to add to my reading pile.  I loved it that she gives you just a snippet of information about a book that is so informative that you just want to stop reading her book and go get the book she just described.  However, I did not do that.  I just kept a list while I was reading so that I could get them immediately after reading her book, which I did.  Ms. Corrigan knows how to analyze a book.The reason that I gave the book a "4" instead of a "5" is because some chapters dragged a little when she gave a detailed analysis of the "female extreme adventure stories."  Even though this information was good, it tended to go on for too many pages. I would have preferred a little more information on how she tackles the process of reviewing each book and the items she looks for.  In addition, I would have liked her to talk more about the different genres and their literary merits.Overall, this is the funniest book on reading that I can remember ever reading.  Moreover, if you are a compulsive reader, buy this book!  I hope that Ms. Corrigan publishes another book, specifically on reading insights and analyze of other books she has liked.  If she does, I will certainly buy it.
Crumbling Plantation house dripping with vines, ghosts..... I went looking for what Barbara Michaels has to offer: I wanted a modern &quot;gothic&quot; romance. I wanted a a creepy old house on a vast old Virginia plantation, dripping with creeper and ivy, with crumbling foundations and spooky attics. Something like an adult Nancy Drew. (I beg your pardon!) Ms Michaels always manages to set the perfect stage; regardless that the story flows excellent, the dialogues are excellent, too excellent. Ok, yeah, she misses the last star because the story wasn't the best---but atmosphere, my dear, is everything! I'll bet is was a joy to write this story and what a joy it was to read it. If you are looking for a book that has a little of everything....suspense, mystery, romance, etc. This is it. Graveyards, archaeology, family secrets....read on! Don't forget to check out her other stuff to! All in the same sort of line. The &quot;feminist&quot; heroine, the Mr. Rochester-type hero, the spooky background...ahhhh, the spooky background...
The book that changed comics (5 stars). Frank Miller's masterpiece, The Dark Knight Returns, starts with a ten-years-retired Bruce Wayne feeling "the monster" inside him grow restless and hungry as the world around him continues to get worse.  When Bruce can fight it no longer, Batman storms onto the scene, every bit as powerful and mythical as when he left.  Batman's return in DKR creates a media frenzy throughout the book that Miller uses to make all sorts of insightful political and social satire at a level that was unheard of at the time.  The media is the device through which the world of DKR (politically correct, violent, superficial, trite - in essence, everything the Reagan era was and came to represent) is revealed, emphasizing the triviality of the culture by featuring newscasters unable to wrap their minds around the enormity of the "gods" that not so long ago walked among the common people, doing extraordinary things.  DKR finds Frank Miller at the height of his artistic abilities with the art being every bit as resonant, symbolic, and meaningful as his storytelling.  Klaus Janson's inks work in perfect unison with Miller's pencils and Lynn Varley's bleak greys helped redefine coloring in comic books.  The Dark Knight Returns was the shot heard around the world for comics.  It opened up a whole new realm of ideas and levels of maturity for creators of mainstream comic books and made the genre infinitely more accessible to outside audiences; this alone would make Miller's perfectly realized DKR one for the ages but the amount of substance to this graphic novel goes far beyond that, putting it in a realm of work reached by only a few others through all of comics history
Comedic, Engrossing, and Well-Written. Since there are already many reviews about the actual storyline and characters, I'll focus this on what I thought about the writing and style of the novel. In short, I really, really liked it. Although I had been a big bookworm as a child, I have not read very much fiction as an adult because I did not find many books I really enjoyed. This book has sparked my interest again. I bought it on a Friday afternoon and kept reading until I finished it around midnight of the next day. This might stand out as one of my favorite books.The story was well-thought out and paced at a good speed. There are plenty of twists and turns, but not so many that it becomes confusing. And even the supporting characters are for the most part life-like and interesting. It's not all perfect, of course. There were some moments where I thought the reactions of the characters were a bit too flat and unrealistic when they encounter the magic that occurs at times, at least enough to stop and ask "Huh, what? Why?". But thankfully these are few and far between enough to not ruin the story or attachment to the characters. And best of all, it fits my ironic, hectic style of humor, and had many parts that I felt I even could relate to if I was in the characters' shoes.As a suggestion, I could see this book as a good gift to teenage readers. This was the first piece of work from Niel Gaimon that I'd read, and because of it I went on to read American Gods, which was his first book in this same "world". I didn't enjoy that one as much, but I would still recommend it for mature adult readers
An Excellent Book. Garrett has an eye and an ear for authentic Texas.  The story is told with great depth by a flawed but charming narrator, a man who unflinchingly shows us his heart, even when he doesn't understand its longings himself.  A really wonderful book
Genuine great introduction by bradmonk. If anyone wants to know how to develop, then this is a must. As a practising medium, clairvoyant and healer, this was a top up session for me but also confirmed thoughts and worries that you get when dealing with the public. You can feel the good vibes from this and the mediation and taking you to a place, even though I like more of a  natural place it certainly works for connecting to spirit. I have gone a stage further thanks to John Edwards and through my expereince have developed some free e-books on various subjects at [...] to help people, thanks to John Edwards the world is a magical place to learn.Love and lightBradmon
Typical: One of the best books ever. I first read "The Count of Monte Cristo" in fifth grade. I started with a five hundred or so paged version, knowing that it would be too hard for me to take on the entire book. I fell in love instantly. Unable to rip myself away from the book, I actually got yelled at by my parents for not coming to eat dinner.Two years later, in seventh grade, I decided that it was about time for me to read this entire, unabridged version. I sat for days, doing nothing but reading, and when I reemerged, I found that I was just as much in love as I had been two years before. I also found that this was going to be a long, wonderful relationship between myself and Dumas."The Count of Monte Cristo" is a wonderful book for several reasons. One is that it is exciting. There is constantly something going, and the story never fully stops (though it certainly slows at certain points in comparison to others). Another reason is that the characters are beautifully made. You have a wonderful main character; a young man who seems to have everything, but then everything crashes on him, and he is instead left a slightly sinister, frightening man. Another wonderful thing is that every character has their virtues, and their flaws, including our main character, whose need for revenge leads him to do not-so-noble things.There are few books that top "The Count of Monte Cristo". Read and enjoy. There's no way you can't help but fall in love
This is where it all began. I am lucky this was the first book i read written by J.R.R TOLKIEN, it was given as a present by a friend who insisted that this was the greatest book i would even read, he was almost right,this book was very interesting to me it was a kind of historical mythology,it give a very detail account of what happened in the first age and why! it's very much like the bible if i am permitted to compare,it begins with a great one and creator Illuvatar and his servants Ainur and their creations,songs of great power ect.., the great valar Manwe and the dark one Melkor who later became Morgoth, Feanor the eldar (first elves)who created a great gem called the Silmarillion, the envyous Melkor stoled it and fled to middle earth Feanor pursued and swore to reclaim the gem even if all his kins would die trying, he committed a very sinful act by slaying his kins men and was cursed, i have to tell you that while i loved this book at the end of it all it was but vain knowlege and empty.there are other interesting love stories in this bbok, such as the story of Beren and Luthien very romantic, you will learn of Turin a great warrior from the seeds of men, but all in all it's no different from reading Scandinavian or Greek mythology in some instances very similar ummmmh!! anyhow you have to read this book yourself and form your own opinions, no one can tell you what this book will be like it's all a matter of you intellectual ability and imagination that will make this book a classic or  just another novel, well that all laters folks
Eco at his best. Two essays are gems. First, the comparison of California/Getty Museum (hyperreality) with New Orleans. Reference frame provided by the not-yet-dead-traditions of W. Europe. Second, and best (from a scientist's  standpoint), is the essay on Tomasso, especially the ending
Great Read. This book was recommended to me by a friend. I loved it. It's extremely funny, beautifully written and a real page turner. It is also serious about environmental matters and shows an understanding of the threats from industrialisation and big business. Give yourself a treat--read it
Magnificent photographs and call for help to text!. I had heard of Mr. Wolfe before,but it wasn`t until today,when I got this book I saw his photographs. I definitly think he is comparable with my other favourites Lanting and Doubilet,if not better. This book is definitly not a small bad book! At a weight of more than 2 pounds and in a format not suitable for even my bookcase,it is a behemoth in nature photo books. It was pretty expensive,but belive me,it`s worth the money. The book is divided into seven chapters,after the beautifull introduction. Island and Ocean is the first,and it deals with the Galapagos Islands with fantastic iguanas,and also humpback whales,which are very impressive. Polar &amp; Subpolar,which is the second chapter,deals with cute polar bears and elephant seals that looks pretty fun,but also penguins,which are charmy animals. Savannah,Desert &amp; Steppe is also an impressive chapter that features lions,wild dogs and elephants of the african savannah. Here are also some funny australian lizards,among them a moloch which looks like an alien!Mountain is the fourth chapterm,and it has many beautifull views of animals with mountains in the background - perfect inspiration. Temperate shows the beauty of North America`s nature with bears,owls and wolves. Subtropical features the Indian Nature. Here there are an excellent picture of mating peacocks. The tiger enthusiast won`t be disappointed either. The final chapter deals with the tropical rainforests,the most diverse areas in the world. Many wild cats are included here,but also toucans and parrots,to not mention monkeys. Over all,I can almost classify this as a sequel to Lanting`s The Living Planet,but in new format and a new photographer. This is a real mammoth release that won`t make anyone disappointed. It also has interesting comments about the endangered species by different authors. I find it very inspiring and funny to look at. Everyone that sees it says:&quot;Can I look!&quot;. In such huge format,the full beauty of the image can be discovered. Every picture is like a poster!The book features a total of 150 species from 40 countries. Together with &quot;The Living Planet&quot; and &quot;Water Light Time&quot; it is the best photo book I have read so far. If Wolfe continues like this,I am pleased to see his future work
HISTORY!  Pearl Buck brought it alive for me in this novel. Pearl Buck did a good job of making me love the Dowager Empress.  The story is a wonderful but tragic love story in some part and left me with tears at the end.  It was fascinating too to imagine being inside the Chinese government during that when China was being dragged kicking into the modern world.  The transition from the Imperial splendor that Pearl Buck depicts so clearly in this novel to what is today the Forbidden City really took me
More Substance With Less Speculation. Edgar Leoni does a fine job with this book.  Rather than engaging in superfluous speculation and spiritualization, Leoni simply translates the quatrains directly from French/Latin into English, and then compares the predicted events with possible matches to history.  For predictions which haven't yet occurred, he gives an intelligent, straight-forward conclusion on its meaning, and does not hesitate to admit that some of the quatrains are simply to vague and obscure to pin down.  This is also one of the few Nostradamus books to include all of the quatrains, as well as the preface and Epistle to King Henry II, in the correct chronological order.  The index is very complete and easy to use.  The only drawback is that Leoni wrote this book in 1960- if only he know what the rest of the 20th century would bring
Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix. Rather dark and I worried alot about Harry but everything turned out O.K.  I love Jim Dale's telling of the story
A Fight For Survival (...). "We're really doing it, we're pirating the Grand Canyon of the Colorado," said Jessie, a 15 year- old girl at a juvenile camp called "Discovery Unlimited" or as the kids call it "Hoods in the Woods. Jessie isn't exactly a juvenile delinquent, she's there to get over her mother's death. In this thrilling story of survival, Jessie and her friends, learn to look out for each other and try to stick together. As they run away from Al, their instructor, they run low on food, and start to turn against each other in this chaotic novel.Each one of these seven teens, including Jessie, have a unique personality. Rita, a   New York thief. Adam is a red-headed Ninja. Star, has many superstitious  beliefs. Pug is a gung-ho, the kind of guy who loves the army. Troy is their leader. And nobody knows about Freddy.The author writes with a lot of dialogue. He also writes in constant first person. The author never wrote something that wasn't interesting. The only bad thing is that the beginning moved a little slow, but in chapter two it picked up fast.Will Hobbs tries to tell readers not to run away but to stick together unless you are being put into danger.The book Downriver by, Will Hobbs should be recommended for kids ten and up or kids with higher reading levels.
This is why good authors respected  RAH. When the book starts you can smell the scuz on Smythe. When it ends, you'll want to give him a statue
A Parent's Must Read for 2007. This is truly a Generation of MySpace with over 80 Million users...My wife got me this book as a present and I read the entire thing within days. This is a must read guide for parent who have teens.  This makes a great gift for any mom or dad or anyone who wants to learn about teens and the interent, specifically MySpace!
Wonderful Rain Forest. I felt that this was a wonderful book. I read this book to a third grade classroom and they all loved the story.  They especially loved the illustrations.  I loved the way all the animals seemed to blend in with  with the plants.  I would recommend this book to everyone.  This book is a  must see for all children and adults
Practical. This book was a practical How to PR book. We created an ew website www.livinginstyleonline.com. We have been using some of Marcia's strategies to promote our site. Incidently this review was one of her strategies. If you need to promote yourself or your company, I highly recommend this book
Great Resource for Teaching Business Math. Great Graphs and Sensational Statistics really made our 6th Grade Business Math unit very fun and interesting.  While charting commercials, dangling spoons, taking surveys, flipping coins and following the stock market...we learned all about how to present information in a form that others can understand.This is very REAL math that my child can use throughout his life - whether he's a weatherman, scientist, or business administrator!  We all need to learn how to present information clearly and effectively.Oh, and some statistical work is in there - means, medians, conducting a study and charting statistical results...highly recommended
Fun Read. Recreating the culture and times here is a big part of McCullough's success in writing this great book.  Earlier histories emphasized the Roeblings' interactions and obsessions, with great drama and effect.  While McCollough plays that card here, too, the book places the reader into the times much more effectively.  Yes, it's still about the father and son, but the people who contributed and benefitted play as great a role here.Very satisfying read - enjoy it
THE book to start with on Breast Cancer. This book has helped so many people I know when they found out that they or someone they loved had breast cancer.Since this book has come out, Dr. Mary Tagliaferri and Isaac Cohen have been doing impressive work at Bionovo (http://www.bionovo.com) to discover and develop new drugs for cancer and women's health. I have heard that they will be publishing a book about menopause that uses the same format as this book soon. What a useful book
A comprehensive, must-have for every woman leader. Enlightened Power feels like the most comprehensive book ever written on women and leadership. It provides perspective on leadership from over 40 successful women, allowing the reader to find infinite ways to reinforce their leadership behaviors or learn new ways to accelerate their skill level. Each of the chapters is unique, so as to allow for multiple learnings and reference points.
Good. As one reviewer put it, "word on time-management tools as well as valuable tips on organizing your life at home and improving your ability to communicate effectively."Ask my wife if I need to be more organized. The answer is YES.  The ideas in this book will help me at work and at home.
Part history--Part Folklore---very entertaining. In the early 1990's,Graham Hancock undertakes a search for the Ark of the Covenant--i.e. the receptacle holding two stone tablets imprinted by God with the ten commandments. The search ultimately leads Graham to Axum, Ethiopia, reported to be the final resting place of the Ark.Through research and site vists, Graham explains how the Ark arrived in Ethiopia which contrasts with other theories that the Ark was destroyed by the Babylonians or that the prophet Jeremiah hid the Ark on Mt. Nebo.The book poses some interesting questions. For example:1. Did Moses devise the Ark based on an Egyptian prototype found in King Tut's tomb.2. Is there evidence that the Templars searched for the Ark in Ethiopia and did they find it?3. And, if this novel is nothing more than an elaborate fictional superstructure erected above some historical truths, what is its hidden meaning?
A great beach or poolside read. Typical Danielle Steel fluff, but one of her better books. A little of everything: love, betrayal, tragedy, and hope.
Stranger in your own land. When I read this book, I was a crappy teacher in a crappy school in the South Bronx.  Then I read it and read it, five or ten times, felt like someone had given me the key to the universe, almost got fired, and ended up in a better school but still not a much better teacher.  I'm not sure if my goal in life is to become James Herndon or maybe just to meet him, if he is still living in San Francisco (he's listed in the phone book there.)   When I give this book to other teachers, they tend to react with love and astonishment; when I give it to non-teachers, they don't really get it, although they tend to love his other great book, the Way it Spozed to Be.  Presently, my copy is languishing in my principal's bookshelf, unread after four years
Recommended for businessmen. The title of this book refers to the international trade set up by Bostonian Frederick Tudor during the 1800s.  Mr. Tudor came up with the idea that winter ice harvested from the various waterways in his home state could be transported to hotter climates (Cuba, India, etc..) and sold for a profit.  He spent the better part of his life turning his idea into reality such that by the time he died he was wealthy, and the frozen water trade was an international business involving thousands of workers and dozens of companies.  This book tells the story of the man and his idea and covers:1. The scientific and technical challenges Mr. Tudo encountered in his endeavor, such as keeping ice refrigerated for long durations, transporting ice over long distances, and separating good clean ice from dirty ice.2. The business challenges of starting up and running the trade.  This included incredulous doubters, copycats, fair-weather collegeaus, moneylenders who could not fathom the various difficulties he encountered, and potential customers who having never seen ice in the summertime, had to be convinced his ice was natural and safe.All in all, the book tells of patience, hardwork, perseverence, resourcefullness, foresight, and ingenuity.  Mr. Tudor built his business froms scratch, with no models to follow or others to obtain counsel from.  Unfortunately, various inventions in ice-making and refrigeration (some of which Tudor contributed to) in the end doomed the frozen water trade.  His tale as told in this book would be a good text for entrepeneurs to read and learn from.  I highly recommend this book
The Watergate Wars. This book is truely well written. Hard to put down. If you have read: President Nixon, Final Days and Abuse of Power this book puts it all together. It is the AH! HA! you've been looking for. It will also make you curious about the Pentagon Papers. All these books are written from a historical perpective by well know historians. Not journalist looking for a quick buck
The book is really better than it looks like!. On teh field with Mia Hamm by Matt Christopher was a very goodbook.  I didn't have a very good idea who Mia Hamm really was though.The only thing I know is a professional soccer player.  I aw the book and it looked pretty interesting.  I'm about a quarter of the way through the book and I'm liking it so far.  Usually I don't read books , let alone a whole book
A great book. I do not read a lot of book but this was a must read as soon as I started it.  John Grisham describes places and people like very few can do.  If you are anything like me the author must capture me in the first few pages or else I find something better to do.  Loved the book and felt it was worth the time it takes me to read
An excellent read. This book is an excellent read for anyone who loves and/or takes their weightlifting style seriously and enjoys a good storyteller. The book is composed from articles published by the author in Strength and Health magazine from '65-'72. However, it does NOT contain "outdated" material, these are articles that are just as useful now as then, so don't let the era deter, if fact it makes the stories even more interesting sometimes. Everything in this book is just time proven material and so when they were first written is not very important. The book covers a broad spectrum, much like the Brawn series did (It is probably obvious that I strongly encourage reading the books of that series also.), you'll find many training, nutrition, and mass building subjucts that will catch your interest in the index. The way they are explained is storylike and interesting and this book is one of those classics that are useful in any weightlifters library, put it right next to the Brawn series
1st Book is a Winner. Who can catch the Gingerbread Man? A serial killer who terrorizes Chicago, he tortures his victims, mutilating their bodies in horrific fashion while they watch. The police are dogged but find no evidence except for the bodies.It's up to Jacqueline, aka Jack, Daniels, lieutenant of Violent Crimes. She's up to the task with a sharp mind, quick wit, and consuming determination. Too bad her personal life is a mess, which gives balance to the story and insight into her character. An excellent detective, can she survive when the Gingerbread Man makes her the prey?J.A. Konrath creates compelling characters in a well paced story. I dare anyone to start reading, and then try to put down the book. The Gingerbread Man is chilling. J.A. Konrath pulls no punches in getting inside the killer's mind as he plans and commits murder. The guy's methodical approach makes you want to read on like gawkers at a crime scene.I read a good deal of mysteries and detective type stories. J.A. Konrath's use of measured humor with Jack Daniels while maintaining the grimness and seriousness of the story's focus is refreshing and well designed.Fans of mystery or drama will not be disappointed. I found the ending satisfying and quickly missed the characters, wanting more time with them. So I immediately got the second book, Bloody Mary. As I start that story, Whiskey Sour has set high expectations for an entertaining read
Incredible Color Palette, Rich Collection of Pictures, Best Art Work Guide EVER. To call this book a chronology would be a mistake because the art work of the Genius Alex Ross is not presented in chronological order, but rather starts with the most popular characters Superman, Batman, etc., and then moves on to other work such as Justice League of America, Kingdom Come, Alan Moore, etc.Alex Ross is arguably the greatest visual artist of our time. As far as I am concerned his work is up there with Picasso, Da Vinci and Degas. This book takes the reader in a character-and event-based journey of Alex Ross's incredible work. What Ross and this book have in common are the incredible attention to detail and color. The art presented in this book is so rich in color it is almost unreal. The pictures carry unbelievable detail, down to the pores on the faces of the Superman and Batman sculptures. I have never seen such a visual fest in any other comic or movie-related book, I guarantee you you will not be disappointed, it doesn't even matter whether you are a comic book fan or not. Ross's modern day interpretation in the recreation of the art work from 40s, 50s and 60s comic book covers is so nostalgic and professional it makes you appreciate his talent even more.This is one book not to miss. The print quality is extremely high, and pictures carry a ridiculous amount of detail and color. Especially if you are a Superman or Batman fan, you are on for a treat as they are most prominently featured in this book.This is one great book, I have always been a huge Alex Ross fan, but thanks to this book I now feel like I know him personally (through his art presented in this book as well as the narration in the text that accompanies the pictures).One last note: Get the hardcover if you can, the art work on the sleeve is much better than the paperback cover, and the art work on the front and back of the hard cover book is simply incredible
"Vinager Joes Story". For anyone who is interested in a little known theater of WWII. This is a well written and fact filled read. Primarily the story of Gen. Joe (Vinager Joe) Stilwell. In an arena of larger than life names,Merrill, Wingate, Mao, and Chian Kai-shek, Gen.Stilwell`s story pull all the elements together in an way that, a telling from other angles might not. As my first book on this subject, I feel Mr Webster gave me my money`s worth in a book that was hard to put down.
Substitute for college text books. When I took differential equations the college wanted us to buy the textbook for $135 and the solutions manual for $15. They were horrible!! I bought Schaum's Outline of Differential Equations ...and used it instead. (...) Dr. Bronson explains concepts very well and has many detailed solutions to examples. There are also supplementary problems with the answers in the back. I recommend this item to anyone taking differential equations
Interesting and Informative. 'The Day Christ Died' tells the story of the 24 hours leading up to the death of Jesus Christ.It takes the familiar story from the Gospels and adds details from everyday life of the time.  There are chapters on the Jewish and Roman worlds of the time that further add insight.This book is similar to Mel Gibson's movie 'The Passion of the Christ' in the way that it focuses things on the last day.  There is also a lengthy chapter entitled 'Jesus' which tells much of the story of His earlier life.It is very good at helping to explain the background and cultures of the times.  For instance, it adds lots of insight into the political maneuverings of Annas and Caiphas and the way their positions interacted with the Roman authorities.This is a quick read packed with lots of information.  It is very worthwhile.
GREAT ONE TO ADD TO COLLECTION. I love this one, I have ordered almost all her books and this is a great read dont miss it.  For all you doubters.  I am convinced Suzanne and her people know what they are talking about!!!!!!!!!!!!
Great beginner book. My son who is almost three loves this book since he has been 2.5
A Great Gift. This is the perfect introduction to the "craft" of shrinky-dinks.  All of the materials your child needs to complete the project are included, the instructions are clear and the project is fun.  It is the perfect gift for your child or another; a great rainy day activity to have on hand
A Pleasure to Read. If you read for pleasure, then this book is for you.  A page turner in which you may ignore your favorite television show just so you may read the hysterical and brazen letters between the boy and his chosen recipient (the White House, a major league baseball player, etc). The book illustrates the development of father/son relationship between the boy and the baseball player. Charlie Banks, the Gentile baseball player, demonstrates true love for the boy by assisting him to prepare for his Bar Mitzvah.  While reading this book, one could envision a movie depicting this wonderful story
A culinary wealth of wonderful contributions. Compiled by accomplished chef and cookbook author Jerome Rubin, The Cape Cod Cookbook showcases 210 traditional New England recipes drawn from the culinary history and tradition of Cap Cod, Massachusetts. Organized into sections devoted to: Appetizers and Dips (Sweet Orange-Glazed Chicken Wings); Sauces, Salsas, and Jellies (Blueberry Chutney); Salads (Citrus Poppy Seed Vinaigrette Salad); Soups and Stews (Buzzards Bay Bouillabaisse); Fish (Nantucket Flounder Rollups); Shellfish (Provincetown Crab Cakes); Poultry (Maple-Glazed Chicken); Meats and Pasta (Bellflowers Pasta with White Clam Sauce); Side Dishes (Honeyed Squash and Apples); Breads and Muffins (New England Spoonbread); Cookies (Cranberry Orange Cookies); Desserts (Whiskey Cake); and Beverages (Raspberry Kiss), The Cape Cod Cookbook is thoroughly &quot;kitchen friendly&quot; and offers a culinary wealth of wonderful contributions for family dining menus
A Must Read!. This book is a must read. It definately helps an individual unlock the emotional and sexual mysteries about men that we all struggle with
Those who give negative comments clearly don't know what this book is about.. I would like to state the obvious. From the perspective of a marketer myself, this is a great book. Almost everyone in the world know the best way to make money of ALL time is selling. And it is a skill you can LEARN. Just like anything else.People tend to do things they say they won't do. While you may feel that it is not necessary for Michael to state the obvius (ie: save, not spend more than what we earn) many still spend more than they earn. Especially when you have the plastics "given" by Uncle Mastercard or Auntie Visa.It is a good reminder for everyone and Michael has done a great job at that.From my opinion, Michael titled the book as Automatic Wealth because anything that is automatic has to be "kick-started" first. Illustrate it this way. Say your fully automatic washing machine, you need to switch it on first to let the electricity connect to the machine through a set of wiring and then, and only then, your fully automatic washing machine runs perfectly.Of course, the machine's purpose is to wash clean clothes or whatever it is possible to wash in that machine.Adding a detergent will help the process to produce better, cleaner laundries.I know it might sound a bit lame. So let's "apply" that to current situation.In order to achieve wealth (automatically) you need to know where is the "switch" to turn on. Michael gives you that switch in the 6 power steps.The "electricity" comes from you, the reader to make sure you can connect to the "machine" (tools to wealthier life).And you, the reader will setup a "wiring" to connect the "machine" and the "electricity" and adding up "detergent" -- the skills you need to polish.I am soo sorry if you could not understand my lame attempt to make you understand. But from my 5 year research, Jay Abraham will NOT jeopardize his own career and reputation by endorsing a lowsy or shoddy product.I've only known Michael from ETR for few months already and those months are PROFITABLE for me.Some people just don't understand when successful person tells you how he or she enjoys life without worries AFTER the smart and hard work has been done.Anyone who wants to read this book should do follow-up research to get in the know of what's working now. Specifically what's profitable right now. Michael has given a core principle to do it and you can find it inside the book if you really study it.Overall, it's a good book to read. And not for get-rich-quick monkeys. Buy it for you children if you are already too old to start
The Deception. I like the new look of this book. Truth be told it's an awesome page turner. There are full surprises and plots. If you start reading it you will be glued to continue to the last page without single need to put it down
one of my favorites. I have a copy of this book from the UK that is called I Am David. It starts with a man telling David, "You must get away tonight. Stay awake so that you're ready just before the guard is changed. When you see me strike a match, the current will be cut off and you can climb over -- you'll have half a minute, no more." This starts David's journey not just to freedom and home, but also to learning how to live as a regular kid after only living in a concentration camp. It's a serious book but one that should be read
Interesting and enjoyable. This book was a very pleasant surprise.  It's not the usual Robert Ludlum  but instead a light entertaining read.  The characters are funny but lean  towards unrealistic.  It is very difficult to believe that the characters  can maintain the same forceful personalities throughout the entire book  throughout all circumstances.  It ended nicely without a rushed feeling and  also avoiding seeming like all the ends got tied up in the last chapter.  A  very readable book even though it lacked the fast pace and did not have the  level of suspense of other Ludlum books
The Smells of Home. I should have known from the cover of this book that it was not going to appeal to those, like me, with no patience for a long, drawn-out old fashioned story of childhood memories of the 1920s.  No, no, no.  And I had fair warning from that sepia toned photograph of clouds above the farm.  Or is it a photo?  It's so softedged it might easily be an etching by Fuseli or perhaps, oh, what is the name of that woman my cousin used to love with her tender drawings of cats and butter churns?  Oh I know, Tasha Tudor.  Anyhow, William Maxwell had harder things on his mind that dealing with cats and butter churns when he saw down and wrote SO LONG, SEE YOU TOMORROW, which was regarded as one of the big literary events of 1980.  What a sea change in attitude between then and now!  Now the fiction editor of THE NEW YORKER might write a book and get it well reviewed, but people wouldn't necessarily canonize him or her, especially if the book of memory is dull and puzzlingly limp.  You could write a story of two boys who were best friends in rural Illinois--why, my desk chair could write such a book--and yet when Maxwell spoke, people really coughed nervously as though they were experiencing the second coming of, oh I don't know, Glenway Wescott.  He was a stylist above all, so don't come to SLSYT expecting the conventional virtues you'd get from a book, a strong plot, interesting characters, or memorable scenes.From youth he had been accustomed to issuing crypto-homoerotic little "novels" like THE FOLDED LEAF and everytime he did, Sylvia Townsend Warner or Eudora Welty or someone would bow down as though to a great pagan idol of fiction.  For simply put, he was the man.  The narrator of SLSYT is now an elderly, doddering man who has had no fun in years and whose life has been spoiled forever by the memory of betraying little Cletus in the school system of Illinois way back when, when he "cut" Cletus in the hall, not even acknowledging his existence, for the simple crime of having been the son of a man implicated in a notorious murder case of the period.It would be interesting to know if something like this case ever really occurred in 1920s heartland society.  It had to be something strong, perhaps there had to be a murder involved, and Maxwell settled on a crime of passion.  Our narrator had so many things taken away from him that for awhile, he toyed with running away.  Maxwell wisely makes some canny observations on the tragedy of youth subtraction, including this one, which my neighbor loved and marked in green highlighter, "Whether they are part of home or home is part of them is not a question children are prepared to answer.  Having taken away the dog, take away the kitchen--the smell of something good in the oven for dinner.  Also the smell of washday, of wool drying on the wooden rack.  Of ashes.  Of soup simmering by the stove.  Take away the patient old horse waiting by the pasture fence."  Even when grown up, are we yet prepared to answer even the simplest question?  If not, "so long," as one boy said to the other.  "See you tomorrow.
Excellent In-Depth Survey of First Amendment Law. Read this book as part of my law school class in the First Amendment (before taking Constitutional Law) and found it to be well worth the price. First Amendment law can be confusing, and the Court has refined its many approaches over nearly a century of jurisprudence. If you are seriously interested in understanding the role the First Amendment plays in this nation's history, and are not put off by reading cases, you will find this book an impressive resource. I would not, however, recommend this book as an introduction for the general interest reader, as it organized thematically, rather than chronologically, and could very easily become boring
Good for Every Day, Not Super Gourmet. This is my first Moosewood cookbook, but I have many vegetarian cookbooks.This book is for you if you like basic recipes and/or quick meals, which the name implies.  I usually like meals that are a little more gourmet, but this book will do in a pinch on a weeknight or if you have kids.There are really some delicous recipes in here, and the cook times are reduced by using canned beans, etc.Most recipes use cheese, which I don't eat.  There are also many seafood recipes. If you're not vegan, you'll find most of the recipes right up your alley.  It can save you on a weeknight.The other feature I like, is the index in the back.  They organize recipes by the time you have to cook, if you're having company, and/or if you're vegan.  That's helpful, so you don't have to leaf through the whole book
Fine little book. This is a good little book to read. Take some time, sit down, and give it a read through. I think you will be happy that you did. You'll laugh, You'll cry, and if you're like me you'll take a lot of snack breaks. As far as books go this is up there.
Finn is my favorite Callahan. I read all three books in the Callahan Brothers Trilogy, and River Road (#2) was my favorite. All the books are fun and romantuc stories, but the brother Finn is the most interesting and best developed character of the three. The story line is different, with River Road being the name of a TV show--and the main female character being an actress. Also, I did not read the books in  order, and it is not necessary to the enjoymnt of any of them.
Good Introduction to Computer Forensics Investigations. This book is a couple years old now, but the fundamentals remain essentially the same. Kruse and Heiser are seasoned experts in computer forensics and incident response and they have managed to boil down years of knowledge and experience into a format that is easy to read and understand. While security experts may not learn anything new from this book, those entering the field will find it invaluable. It is comprehensive and detailed while remaining easy to read. The foundation provided by reading and understanding this book can be used to move forward into more technical areas. Computer Forensics is not fluff by any means though and could easily be kept nearby as a handy reference for a computer forensic investigation.(...
Man's inhumanity to man!. Enjoyable reading this is not. Gripping, it most certainly is. Eye-witness accounts from actual survivors of some of the most cruel treatments men have ever had to endure; but endure they did! The actual battle conditions were strength sapping enough; arduous fighting whilst suffering from the effects of frequent food shortages. Then capture by an enemy that, by it's own strict code of honour, made them contemptuous of any soldiers that became their prisoners. The lucky ones died quickly. Those not so fortunate suffered the &quot;death march&quot; through the Bataan Peninsular to their respective camps in other parts of the islands, followed by years of brutal treatment &amp; torture, both physical &amp; mental, together with the debilitating affects of starvation, slavery, disease with minimum medical attention. Some poor devils followed this with a hellish sea journey in overloaded, cramped, steaming hot, holds of cargo ships, to similar treatment in the prison camps of Japan &amp; Manchuria. Final release brought freedom &amp; repatriation to a United States that recognised &amp; rewarded only the war heroes. Most POW's had huge problems convincing US doctors that their divers post-captivity symptoms were in fact, prison camp related. Not necessarily the doctors' fault since the headaches, nightmares, stress related sufferings, were poorly researched at that time. Most ex-prisoners received little, or no, real effective attention &amp; the phsycological traumas resulted in a high incidence of drinking problems &amp; suicides amongst those unfortunates. A sad &amp; poignent ending to the book. The accounts are not all strife &amp; gloom. There are some humourous &amp; up-lifting moments recounted, particularly where &quot;buddies&quot; were supporting each other in adversity. Knox does a truly great job in presenting the accounts in such a clear &amp; chronological order that the end result reads like a novel. Read it, &amp; weep
So scary, it's unreal. According to Williams and his reading of his sources Al Qaeda already has the bomb, many times over.  Bin Laden purchased the nukes from Chechen rebels who stole/bought them from disgruntled former Soviet scientists.  Bin Laden also purchased some of the scientists and technicians themselves to keep the bombs in working order.  Furthermore, bin Laden bought fissionable material on the black market and has the ability to turn that material into his own homemade bombs.  He hired some nuclear scientists to help out.  He got the money to pay for this from running the heroin trade out of Afghanistan.The question immediate arises, why hasn't he used the nukes yet?  The answer, according to Williams, is that bin Laden is a very, very careful man with enormous patience who, having spent all that dough, is not about to blow his opportunity to kill four million Americans through doing anything hasty like getting the bombs stopped at the border, or having them inoperative when he pulls the trigger.  The grand plan is to get the nukes into the US and plant them at say seven different locations, including probably New York, Washington D.C., Chicago, Las Vegas, Boston, Los Angeles, etc., make his usual pious announcement that it is time for the US to exit all Muslim lands and accept the will of Allah, etc.  And when the US does not, he pulls the trigger, morally secure in the knowledge that he warned us.But there is more.  Williams claims that during the Cold War the former Soviet Union planted suitcase-sized nuclear bombs in many places throughout the United States, and those bombs are still there.  Possibly bin Laden has purchased knowledge of their location and how to work them from former Soviet scientists and military operatives.Williams wrings his hands and wants to know, since this is all public knowledge (he cites the sources on page after page), why the mass media hasn't informed the American public about the impending apocalypse.I don't believe the sky is falling.  I seldom subscribe to conspiracy theories, but I want to be candid here.  I've been reading on his subject for a few years now, and like Williams I can see that the information and the cold logic is out there.  You just have to go after it since the major media don't feel it's in the best interest of their bottom line to make a big deal of something so horrific as a possible nuclear attack on the United States--especially considering that nobody, but nobody knows how to do anything about it.Certainly not the Bush administration, which is decidedly NOT addressing the subject in public.  They cannot for fear of causing a panic.  Think what would happen to the stock market if the Bush administration admitted that an unpreventable nuclear attack on US was likely and imminent.Personally I used to live in the Los Angeles area.  I moved not long ago.  The Long Beach-Los Angeles harbor is the biggest port of entry for cargo containers in the United States.  Of the millions that come into the port every year only about three percent are inspected.  I didn't like the odds.I would also like to point out first the obvious that the Bush administration has not gotten bin Laden and that we have no deterrent against him.  We could blow up Pakistan (where he is presumably hiding) but we might never know if we got him or not.  Furthermore, he doesn't care.  The thrill of killing four million Americans (Al Qaeda's stated goal "justified" by how many Muslims America has supposedly killed) clearly would outweigh his fear of death.Second, note that the people who mailed the anthrax letters a month after the World Trade Towers went down have never been apprehended or even identified.  But if you read the media closely, it is clear that the most likely suspect is not a disgruntled or deranged government employee but instead the very same Al Qaeda that conducted the September 11th massacre.  Williams notes that Al Qaeda has anthrax and other biochemical agents.I mention this because the reason that the Bush administration and the mass media no longer mention the anthrax mailings is the same reason they don't talk about the missing Soviet nukes and the likelihood of where they are, namely because to speak truthfully about these things is to spread fear and panic among the general public and to admit to an inability to do anything about it.  This is the reason we are facing these horrendous threats in silenceAmazing, you say?  It is.  And it is as crazy or even crazier than the Mutually Assured Destruction (MAD) that prevailed during the Cold War, and, by the way, still prevails to some extent today.Bottom line is that some humans will murder one another in an attempt to get what they want.  They will wantonly kill one another in the name of God or because of hate or prejudice.  And with nuclear weapons now over-the-counter items, they will do so in massive numbers, and again, guess what?  Until we change human nature or find a way to actually prevent (make physically impossible) its use, the mushroom cloud will once again envelope a human city, and probably in the near future.  And that city will be an American city.Count on it, is what Williams is telling us.  He cites sources throughout and fills his narrative with the most compellingly veracious-sounding detail that I am fairly crying out for somebody to demonstrate, item by item, that he is in error.  I wish I could.  The truth is, I think he's right.Read this book at your peril.  It might give you nightmares.  It might bring on clinical depression.  It might make you as cynical as satan.  Or don't read it.  Sometimes, ignorance (if you can stand it) really is bliss
Good reference. This is a great book to refer to when writing an art history paper. I was an art history major in college, and this was the book that was recommended by the majority of my professors. I definitely recommend buying yourself a copy, because the copies at my art library were always checked out
"A hoax of exceptional quality.". Where do I even begin? Well, I should probably have the word "post-modern" somewhere in the first two sentances. Certainly, few books are as twisted, convention-shattering, and bizarre as House of Leaves. Danielewski's narrative style is a brain-bending mix of horror, comedy, poetic surrealism, toung-in-cheek faux-academia, and romance. Over the course of the book (it's a pretty big stretch to call this a "novel"), a myriad of narrators bombard the reader with straight storytelling as well as poetry, philisophical discourses, screenplays, and epistillary narratives. These, in turn, convey a dizzying array of plots, subplots, overtones, undertones, backstories, sub-sub-plots, digressions, regressions,revelations, red herrings, and interludes. In short, House of Leaves isn't really a book so much as it is a small library, a fun-house mirror of the written word and all of its versitile glories.The book defies sumarizatian (largely because the identity of its main plot is quite debatable), but here's my stab at putting the basic premise into words: A young man named Johnny Truant discovers a manuscript written by and old man named Zampano. The manuscript is a lengthy critical analysis of a documentary called the Navidson Record, which in turn depicts a family attempting to cope with the supernatural horror that resides in their new house. The catch is, the film doesn't exist- Zampano made the whole thing up. House of Leaves is Zampano's manuscript, with additional footnotes and annotations by Truant, as well as three appendices and an index. Truant's footnotes are often lengthy, confessional pieces, full of emotional outbursts and poetic observations (in stark contrast to Zampano's stiff, scholarly tone). Zampano's manuscript explores the film, the family, and the house from every possible angle and in every concievable light. The story seems to be soaked in symbolism and hidden meanings. The writing seems to be loaded with clues and implications, all of which the reader can take seriously or ignore at will. One can read - and enjoy- this book on any level they choose. The interactive and intricate nature of the narrative reveal the strange, unique bond between author and reader- in that sense, House of Leaves is a fiction about fiction, a gloriously self-referential exploration of the novel and all its versetile power.Is House of Leaves a success? Well, yeah. Sorta. The stories are certainly great- the plight of the Navidsons is both terrifying and touching, while  the plucky, intelligent, and deeply troubled Johnny Truant is one of the most likable characters I've ever met. The stories interact marvelously, with flailing streams of narrative running parallel and perpendicular to eachother, raveling and unraveling to create an amorphous, mega-faceted polynovel. Astoundingly enough, Danielewski never lets his work become a case of style over substance: the stylistic and textual experimentation only enhances the flow of the book. Anyway, House of Leaves isn't driven by post-modern posturing: It works because it has compelling plots, loveable, sympathetic characters, and Danielewski's obvious love and knack for telling a great story. House of Leaves does have its boring moments, and the narrative does occasionally lose focus, but such criticisms are thmbtacks in the foot of an elephant. This is a spectacular book, one that belongs on the reading list of anyone who's looking for something original and engaging
Great For All, Especially For Dads and Grandads. Let's be honest.  If an alien were to land and ask how to tell the difference between fathers and mothers, telling it that "The fathers are the ones making the sound effects" would be a good rule of thumb.  Dr. Seuss's "Mr. Brown Can Moo, Can You?" is a book length excuse to make funny noises with your kid.The rhymes are as good as one would expect of Seuss, and the flow of the verse is smooth and catchy.  What sets this apart, though, are the wonderful noises.  Roosters cock-a-doodle-doo, bees buzz, and eggs sizzle.  Shoes squeak, clocks tick, and goldfish kiss.  The rhymes build one upon the other, and by the end, the reader is left with a stream of sounds that is a challenge to get out in one breath.  This was a bedtime favorite for years at our house.In addition to being fun to read, the book is a wonderful way for pre-readers to participate.  The sound effects are simple enough for a young mouth to form, and you can't really get a "blurp blurp" wrong.  The text leading up to the sounds always offers just enough of a prompt for even a very young child to know what comes next.  I'm convinced that showing kids how fun books like this can be helps prime them to want be readers in their own right.So get this one for a new father or grandfather.  You won't be giving paper and ink, but priceless memories.5 star
Jamela's Dress. Jamela's Dress celebrates the youthful spirit of Jamela, a young South African girl. Jamela and her Mama shop for some material with which her mother will make a new dress to be worn on the occasion of a family wedding. They take it home, wash it, and hang it up to dry. As Jamela guards it against harm she becomes so excited by the beauty of the cloth that she wraps it about herself and parades through the town. Inevitably the cloth is ruined but through a clever plot device all turns out well and Jamela redeems herself. The wonderfully warm watercolors bring Jamela's neighborhood to life in all its energy and drama. An author's note traces the changing meaning of the word "kwela" through the changing history of his country and so illuminating some of the reasons new South Africa may have to exhibit a youthful spirit similar to Jamela's.For children from three to six.
Informative. Maybe I'm a little bias because I know and train with Hock Hochheim. But, like most of his books, tapes &amp; DVDs, he is a great source of information. In this book his topic is Knife fighting. I've trained in several Martial Arts/Fighting Styles and stumbled across Hock a little over a year ago. This book will give you a realistic look at what a knife fight is all about. Now there are many people who frown upon the use of a knife as self protection and claim that taking a knife or gun from someone in a real life or death altercation is impossible. Well, Hock explains the reality of those claims. Being a Police officer for over 12 years I have seen even the most uncordinated and drunken subjects use or disarm people in fights. This book concentrates on using a knife as a weapon and the legal ramifications of doing so. Fights are not pleasant and are to be avoided if possible. But believing you can &quot;Talk&quot; your way out of every situation is to be a bit naive. Through this book you can learn how to defend yourself and loved ones in some dangerous situations. Yes, its about being pro-active with a knife. But, remember a knife is one of the oldest tools to date. Its up to the weilder of this tool to use it properly. Great book!! Easy to follow and worth checking into
DEFINETELY GREAT. Guys, I really suggest you to read this. and the first two books as well. this one is the last one. THe end is soooooo sad, i cried so much, I used up 23 kleenex tissues. Really read this. not only i cried so much, i cried for a WEE
Chandler's best. This is my favorite Raymond Chandler book and that's saying quite a lot.  It has a sense of mystery to it that transcends the mystery genre.
a must read for thoughtful young people entering police work. Barry Baker was a street cop for 20 years in a very tough town before taking promotion. He accurately reflects the central role of patrol - street work - and does not sugar-coat or avoid difficult issues. The conciseness of the book is a strength. His advice to young people is genuine and not idealistic or poorly informed. A nice job
Suffering For Science. Herzig connects scientists who suffer for their beliefs to religious persons who would suffer for theirs----an incredible connection that is rarely talked about. Herzig's interesting perspective on the history of science at the turn of the century, the way she pulled together the philosophy of suffering, science, and history, made me want to fill in the gap from the "Barbarians" of the 1920's--the book's last era--to current science....how much has really changed?
Listen and Do. If you both follow this man's advice you have a guaranteed &quot;till death do us part.&quot
Wonderfully Crafted  with dark southern Faulkneresque undertones. Stephen Hunter's books are definitely 'man books'.  His characters - both Hero and villain -  speak, plot, act and think believably and often with total male aggresion and intent.  These attributes are necessary given the situations the characters frequently find themselves in.  Black Light is a well woven story that flashes between a tragic day in 1955 in the sweltering summer of Arkansas and present day, which is a story spanning from Arizona to Oklahoma and back into the Natural State.    I've read 'suspense' or 'action' novels where the character's believability could be knocked over with a medium-weight q-tip.........not Hunters !  His characters and their dialogue are believeable, their development is weighty and his prose is engrossing. Oh yeah, the action is top notch.....but, given Hunter's craftsementship with the pen, the action scenes are not even required to 'make' the story.  His writing is so good, that the action scenes are just an extra bonus.   All of his Swagger books are solid.  These would make a great movie if given to the RIGHT director
triumph forsaken. Outstanding book!! It's about time that someone put the lie to all of the liberal mythology that has been floating around since the late Sixties about our involvement in Vietnam. For years, the academic elites have floated the idea that this was a guerilla war where we were the imperial power in the wrong. Instead, it was a meticuously planned invasion that was part of a Communist effort to conquer alll of Southeast Asia. Bravo to Mr Moyer!
I recommend this book. It is helpful, informative, and gives a new way to achieve unusual color patterns. Excellent
A story of acceptance of God's will and love in our lives. The story starts out rather slow and monotoneous, but before long you will find yourself completely emmerced in the psyche of this modern day saint. A touching story of one man's decision to say yes and to compleely surrender  his life and his will to God's plan for his life. This humble man possessed  those attributes that we all desire and seek, but somehow find elude us.  This is a story of struggle, hope and the fullfillment of God's will in the  very simple things of our lives. We are all drawn to this mindset and you  will see the hunger and desire that we all have a hunger for by the  unlikely attention that this man of God draws to himself without the desire  to do so. If this beautiful story of real &quot;life&quot; brings a tear to  your eye, you will have crossed that wonderful divide that seperates the  spiritual from the secular, and you will in a very real sense find the  hidden beauty of inner peace in the simple. I highly recommend this book  for I believe it has set the roadmap for the true longing of the human  spirit. The final words of Barney Casey are words that reverberate through  the Centuries and words that should be readily on the tips of each of our  tongues as we draw our last breath
best books available for teaching children how to draw. Finally! A beginning level drawing course that allows children to be successful! Hats off to  authors Marie Hablitzel and Kim Stitzer for sharing Marie's classroom lessons in this delightful series of books. My  children love working with these books
School assignments usually bite -  this one wasn't so bad. I was required to read this book this past year as a school assignment. First off it's rare for such a new book (it was only published 14 years ago) to be a school assignment (well at my school it is). I suppose that says something for this book. It's the easiest read but not bad. Rather boring in places. It leaves a lot of the story up in the air a little which I didn't like so much, and I definably found the end rather rushed. All in all, not my favorite book, but a good book in general.
Should have started with this book. Being an avid reader, by the time I got this book, I had read a TON of baby books.  If you are a new parent, you know that one book will tell you one thing, and another will tell you something else.  So it was very hard for me to sift through it all and determine what advice to follow and what not to.  I finally just decided to let my baby let me know what I needed to do.  (Silly me...)  While this worked for a while, I have recently started to have problems with his sleeping patterns.  He has never been a good napper, but he was sleeping through the night...until 3 weeks ago.  At that point, he started waking up at least once during the night.  Most times he'd eat and then go back to sleep, but occasionally he'd be up and stay up.  After one of those wakeful nights, I called my doctor.  I know my son is capable of sleeping through the night, so it must be something I'm doing that's changed that.  Do you know what they told me?  Well, read this book.  They pretty much told me to do everything that is in this book.  Had I started out following Tracy Hogg's advice, I'd have been spared several sleepless nights! My son still runs our house, but I can at least guide him in learning good sleeping and eating habits, thanks to Ms. Hogg.
Terrific spy novel. This is a gripping, well-written and even somewhat sexy spy novel of the good old-fashioned kind: a story, a plot and real characters.  I am now reading as many of McCarry's novels as I can find
perceptive and unassuming. Marianne Moore's poetry is perceptive and unassuming. She often writes with a dry sense of humor. Her interest in sports, especially baseball, is also expressed in her poetry. She enjoys odd behavior in animals and writes  about them just as they are. &quot;An Octopus&quot; is one of her longer  poems and needs several readings to be appreciated. Moore creates poems  that are filled with intuitive insight and beauty
The Best Book on Positional Play. This is an invaluable book for a serious chess student.  I would higly recommend it for improving one's game and understanding chess at a deeper level.  By all means, study the brilliant combinations of Tal's and Fischer's games and study all the current chess theory.  But if you want to learn the foundations of positional play, this is the book to start with.  It's a timeless classic.--Alexander Shaumyan, poet and chess playe
Addressing Malarkey. In this age of over-testing and over-dependence on high stakes testing to evaluate schools and students, Testing Miss Marlarkey provides a well needed diversion.  Judy Finchler cuts right to the heart of high stakes testing to present a light-hearted and humorous, but sadly accurate picture of how these tests affect schools, administration, students and parents.  Underneath the delightfully drawn pictures and tongue and cheek text, there lurks the serious effects of high-stakes testing and the author cleverly articulates how disruptive and damaging this kind of assessment can be to all parties involved.  I would recommend that all upper elementary and middle school teachers use this as a read-aloud for their students to put high-stakes testing in its proper perspective.  Thank you, Ms. Finchler, for  a common sense reaction to all this malarkey
Everything you need to know about AI stretching. I took one of the Active Isolated Stretching classes here in NYC and I can tell you the book is better than the class itself. Buy the book, follow the instructions and you will be ripping off the benefits of this stretching technique
Great book on a timely topic!. Nothing is hotter in IT right now than integration. The authors have done a great job in not only explaining the term "enterprise integration," but arguing that it's as much a business concept as it is a technological one. The short case-study examples propel the text forward and give it a real-world credibility. The authors have obviously walked the integration walk, and their book is an effective testimonial to their experience.Jill DycheAuthor of The CRM Handbook and eDat
Masterpiece or wonder?. While Darwin's theory of natural selection was accepted in the 1930s, Darwin's theory of sexual selection remains controversial.  In Ernst Mayr's recent What is Evolution? Darwin's theory of sexual selection receives about two paragraphs.  By comparison, Darwin considered sexual selection important enough to receive an equal number of pages as he devoted to his theory of natural selection.  130 years later, he's still probably the only evolutionary theorist to make this judgement.  Equally, one must wonder that if Darwin had not come up with the idea of sexual selection, would anyone else have done so?This book is not merely revolutionary on a theoretical basis, but also in its thoughts on animals - including humans. 100 years before Jane Goodall `discovers' chimpanzees using tools, Darwin devotes more than a page to animals using tools.  More than 110 years before vets begin to give dogs prozac, Darwin argues that dogs have a sense of humour. His views on animals raises them higher than any modern theorist: his views on humans lowers them to where they are - animals, and thus the title.130 years later, this book is still radical.  It is probably the most significant alteration to our understanding of ourselves since Copernicus.  Its contents, with its stark views on human violence, continues to make aetheists uneasy.  The book is very readable, and Darwin's clarity, sincerity and incisiveness places him above all modern writers.  Revolutionary, thoughtful, and warm, it remains more a wonder than a masterpiece.
Loved it - for software development!. Software development is much like discrete manufacturing--as I learned from this great book. It's a tiny bit cheesy but the writing is ultimately effecting in cementing strong lessons for project and corporate management
My Schema Reference Book. Walmsley's book is the one I go to as the reference for W3C Schema. It is clear and very accurate and reliable. I find the examples relevant and helpful.I had to chuckle at a previous review that couldn't understand why something was found in multiple places. Well perhaps it is used in several places. I would be happy that the index was thorough. Schema is a somewhat complicated language but Walmsley provides transparency and order.I recommend this book to my clients and in classes I teach on XML and Schema regulalrly
Guide to Vertical Caving and Rock Climbing. This book is a must for anyone beginning or  experienced in caving and ropework of any type. The basics are discussed and illustrated in a  clear precise manner.  Whether you are rappeling, ascending, rebelaying, rescuing, or just interested in caving there is no better source for any on-rope techniques available.  The reason it does not have a 10 rating is that On Rope II has actually bested its predecessor
Very well Written... It was the first King novel I ever read, and I loved it-King writes in a very, very literal sense: much like how you would see people talking in the real world.The main character in this book, Rose, is a middle-aged woman who has been in a so called 'daze' for fifteen years, and finally wakes up around the age of thirty. And now, frightened by a single drop of blood that she discovers on a sheet, she runs.No more abuse, no more nothing, Rose won't take it anymore. After taking her husband's credit card, she flees to find a new life. After fleeing her hometown and going to another, she finds a place where abused and mistreated women can get help.She ends up at Daughters and Sisters, and this is where she finds her new life.Meanwhile, her deranged husband Norman is on the loose, and on the hunt for his so called `most wanted criminal': His own wife. As he slowly begins to find trails to her, Rose becomes frightened, and knows that her own life is in danger.This book was truly frightening. The way King puts the horror in a sentence. `One drop of blood had awoken her from fourteen years of Hell.'  Probably the most scary sentence that is ever written in this book.King has always been the Master of Horror, and he won't cease to be until he stops writing. His horror scenes send chills down your spine, makes you looked over your shoulder or out the window, and, at times, makes you not want to read in the dark.Five stars for this book, Rose Madder. Definetely a good start to anyone who wants to read King
Accurate and humorous, a good read!. Read this book if you want to know what it is like to live and breathe and be at MIT. Being at MIT is an honor, and a privilege that I take seriously...and a pain. Pay close attention to Pepper's underlying message...MIT is a place of beautiful torture and torturous beauty...a place students hate, but alumni miss dearly.A warning to readers...don't let his experience define yours. While I am currently going through much of what Pepper has described, I must give my fellow reviewers that his (or my) experience can be atypical. Last year, for eg, I breezed through and couldn't identify with most of Pepper's experiences. Most MIT student experiences lie between these extremes.The bottom line...accurately painted with a great sense of humor.
Absolutely Wonderful. This book is one of the most responsible books with runes I've ever come across.  Written thoughtfully and carefully, this tool can help anyone connect with their higher selves.  I highly recommend it to anyone interested in growth
Excellent introduction to the subject. I read this book as the assigned text for a course in Quantitative Analysis and found it to be an excellent text for such a class.  Each Model and equation presented is explained through realistic examples, illustrations, and explanations of the math.  This made the subject very easy to comprehend and apply to the real world.Exercises at the end of each chapter are also based on real-world situations and case studies are included in the book and the CD that go into more detail about a real world use for each model.The book was also easy to read and not overly technical when explaining mathematic concepts.  An excellent text for an introduction to the field of management science
A Must-Read for Educators. This book is an elegant masterpiece of simple and crucial insights -- and it's a joy to read. I had assumed that it would be relevant to marketers and their ilk, but I'm amazed how relevant it is to me (as a university professor). I will use the book to improve my lectures, my conference presentations, my grad student advising, my scholarly articles, etc. Anybody involved in education will benefit from reading this outstanding book
A wonderful book to read. An interesting book to read even if you have no interest in winter camping or travel. Mr Rutstrum traveled most of his life in the Canadian wilderness on snowshoes or by dog sled. He tells many interesting stories about his dealings with the Cree, trappers, and hermits, I am assuming the time frame is the 40's through the 60's. I love to read how people used to live before the days of snowmobiles and plowed roads. I highly recommend this book to anyone with a sense of adventure, it is a true classic
Delinquent Girls and their Minders. A pathbreaking work in women's history and the history of deviancy, this book argues (if not entirely convincingly) for a new interpretation of the history and relationship of girl delinquents and women reformers. Odem  traces the history of middle class women reformers towards sexual  delinquency by young girls through the particularly rich case history of  Los Angeles County. Noting the diverse cultures in L.A. (white, working  class, Hispanic, African-American) Odem argues that many girls who became  labeled &quot;wayward&quot; were acting out against oppressive and  repressive families who held old-fashioned and patriarchal views of girls'  sexuality. Odem also explores the eventually oppressive route that  reformers took in &quot;retraining&quot; wayward girls
a great finale. I thought this was a great ending to the set. The story goes well, you get a lot of character development, some great new characters are introduced, and there are a few surprises along the way. This is my second favorite book of the set, the first being the dragon of despai
A Delightful and Ground Breaking Survey and Study!. On an unfamiliar and unfrequently considered subject, we have a treasure (and hopefully a beginning!) in this book.  I'm familiar with authors Guo and Kennedy from their articles in "Classical Fighting Arts" magazine.  Like their well-referenced articles, this book does not disappoint!  Over the last 10 years, a change has been taking place in the martial arts community.  Serious scholars and the academically minded have broken with old mainline publishers and proponents of what could be termed McDojos and McKwoons (the "fast-food" schools of martial arts) to delve deeply into the history, applications, science, and philosophy of combative arts new & old.  As a result, we're witnessing the emergence of high caliber works such as this which not only challenge, but blow many popular martial arts myths out of the water.  This volume was not written as a challenge, but as a survey of historical written materials concerning Chinese martial arts.  Any debunking is purely incidental, really!Covering 30 different works over a period of about 400 years, Kennedy & Guo begin by explaining the importance of physical culture in China's traditional Military structure, and consider how it may have led to the emergence of the study of martial arts-as-physical culture and mechanism for self defence in wider Chinese society.  Each manual is examined by the authors in the context of the time it was written, other possible influences are duly considered.In reviewing thirty of the better known martial arts manuals of 17th through 20th century China and Taiwan, Guo and Kennedy provides oodles of new information about important authors and popular manuals about Chinese martial arts who prior to this book were considered obscure or mythical.  Included are numerous photographs and drawings from original publications to flesh out the teachings and people of an earlier age.  Background information is provided on the authors and leaders of various styles and methods in China and Taiwan.In martial arts, many stories and ideas have been disseminated through the written words of various authors.  Just as in present times, others who read these works and stories were influenced.  Kennedy & Guo make serious points for reiterating the influence these popular books had on common and influential Chinese people alike, explaining what these works taught and claimed, showing how available books on martial arts have impacted stories and practice of the Shaolin, literature, and even modern athletics and Wushu in China.  A superb study, holds the attention of the reader, many "ah-ha!" moments.  It really is high time for a work that examines Chinese martial arts in their historical context using the evidence available, manuals written by the earliest martial artists.  Here finally is a work which begins to fill the chasm caused by divergent language and culture.  What is left to us is understanding.
The rapture of Canaan. I loved this book.  For starters, the story is so unique it grabbed my attention from the start and never let go.  The main character was beautifully written and I found the book to be very thought provoking.  In my opinion, one of the few of Oprah's picks that I felt worthy of the praise
How to describe .... My friends and I read this when it first came out - covertly.  We were all very young and just coming out ourselves.  Within the pages of this book we found exactly what Larry Kramer did not intend for us to see: a sexy, partying, unfettered, glamorous gay New York.  Uh,huh.  The satire was lost on us. Rather, we all talked about partying our ....off and moving to New York. We lived in Boston- so we did the weekend thing instead.  Anyway, this is one trippy, weird and excessive novel. I really think all the excess undoes his intent and turns this into a Jackie Collins on hormones and mda extravagana.  Of course, that does not mean that it wasn't entertaining and the not-to-distant future ultimately proved Larry's point for him. Dance from the Dance does a much better job at tackling this theme
Compelling. The Spiral of Memory and Belonging is a good book but it is not a great book by any means.  I was at first riveted and then the fire died down as the author plunged into fluff and repetition without going anywhere.  Then the book redeemed itself at the discussion of the three spirals.  I was slightly taken aback at the description of the downward spiral.  I believe there are many reasons why someone could head downward.  The threshold and upward spiral were also useful.  I found the section on healing family/ancestral wounds also pertinent.  Although I wanted more.  I think the author has experienced much more and has a LOT to offer but this book only hints at it.  Definitely worthwhile reading for anyone new to shamantic practise but it is still vague and full of fluff for those familiar with these experiences.
Great book, great price. I am quickly becoming a fan of the Dover Thrift editions of classic literature. They are well-made, sturdy, and a great bargain. All of them that I have bought and assigned to my students have been $2.50. What can you buy for $2.50 anymore? Now you can have an entire library of unabridged classics at a more than reasonable rate.Jonathan Swift's "Gullivers Travels" is no exception to the rule. This brilliant 18th century satire endures to our times. Swift, in turns, attacks (in his subversive way) makind's vanities, follies, cruelties, and morals. The floating island crushing the lower island is still, to my mind, the best attack on England's merciless domination of Ireland.Some readers think: "I've heard so much about this book, but I didn't think it was so great." Certainly, our expectations about something that is considered a classic may outweigh the book itself. Please put aside whatever you might have heard and approach this book with an open mind. You will see it for the monument of English literature that it is.Rocco DormarunnoCollege of New Rochell
Prompts one to think deeply, differently, and then act. *** REFERS TO CD RECORDING ****After picking up and putting down the book countless times I finally listened to this on CD. The time and attention I didn't have for the print version came easily for the audio recording.Guiness is an engaging and enthusisatic speaker in full command of his subject matter. He draws on foundational Christian truths, historic and contemporary references, anecdotes, and a solid business acumen. He routinely distinguishes between what something is and is not (eg; vocation, calling, surrender) in unequivocal terms. Also, he consistently makes the point that the main reason for our existence is to glorify God; everything else in his presentation simply ties-back to this truth. He explains how we get distracted, how others have, and how we can correct our path, again providing examples. And unlike the Christianity Lite trend in America that often promotes wealth without work or responsibility, Guinness is explicit about the sacrifice inherent in a Christian life, using for example the lives of Leonidas, St. Francis, and Bonhoeffer. He also speaks of the joys of a truly God-centered life.I recommend THE CALL to anyone who is listening for their own call. It will help you distinguish between a calling and wish-fulfillment/fantasy, acquaint you with others who have heard their call, and inspire you to act. If you've already heard and responded to your call, you'll recognize Guinness as a fellow traveler.This 3-hour presentation was taped live at Highland Park Presbyterian Church in Dallas, Tx USA. The recording includes 3  audience Q&A sessions of about 10 minutes each. These were as informative as the main presentation, often reflecting the very questions I had while listening.Recording was produced by Wpublishinggroup.com in Nashville, TN USA
excellent source. Since I have the full set of this series (in one form or another)I couldn't resist getting this one, the latest.The internet has made researxh much easier, but it's still niceto bable to hold some books in your hands. This is one.The quality this time is as fine as that of all the other years.Does anyone else have a collection of all years?WayneWest Hollywood, CAduncanpark@adelphia.ne
The best single book about your Galapagos trip. Written by the owner of the tour company we decided to go with, I had ordered of copy of this from an Internet bookstore, only to find that we were to receive a free copy with our trip deposit. The extra went to Jill's mom, who travels vicariously with us when she and Bob aren't gallivanting about on their own. If you can only get one book for your trip to the Galapagos, this is the most comprehensive, covering booking a tour; the history, geology, botany, zoology of the islands; and photographing flora, fauna and landscape, all written in a light, humorous style. Other guide books go into farther detail on some items, but this is the best one stop shop
Absolutely Brilliant. The bad stuff first: this book almost has to be read twice. The idea of conceptual blending has many different sides (the different types of conceptual blend, compression within a blend, how certain grammatical structures call up this or that blend, etc.), and there is just no way to provide all of these different sides at once. The first few chapters are therefore pretty rough going, since some of the material that you should ideally have in order to understand them does not come until much later. Part of this is due to imperfect arrangement on the part of the authors, and part of it comes from the complexity of the topic itself. This is not a beach read by any means.However, if you can plow through the first few chapters, the ideas within are extremely useful. The authors explain metaphor as a special case of what they call conceptual blending, which can also explain how certain words have the meanings which they do (e.g., "prevent," "fake," "eligible") as well as how certain syntactical structures call up meanings in our minds (e.g., "Joe is my boss," "jailbait," "houseboat"). The point is that literal meaning is not the default that our mind uses, with metaphor being the mind's last resort: rather, conceptual blending is the basis for how the mind constructs meaning, with judgments about the literal or metaphorical nature of meaning being added on later.This book works marvellously well alongside certain works by George Lakoff and Mark Johnson (e.g., Philosophy Made Flesh). Definitely a good addition to your library if you're curious about the nature and origins of language, meaning, and higher-order rational thought in human beings
Good thoughts. a mixture of essays which sometimes compliment, sometimes contradict and sometimes agree.  I have no idea what the other reviewer was smoking when he bashed Driscoll.  I read the book and there were some critcisms in there, but it was not to be found in Driscoll's essay.  I actually appreciated his humble honesty on the journey of his CHurch. Pretty funny too.All in all the book is good, especially to read with someone and then discuss if you are in church leadership
Waugh's farce about the newspaper trade and making a name for oneself. Evelyn Waugh's send-up of the newspaper business, and where in other novels he could be bitterly satirical, here he's wildly farcical and broadly comical. William Boot, a nature writer for the DAILY BEAST, ("Feather-footed through the plashy fen passes the questing vole" is given as an example of his "high-class style" of writing), is mistaken for the novelist John Boot and is sent to the African country of Ishmaelia. Here he encounters other journalists, many of them American, who are all looking for the scoop that will make them famous. Boot meets and falls in love with a woman named Kachen, and immediately the nave Boot is in over his head romantically. But it's she who slips Boot the news about a planned coup d'etat, and the simple-minded journalist scoops everyone and eventually comes home a hero. Of course the wrong Boot (John) is given knighthood and the book ends, after additional mistaken identities are made, with everything being righted and Boot (William) going back to writing his innocuous nature articles, none the worse (or better) for wear. Waugh's humor is bright and airy, very reminiscent of P.G. Wodehouse, who is actually alluded to at one point in the story. Lots and lots of laughs from beginning to end
An eerily entertaining title. I have purchased Shalamov's short story compilation in 1989 in Hungarian edition. The author's picture was on the back most probably an old camp photograph that struck me because in it he looked like a man having suffered a lot and being close to the end.When I started reading them I wondered how could someone write stories in a way he did. He had no sensible emotion towards the players neither positive nor negative, yet I was moved by the stories.I bought Kolyma Tales in English because it contained a wider compilation than the other edition (turned out later that it still did not contain several stories that the other version did; still I have to look for more?). Some new stories were equally as good as those in the other book, some were just a snapshot of a situation or short series of events. A few were tiring to read perhaps because of the many other ones that I read previously, I felt these somewhat less interesting. But the closing few stories are really good. On the other hand I miss very much "Course" from this compilation (Hungarian edition did contain it). This is the tale that helps us understand how and why Shalamov managed to survive.It was interesting to compare the Hungarian text and the English text. I have found some minor differences at places. These were generally phrasing differences, that is, not the exact words were used (as if each translator had used different original text), but the meaning was achieved (still I'd be curious how it is really written in Russian). In particular, one example of this is in "Lawyers' Plot", when the guards and Andreev talk to reach other in a roadside buffet where they stopped for the night on the way to their destination, involving a third prisoner. There is even some extra words/sentences in this English version compared to the Hungarian one.For those who have never read Shalamov's tales I strongly suggest buying and reading it. The typesetting of this book is very eye friendly enabling reading easy. And entertainment is guaranteed even if it is an eery one
A Great Historical Fiction Book. When my eighth grade English teacher told my class that we had to read a historical fiction book for a book project, I thought I was doomed.  I didn't particularly want to read a book about boring history.  I searched and searched everywhere for an exciting book that I would like and finally I found the book Cast Two Shadows by Ann Rinaldi.  I had heard Ann Rinaldi was a terrific writer, so I thought I would give this book a try.  I am very glad I picked this book because it is definately not just a boring historical book.The book took place in Camden, South Carolina, just after the Revolutionary War had arrived there.  It is about a fourteen-year-old girl named Caroline Witaker and how her world has been turned upsidedown because of the war.  Her Patriot father who is the leading rebel in Camden has just been taken off to jail by the British and her brother is off fighting for the British on the opposite side of the war.  Her best friend has just been hung by the British and her sister has fallen in love with the British officer who took over Caroline's house.  Throughout this book, Caroline is forced to face conflicts within herself and make tough decisions that will impact her life and the life of her family forever.I enjoyed this book very much and thought it was certainly worth my time.  The beginning was a little bit slow and kind of confusing, but once I got past the first few chapters, the story got really exciting and it didn't want to put it down.  The book had a good plot, was very interesting, and actually helped me learn a lot about our country's history without it being boring. It taught me so much about the Revolutionary War that I probably would have never known and it helped me to understand what life was like back then.  Another thing I liked about it was that it put me in the place of Caroline Witaker and made me feel like I was her.  I would highly recommend this book to anyone looking for a good historical fiction book or even just a good leisure book.
An Exceptional Man. I've never been a JFK detractor or big fan but have always admired the way JFK, Jr. carried himself.  This book confirms that what the public saw in the brief moments was really exactly what he appeared to be, a well grounded, bright, loyal, compassionate man who valued his privacy but could live with the attention maybe better than anyone thus far.Written by one of John's longest friend, Billy Noonan describes how they met on the Cape and how they lived their lives.  Billy spent a great deal of time with Jackie also and gives a great perspective of her life and his respect for her.  In addition, Billy lost a father at 13 and had this in common with Jr.This book is nothing more than a tale of two Baby Boomers living in a glorious period in America.  But when one of the "normal" individuals is JFK, Jr., it takes on an entirely different perspective.  The incidents that happened due to this fame are interesting to read as he relays his fascination and JFK, Jr.'s frustration dealing with the problem.  Unfortunately, Carolyn Bessette was not equipped to deal with this intrusion into a normal life.  I remember the incident where JFK poured water on a paparazzi on the Cape intruding on Carolyn and how he later came out and talked with the photographer attempting to apologize or at least ask for space.  This is what is conveyed in this book. A compassionate individual who understood much more than the world will ever know.  Always willing to help others in the world and as relayed by Noonan, a deeper understanding of the world problems brought out in their debates where Noonan took on a more conservative approach.I haven't voted Democratic and encourage you to not let your politics influence your decision to read this book.  JFK Jr. is as close as this country will ever have to royalty and this book confirms what I've always felt, he wears the crown well.
Must Have World Building Reference Book. My husband is a publisher with little time to read for pleasure, so when I saw that the book he had purchased had quickly gone from "brand new condition" to "over worn and dog eared" I had to read it for myself.The Complete Guide to Writing Fantasy is a great book for anyone who is interested in writing fantasy. It is an excellent book in the sense that it covers the basics giving the reader fundamentally all the information that they would need to know to construct their own fantasy world from scratch and how to do so with confidence.Some of the review posted here are in my opinion very harsh and edged toward the bitter. Collectively, the biggest complaint appears to be that the authors who participated were not "big enough names" in their field. To that I say, Steven King's non-fiction novel, On Writing, is currently on the shelf in many Dollar Stores.Theresa "Terry" Bane, author of The Bloodthirsty Weasels: On the Loose and Buck Wild
The Breakthroughs in Modern Cosmology. "For the briefest instant at the origin of time when all laws of physics on an equal footing, all nature's elementary constituents, heavy and light alike, interacted freely and democratically. The most exotic particles known, or even dreamt of, by man were liberated to participate in this unrestrained interchange."  PrologueLeft-Handed Creation:"Amino acids, the molecular building blocks of life (except for a few) are all left-handed.... Why life on the molecular level is like this is a mystery... The astronomers believe that this left-hand bias began long before our Sun was even born. ... Many scientists believe that life could only have developed on Earth because of the bias towards left-handed molecules."  (Dr David Whitehouse, BBC Online, July 1998)The Mysterious Universe:In the updated new revision to their insightful guide, written for attentive inquirers seeking a telltale that helps solving the old riddle of the cosmological origins, a plausible account for the evolution of the universe, that provides a fascinating view of the different perspectives on this topic was integrally explored. The acclaimed astronomy educators provided the reader with a fresh introduction to survey the main developments on the new phase that cosmology erupted into, the decade following the book's first edition.Cosmology 101:One useful method to enjoy the enormous range of scientific topics covered was to read the introduction and prologue, review the Conclusions and Conundrums, before following attentively the authors account of the provocative dynamic unfolding of the Left hand of creation on the Cosmic debate; Cosmos, Origins, creation, evolution, and finally Chaos to cosmos.In a masterful brief introductory to the thought evoking guide using a minimal technical terminology, to which a thorough Glossary (10 pages) was appended, the astronomical universe's most puzzling features are explored in the light of the technological revolution from the Hubble telescope to the micro computers. In a reader friedly escort, onto the NASA Cosmic Explorer COBE, you will be fascinated by the scientific account from the primordial furnace during the initial Big Bang to develop into moving streams of galaxies, and from nucleosynthesis to superstrings, dark matter, explaining the idea of inflation.Cosmos from Chaos:The serious inquiry starts with the controversial debate on adam's belly button, and proceeds on the age of the cosmos utilizing clear and informative graphics from Hubble law to Le Chatalier principle applied to the universe phase transition. I am at a great loss to review the book landmarks which covered the genius human vision to percieve the predictions and link them with the proofs from Friedman to Eddington on the expanding universe, and the curious origin of Bondi's Steady-state concept of 'creation ex nihilo' initiated by the great master John Philoponus of the sixth century Alexandrine Academy.Acclaimed authors:Dr. John Barrow, FRS, is an English theoretical physicist and Research Professor of Mathematical Sciences at the University of Cambridge. He is also a popular-science writer, he obtained his doctorate from the University of Oxford, and has worked at the University of California at Berkeley. His first book, The Left Hand of Creation, published in 1983, and has authored further 15 books.Dr. Joseph Silk, is Professor of Astronomy and chairman of Oxford University Astrophysics, following a 30-year career at the U. of California, Berkeley. Professor Silk, a Ph.D. in Astronomy from Harvard, (two hundred invited lectures on primarily galaxy formation and cosmology), is author of many popular articles and books 'The Big Bang, and 'A Short History of Universe.'
Daring to Dream. I enjoyed this book very much. I am going to read the whole dream trilogy just so I can find out what happens to Josh and Margo. I thought that &quot; Daring to Dream&quot; was an excellent book, but the ending was slightly unrealistic. Why would Josh forgive her when she was kissing another man? Overall, the book was good, though
Best Victorian Novel?. Most people consider Dickens the greatest English novelist or the greatest Victorian novelist at the very least.  While I admire Dickens' abilities, none of his novels that I've read comes close to MIDDLEMARCH in terms of accessibility, wisdom, character development or coherant plotting.This is not to argue that MIDDLEMARCH is a perfect work of literary art, or at least not in the eyes of today's readers.  Many a modern reader will be put off by its length, the challenging vocabulary and complex sentences, Eliot's frequent allusions to political, religious, literary, artistic and philosophical esoterica, her characters' hyperbolic fear of "scandals" (laughable by today's standards), their views on the place of women in society, and Eliot's fussy Victorian "not" phrases that overflow throughout. (A random turn of the pages yields the following examples:  "One fine morning a young man whose hair was not immoderately long ...."  Same paragraph:  "He was sufficiently absorbed not to notice ...."  Next paragraph:  "... a breathing blooming girl whose form, not shamed by ....") These begin to NOT thrill the reader before too long.But my litany of minor criticisms aside (and they are minor), Eliot's masterwork certainly challenges GREAT EXPECTATIONS, BLEAK HOUSE and DAVID COPPERFIELD for sheer reading pleasure, and far exceeds Dickens' novels in seriousness of topic and tone.  As Virginia Woolf famously observed, MIDDLEMARCH was written for grownups.The one area in which Eliot clearly cannot challenge Dickens is humor.  Dickens was a gifted humorist and created many a character simply to make his readers laugh, whereas Eliot appears to have been mostly uninterested in such trivial pursuits.  Perhaps serious Victorian grownups weren't supposed to laugh?But fear not, if you give it a chance, you too will be swept up into Eliot's MIDDLEMARCH world, and you will find yourself caring a great deal about the fate of Dorothea Brooke, Tertius Lydgate, Will Ladislaw, Mary Garth, and the rest of her pantheon of characters, all of whom, far more than any of Dickens' creations, seem of flesh and blood rather than caricatures on a page.So, to answer the title question:  is MIDDLEMARCH the best Victorian novel?  Hard to say, but it gives GREAT EXPECTATIONS an excellent run for the money.High on my lengthy soon-to-read list:  Eliot's DANIEL DERONDA, THE MILL ON THE FLOSS and ADAM BEDE.
On Par with Angela's Ashes. Frank McCourt made his bones in "Angela's Ashes" by recounting the tales of his life in Ireland to the millions who understood where he was coming from. Many have read Angela's Ashes more than once -- so close to the heart did it hit.In his next novel, "Tis," he did what any self-respecting Irishman would do - he took a Mulligan and milked the notoriety of "Angela's Ashes" for all it was worth. His fans forgave him and waited for this writer of lyrical prose to get his act together.With the publishing of "Teacher Man" the wait has ended. He did what his story-telling nature does best - he told of the events in his real life as a teacher in the ethnic public schools around NY City.The book is a 5-star delight. To his millions of Irish fans, he has undoubtedly added the teachers who struggle to educate reluctant adolescents.
What would your narrative say?. Kathy Dobie is a powerful yet simple writer. The prologue immediately pulls you in and touches each of your senses as well as your memory and empathy as the story develops.It is fascinating to watch the old and young Kathy make the connections about how the past and present combine to who you are. If there is any one lack in this memoir is that once the "definitive moment" actually takes place I don't feel I completely understand how the protagonist really grew past it. We know what she does at 17 and where she is now but I found myself wanting to know what the 20 years in between were like. Now granted, that would have been a really long memoir!This is a very well written memoir and I love the quote, "What narrative has this person fashioned to help him or her survive?" Kathy Dobie is speaking of those that she now writes about but it is about herself and all of us. We all create a story about ourselves but it is up to each of us to decide how true it really is.This ia great read
Beautiful. This book makes it easy for you to teach your little one about the Gospel of Jesus. It taught me a lot too! It's very similar to the book, "Now I Know the Ten Commandments" - very colorful. It has examples of current day problems and how they are handled according to the Bible. I would recommend this book to every mother and grandmother who have a desire to teach their child about our Lord. Thank you
entertaining historical who-done-it. Edgar Allan Poe is despondent because his wife, who is also his cousin, is very ill and in danger of dying.  Poe's friend PT Barnum recommends he take her to see Dr. Farragat in Concord, Massachusetts.  The physician uses homeopathic remedies concentrating on botanicals that provide amazing results.  Barnum offers to fund the trip from New York if Poe will stop in Boston to pick up items from a killer who hung himself.Poe agrees and with his spouse Sissy stay at the home of the sister-in-law of a friend of Barnum, Mrs. Randall.  While there Poe helps prove to the police that Elise Belton, whom he met at a show given by dentist Dr. Marston, was murdered instead of accidental drowned.  In Concord, Dr. Farragut accepts Sissy as a patient, but his medicines are stolen by he believes his enemy Dr. Cassidy, who calls him a quack.  Poe returns to Boston where he becomes embroiled in a series of murders that include the deaths of the dentist Dr. Marston, as well as Mrs. Randall, her maid, Ms Belton and daguerreotypist Herbert Ballinger.  Poe assumes a serial killer is at work, but to prove it before returning to Concord is impossible.Harold Schechter portrays Poe as a person who believes in his own genius as he has a high opinion of himself.  His love for his wife which means risking his life for her keeps Poe from being totally insufferable.  There is some graphic violence in some scenes as Poe's tales are not for the faint of heart.  The complexity of the murders and Poe's subsequent investigation make THE TELL-TALE CORPSE an entertaining historical who-done-it.Harriet Klausner
A Jab Through the Soul. A vivid, compelling tale, replete with memorable characters -- a punch drunk pugilist and pickled crop picker -- in unsettling scenarios. You, I. . . almost every one of us has hit bottom and asked how'd this happen, is there no way out? These guys hit harder than most, and we feel every bump along the way. For them, there are no easy outs. As for us, we come away appreciating our lot in life just a little bit more
A Writer's Best Friend. The Writer's Legal Guide is an invaluable reference for published and unpublished writers alike. Relevant and significant areas of the law are explained in helpful and easy to understand terms. This book is essential to dealing successfully with the business side of publishing, as all writers must at some point in their careers. Learn your rights and responsibilities as a writer, become knowledgeable about Copyright and First Amendment law, and be prepared to handle publishers and agents. The Writer's Legal Guide is well prepared to be your "guide"
Talk to snakes?. Well guess what its Harry's second year at Hogwarts.  He's back with Hermione and Ron.  He's just discovered that he can talk to snakes but doesn't know why, until after a while they tell him he can speak parsel tongue (able to speak to snakes).  This gets him into trouble because he goes into the girl's bathroom and starts to speak parsel tongue and  it opens a secret door to the chamber of secrets.  There he faces Tom Riddle and wins by destroying his journal
A good book for a beginner. This is exactly what I wanted ... a great beginners book.  Told me everything that I needed to know to start my business. I read that other review of the book and actually don't agree with it. This is not for you if you want a &quot;franchise&quot; type book. It's a simple primer and nothing more. Ms. Giovanni never claims to have all the answers, she just gives you a great beginning.  I too waited three weeks and am very happy with the book. It didn't answer all my questions, but then again I have never read a book yet that did
Excellent Resource. This is an excellent resource for imaging development with Java and an altogther beautiful book complete with glossy, color pages. The only downside to this text is that there seems to be a new imaging API every week in the Java world. Even still, this is a great source to help you get started
The &quot;benchmark&quot; in Customer Service. I initially read this book almost ten years ago, I was impressed then.  I have read many books since and reread the book a few days ago.  I'm even more impressed now.  It is the &quot;benchmark&quot; in customer service.   An honest, logical, and reasonable approach to customer service.  Follow  the suggestions, you and your customers will benefit.  I e-mailed the  author with a question and guess what.  I got an answer within HOURS.   Finally a guy that &quot;walks his talk&quot;
The Farming of bones. This is an interesting book that engages you in the culture of a foreign land
best backjack book ever. I have been collecting blackjack books for the past 25 years and this one is the best.Why? Beacause it introduces the simplest effective card counting system devised to date. The writing is clear , the instructions are precise  and above all the system is simple relative to others.Absorbing the material will take time but you will be well rewarded if you succeed. If you progressto &quot;full&quot; matrix indices ,buy James Grosjean s book Beyond Counting and  see if you want to lern soft doubling indices as wel
This book makes the Brooklyn Bridge all the more alive... I have been fascinated by the Brooklyn Bridge ever since my art history professor talked about it's importance back in my first art history survey class in college - and having now moved to Brooklyn I appreciate it all the more.  In fact, it was in the middle of the Brooklyn Bridge this past March of 2005 that I proposed to my wife - so the Brooklyn Bridge will always be an important memory for both of us.David McCullough brings the Bridge alive in incredible ways throughout his book, showing the fierce power struggles in so many different realms of the society that ultimatly built the Brooklyn Bridge.  The book spans every topic about the bridge that anyone could possible want, from the complex engineering used to bring the cassions down to the bottom of the East River to Emily Roebling's dynamic personality and her role in the building of the bridge.There are so many things in this world that have truly fascinating histories, but sadly history is often made out to be boring.  McCullough is to be commended for how interesting he makes every detail of the bridge, from the begining to the end of the book.  Having read this book, I'll never see the bridge quite the same way - like the book cover says.
Excellent Bible-Based Book. Mr. Hesselgrave is an excellent author and has a very Biblical based philosophy on worldwide missions
The Elefant and the Flea. Mr. Handy's book sets forth some very original insights on democracy and the current challenges facing large organizations. Most significant to me, as a newcomer to "Fleadom" the book encouraged me to revisit my thoughts from a personal, family, societal and professional point of view. Mr. Handy's book was both inspirational and pragmatic
Everything hits at once. Having not been born until the decade was nearly over, the legendary hedonism of the seventies was something I could never experience, so this book is probably the closest I'll ever come.  The third book in Updike's Rabbit series, it continues to follow the life of Harry Angstrom, who seems to plow through life mostly be reacting, as opposed to taking a firm hand in events.  The books don't need to be read in order, but there are certain slim plot threads that are carried over and some scenes have extra resonance as they echo earlier events.  But isn't that the same with any life, some things just have more meaning if you know the story behind it.  In this third novel Harry is settling down, living at his mother-in-law's house with his wife (they're back together now, and Harry even works cordially with the man she cheated on him with) while he works at the used car lot.  Somehow he's achieved some state of stability, while not filthy rich, he's well off and he and his wife go out often with other well off couples from the area, playing tennis and hanging out by the pool.  Overall, life's pretty good.  Except it's not.  Harry keeps thinking that the yoing girl he's seen around town a few times might be his daughter by way of his lover Ruth almost twenty years ago.  And his son Nelson comes back to make trouble, escaping college, torn between two women and just complicating life in general.  The best thing about the Rabbit novels is that they don't have a "plot" per se as much as direction, they function as a snapshot of a certain period of time and Updike manages to orchestrate events so that they have a natural rising action and climax that good fiction demands, while at the same time making it feel perfectly natural, following the rhythms of life.  With his keen eye he depicts people caught in the decadence of the seventies even as everything was about to slide apart around them, it's the story of people shaped not only by the times, but by each other and the times that went before them.  Harry remains a strangely endearing character, selfish and self-absorbed, directionless but looking for a way out, possessed of a weird code of decency that expresses itself in some odd ways.  His discussions with his son are some of the best parts of the book, as Harry tries to help the kid out, their conversations quickly devolve into accusations and lead nowhere.  Harry doesn't want to listen to his son and Nelson wants to hear nothing of what his dad has to say.  Harry seems painfully self-aware of what's going on around him but powerless to do anything about it, striking out at various things to make him feel like he's doing something productive when in the end he's just spinning his wheels.  Nelson has grown up finally and grown nowhere at all as well, in contrast to his father, who has achieved some domestic calm, Nelson acts like a man constantly trapped, boxed in every time he turns around, not sure if this option is the best one but sure it was better than the one before and maybe if he waits long enough and dallies, something better will present itself.  All of these characters act and interact and intersect under the guise of Updike's finely tuned prose, his gift for description propelling even the slowest scene with a steady progression, providing a calm voice to every character's thoughts, imbuing even the most hollow person with a bit of life.  The book has the messy cadence of life, with irrelevant conversations and asides, tangents that don't go anywhere and yet it's all guided by the steady hand of his words, carrying it to the only conclusions, checking us out so he can pause for a second and get ready to check in again ten years later to see how Harry is doing.  In Harry Angstrom Updike has created as close to a real person (a real American, since he's so shaped by time and place) in all his imperfections and screwed up traits than most of us will ever see.  People who say that it's "about nothing" miss the point.  People who say "you can cut a lot of it out" miss the point.  It's a prose photograph, showcasing all the messy details in all their glory, the same way you can't erase the house in the background because it clashes with the color of your shirt.  You have to just take it all in, and make what you can of it
Very thorough. I am reading this book to my 10 year old son and it is very interesting to him.  He likes the pictures too.  It has everything about anger, from all aspects and is written at his level too.  I would highly recommend it.
Inside the Skinny of the Big Show. Okay, are you interested at all in the Academy Awards? If you are, even a glimmer of interest, then this is absolutely the book for you. Steve Pond has a true gift; the ability to witness the inner workings of a fabulous show, and the ability to write about it in an entertaining, fast-paced way.Steve Pond was granted unprecedented access to the most recent Oscar shows, and reports many findings in The Big Show. He doesn't shy away from sharing his opinions about certain celebrities, and will name names when warranted. Nothing in his book is outright slanderous, most of it is fair reporting of the things that he observed. One thing that surprised me were the amount of Hollywood stars that were smokers.Pond also painstakingly reports about all of the behind the scene work that goes into the sometimes four-plus hour long production. From the producers endless job of overseeing the masses of people and masses of egos, to the director, who somehow needs to make this marathon visually entertaining, the people behind the scenes get their deserved credit. I shall never watch this show without a now deeper understanding of all of the hours, days, weeks, and months of work it takes to put those hours on my television screen.I highly recommend this book as an engaging, entertaining read. Here's hoping that Steve Pond finds himself at this year's Oscars, and we get another behind the scenes look at this amazing process
Greg at his best. it was wonderful to return to Cage's hometown and spend days in suspense. There have only been a couple books written by Greg Iles that didn't hold my interest. This certainly wasn't one of them. Like in most books there was a period about 2/3 of the way through that he could have moved on a little faster, but the story was interesting, sad, perhaps almost too true and brought so many aspects of life in a small southern town. The ending certainly did throw me, I wonder how many others will be surprised. I hope he does more books using a similar setting.
Good Book For Vienna. Just got back from a weekend drive to Vienna. There is a ton of usefull info in this book. I wish there was a fold out map covering all of Vienna though. (Our hotel gave us one for free). I can't speak for the Hotel recomendations but the restaurant picks were solid. For like 16 Euro you can get a 72hr public transit pass. This pass also gets you museum discounts and freebies at seletcted restaurants
very good book, not so good movie. this was the first david baldacci book i ever read.  i really liked this one! i was trmendously dissapointed in the movie though.  when i heard clint eastwood was in it i thought great! when i watched it.. and saw that the main character of the book was not even in the movie.. snoozer.at any rate.. this is worth reading. i don't think it would make a good cd, several "audio books" i've listened to don't do the books any honor.  just the paperback, and nice cold drink and some good lighting.. :) that's all you'll need and it'll be great to read. :
Abs-olute nutrition. I live in Boulder, Colorado, the center of the fitness universe, where body fat is considered a physical disability. I hike, run, cycle, spin, do yoga, and work out daily. Six months ago, I started the "Abs Diet" with the objective of losing weight and trimming my stomach. I also adding moderate weightlifting to my workout routine. Although it really hasn't seemed that I'm "dieting," has it worked?Abs-olutely.Ninety-five percent of all diets to fail. The Abs Diet (as set forth in "The Abs Diet: The Six-Week Plan to Flatten Your Stomach and Keep You Lean for Life") is not a fad. It doesn't require calorie counting or eliminating whole food groups from your diet. It is about achieving abs-olute fitness through sensible nutrition, powering up the metabolism (the body's natural fat burner) by eating six meals a day of twelve Superfoods that include almonds and other nuts, beans and legumes, spinach and other green vegatables, low-fat dairy, oatmeal, eggs, turkey and other lean meats, peanut butter, olive oil, whole grains, extra protein (whey), raspberries and other berries, avoiding processed foods, sugars and trans fats, while getting into the habit of working out. The "diet" not only allows for two or three alcoholic drinks a week (for me, red wine), but also cheating once a week by eating anything you want (yes, that even means pizza, buffalo wings, or ice cream). Other recommendations include eating smaller meals without starving yourself, drinking smoothies, and drinking water instead of high-fructose sodas. By increasing the body's metabolism and gaining some muscle, the Abs Diet promises to burn that fat away, resulting in a longer, healthier life, better sex, and a stronger back. The Abs Diet is not so much a "diet" as a common-sense nutritional approach to achieving total fitness.This guide is a portable companion to the "Abs Diet: The Six-Week Plan to Flatten Your Stomach and Keep You Lean for Life."  It details the "power foods" recommended by The Diet, and includes "Abs Diet Endorsements" for proper food choices and recipes for wraps, snacks and smoothies. The guide is a smart, entertaining, and useful supplement to the "Abs Diet: The Six-Week Plan to Flatten Your Stomach and Keep You Lean for Life" that promises to keep its reader lean for life.G. Merritt
A Very Enjoyable Book!. I found this book delightful!  I liked and identified with the main character, Isabel Dalhousie, especially as she sought to do the right thing even when all others advised her against any action.  The book opens with Isabel attending a concert and a young man falls from the balcony of the concert hall to his death.  It is ruled an accident but something keeps nagging at Isabel that there was more to it than that.  Isabel uses her talent as a philospher to help her uncover the truth behind the young man's death.The characters in the book are amusing, self-centered, and true-to-life in many ways.  Isabel is a well drawn character with real flaws as are the other major characters in this novel.  The writing is very detailed which made me feel like I was actually in Edinburgh.  Isabel was my favorite character of course but her housekeeper Grace comes in second.  What a delight it was to hear what came from Grace's mouth.This book is not as light or easy as his Ladies' Detective Agency books but it is a wonderful read nonetheless.  I thoroughly enjoyed it and I look forward to reading his second book in this series
Best book on the subject. Frankly, there isn't a better book on Middle Eastern cooking. If you want healthy, mediterranean style cooking and are tired of Italian food, this is a great book to use
A beautifully written account of colonial SC's culture. Robert Olwell, a recognized authority on the early history of South  Carolina, has written a fresh account of that colony's cultural  development.  Focusing on the tension between the cultural standards  emanating from the English metropole and the slave society that developed  on the shores of a strange continent, Olwell provides an intriguing  perspective on the formation of colonial power relations.  Olwell begins  his study with an overview of South Carolina's history from the Stono slave  uprising in 1739 through the Revolutionary period.  Subsequent chapters  explore, in turn, the legal system, the Anglican church, the market  economy, the plantation household, and the revolution against English  authority.  Olwell eases the reader into his sophisticated analysis by  opening each chapter with anecdotes emphasizing the human and personal  element of history.  A talented writer, the author manages to present his  incredibly thorough research without numbing the reader to the compelling  drama of this period.  In short, this book should be required reading for  anyone interested in the history of South Carolina, the history of slavery  in colonial America, and the relationship between the colonial American  elite and the English and African cultures that spawned South Carolina's  society in the New World
Welcome departure from the Pattersonian norm. Versatility is no longer a prized quality in writers ;maybe it is the demands of marketeers or a public desire for predictability but it is now by no means common for writers to move dexterously between genres in the way such emimnent storytellers as Conan Doyle and Gore Vidal  were wont to doThus I should imagine several eyebrows were raised when the name of James Patterson was attached  to this historical novel set in 11th century France immediately after the failure of the Crusade lead by Peter the Hermit .The tale is narrated by Hugh DeLuc ,the eponymous jester .He goes  on the Crusade and on his return finds his wife abducted ,the son he never saw dead and his community ransacked and pillaged .These depradataions are the work of his liege lord ,Baldwin and Hugh vows revenge and to liberate his wife from Baldwin' s castle .He is helped in his task by a young and sympathetic noblewoman ,Emilie ,This is not the only plot strand however and the book also deals with the depradations of the Black Cross organisation which is raiding and pillaging the countryside -they are seeking a precious religious artefact believed to have been brought from the Holy Land .The plot strains interweave when it is revealed that Hugh is the unwitting owner of the object being sought .Hugh organises a revolt of the local peasantry aganst Baldwin's tyrannical rule as they put lives and souls on the lineThe book is not short on action with scenes of pitched battles and single combat being plentiful and the usual characteristics of Patterson's books are present and correct-short ,punchy sentences and chapters ,plus a driving and propulsive narrative .My primary criticism of the book is that it makes little attempt to get under the skin of the period or to convey a real sense of " this is how it was way back then " and while the authors cite historical sources it is not clear to me where they have utilised themThe underlying theme of the power of religion to motivate acts of terror is still pertinent today and the book is never less than lively and entertaining .It is not a major piece of historical fiction but it is a lively read and will give readers a good time especially if they can ignore some wooden characters and flavourless dialogueGood escapism
Great Book. This is  great book for the people who have been following the other books, from Tetsuo, Kwi, and Aisha. I recommend this book to anybody who likes books with mgic and twists in them
Good explanation. Out of the now almost countless array of books published over the last decade and meant to `explain' what happened in Yugoslavia, John Allcock's "Explaining Yugoslavia" is among the best. In fact, readers need go no farther if they're looking for a one-volume analysis of the former Yugoslavia and some of the underlying reasons for the country's violent and bloody collapse. Allcock, a sociologist, analyzes historical, cultural, political, social/societal, economic and other factors and skillfully ties them together to provide a comprehensive picture of the peoples of the former Yugoslavia and reasonable answers to the question of why their common state fell apart. Allcock essentially sees the root cause for the failure of Yugoslavia in the country's economy, but this is hardly economic reductionism - he stresses the importance of the interplay of numerous other factors. If this book is not the definitive `explanation of Yugoslavia' (something that will likely never be achieved), it is a large and important step in that direction
I Really Liked this one. A good thriller, that was very Grisham.Delivered on exactly what you read Grisham for.
The best book about writing I have ever read. Really.  It's a great book.  You should buy it.   You'll really like it.  I promise.  Unless you don't like informative books about writing and are not Stephen King fan.  Then you probably won't like this book.  But then why are you looking at this page?I think you truly do like Stephen King and you will like this book.
Coalitions and Movements. Tavis writes what should be an inspiring and enlightening book for us all. He has reawakened a consciousness in all people that portrays the fact that we must take a stand for something or we will fall for anything.  In every  way we must continue to encourage each other to rise, take action and make  a difference, which is what advocacy is all about anyway.  Tavis gives us  the inspiration to do just that.  Thanks Tavis for the uplifting words that  will bring us out of complacency and into ACTION
Review from someone who's not known as a handyman. I bought this book to build a 6' privacy fence.  I didn't know the first thing about building a fence but this book takes you by the hand and walks you through each step.  The author does a great job of keeping things simple for the reader/beginner and includes illustrations and photos to help you envision the process.  I keep referring back to sections of this book as I continure to build.  Highly reccomend this book to all beginners
Solid advice. I found the Backup half particularly relevant and useful for coverage of why booting is important (ignored by many backup systems, because it's *hard*), and why archival is important (because propagating data loss sucks). Both books are well-written with lots of useful content, and contained things I hadn't known (my Mac experience goes back to Mac OS X Public Beta, and before that to the original 128k 'Mac' (no model name, as there were no other models yet).Disclaimer: I read drafts of both books
Fantastic Book!!!. This book is like an instruction manual for a child with developmental delays.  It explains why a child does a lot of the things they do, like falling down, and what you can do to help.  Things to help with speech delays, etc.  Also, a great reference book to go back to read
Searching for Alpha: The Quest for Exceptional Investment Performance. Excellent, yet easy read.  Yields a brief insight in most of the important topics surrounding "alpha"
Family Baggage/Deadly Business Sins. I have been the owner of a family business for over twenty five years and found Mr. Flemings book to be very accurate and insightful.  My wife and I both read his book and agreed that we had committed all of the &quot;deadly  sins&quot; to some degree over the years.  The book was enjoyable to read,  humorously presented and it generated a great deal of discussion among our  family and friends. Highly recommended
Affluenza?. Written long before modern realization of how our desire for affluence as part of our "right by birth" has largely caused such things as global warming and elimination of species, Galbraith gives a very indepth expos of the origins and tendencies of the North American material ethos.  I would have given this book 4.5 or 5 stars save for the fact that it takes a bit of work on the reader to bring it fully up to date with respect to some of the consequences we now see.That said, I would heartily recommend this work prior to reading his or other author's more recent works on the direction of modern western society
Some tough critics. I can't believe anyone gave this less than five stars.  Her earlier work is a bit quirky, but she hits it on the nail here.  The academic world updated and as observant as Kingsley Amis in "Lucky Jim", racial sensitivity examined with humor and precision, great characters... I loved it
GREAT RESOURCE!!. A winner in its class!  This book is a great resource and value.  For under $20.00 it has great visual information for the architect or designer, or the interested design afficionado.  Unlike most picture books on restaurants, which feature themey, ugly, resort type projects, this book has loads of fresh, modern design. A must have for restaurant designers
Great Book !. This book is full of the kind of infromation I was looking for. While I don't think I want to start shaving braces and tone bars to tune a guitar top right now, it definitely has show me the meticulous process and the technical nature of the art. After reading this book, I feel more able to try a kit guitar someday.This book is definitely worth the buying unless you are already a luthier. I don't care what anyone else has written...this book, for non-luthiers, is great...period
A great book to get the dialogue going... I checked out this book from our public library and read it  first on my own.  The format of the book is several short chapters filled with great information followed by questions submitted by girls, which then the author goes on to answer. The book is written in words that are easy for kids to understand and the illustrations are clever and funny.  In the other reviews, I read about concerns with the subject of masturbation.  That is found ONLY in a question in the Q & A section of Chapter 7.  I personally did not feel comfortable with the topic at our age group so when I BOUGHT our own copy, I just tore page 79-80 out and by doing so I didn't disturb neither the end of Chapter 7 nor the beginning of Chapter 8.  Overall, this is a great book to get the conversation started with my daughter (almost 10) that has just started taking the leap from little girl to young lady.  I have three daughters and I will use this book with all three.  Hope this helps...
Packed with Details on Military and Media Relations. This book is simply outstanding for anybody who has an interest in how the military manages media relations or who wants a different perspective on the Vietnam War.  An abridgement of Hammond's two-volume set, this book is still packed with details covering the war from start to finish, providing lessons that remain relevant for today's changing battlefield.  As one who is involved in media relations for a living, there's hardly a page in the book that isn't highlighted for future reference.  And as one who has read several books on Vietnam, covering everything from tactical operations to strategic objectives, this book put the war in perspective for me as no other book has.  However, as I was pouring over every page and sharing what I learned with those around me, one of my colleagues said he had read it as well and found it one of the most laborious books he had ever opened.  So perhaps it is not for everybody, but it's a book I will return to again and again as I continue to study the unique relationship forged between the military and the media.  And I am also ordering the two-volume set so I can find the even greater detail that was left out of this book
Difficult, But A Worthy Study. Be forewarned. Even if you have read a lot of Shakespeare's plays, this  one is difficult and demands much effort to follow. But, if you can push yourself into reading this, it is well worth the time. Shakespeare himself  performed the role of Berowne. While this is a comedy, the humour relies on  irony as opposed to funny events. Also, unlike his other comedies, this one  does not end in utter happieness. The interaction of the characters, as  well as the situation comedy (especially in 4.3) is quite memorable. This  comedy differs significantly from most of his others, but it is a wonderful  piece of literature
Mozart's The Magic Flute. This was a wonderful story well written for a young audience.  We bought it for our six-year-old son who began studying violin a year ago, and this was his one-year anniversary present.  Mozart's Eine Kleine Nacht Musik was his inspiration to learn the violin, and he has since taken interest in other Mozart music.  The illustrations are also very beautiful
A must read. I would put this in the same category as Roaring Lambs, What's so Amazing about Grace, and The Ragamuffin Gospel.  John will make you evaluate how you spend your money, your time and your energies
Did you ever wonder why people wanted  "to go to the Fair ?. This book was not really what I expected it to be.Rather than giving interesting insight into what went on at Coney Island;it is more a book about why it came into being,why at the time,and why at that location. The book seemed to run out of steam and ended abruptly without completing the story of the reasons for the demise of it all.Sure ,the book is about Coney Island;but similar Amusement Parks ,although none as large or famous,sprung up all over America and even Canada. And that doesn't even take into account all the State Fairs,County Exhibitions,National Exhibitions,travelling Fairs,Circuses and Sideshows,These were all much the same in nature,differing mainly in size and duration.Their reason for being and the reason or them becoming a thing of the past is all the same.The book suggests that they started in the mid-1800's is stretching the point somewhat as Fairs of all types were around for many centuries and only differed in how big they were,how far people travelled to them ,how much new inventions became incorporated and how long they lasted.It seems that throughout history people loved to gather for just about any reason,but generally some sort of amusement along with the hope of "seeing something new". Thus there were Races,Exhibitions of animals,crafts,products for prizes or sale,Auctions,Magic shows,Plays,Sporting events;and on and on ad infinitism.This happened at Stonehenge and before,at the Roman Collisium,and Religious Celebrations. It didn't take much to create an event;heck, even a "Hanging" was enough to get a huge crowd out.The same sort of thing continues today.So instead of taking the Subway to Coney Island or some other Amusement park;we go to the great Theme Parks,National Parks,Sporting Events,Concerts,Casinos,Vegas,Nashville,Ski Hills,Cruises,or even events and locations around the world,such as World Fairs or the Olympics.The old adage "The more things change,the more they become the same" applies to Amusement Parks,just as it does to everything else.I suppose the greatest change is in the ease of travel,the amount of disposible income available,and the introduction of TV where everything can be brought right into the living room. That doesn't leave much but the Thrill Rides,the Smells and Sounds ,the Crowds and the Outdoors; but that's coming too.I for one still like to "Go to the Fair" and still do here in Toronto.The Canadian National Exhibition continues to run for 3 weeks in August:however it gets poorer and tackier every year and who knows how much longer it will continue
Flower Paper Dolls. I really enjoyed this paper doll book. I even cut out the little sample pictures on the first page and made them into smaller paper dolls. While the colors are the muted colors of nature, I found each one beautiful. For those of you who want more bling, just add some glitter glue. I liked that each costume had a front and a back
Outstanding Work Reveals Beauty of India Poetry. This is the most beautiful collection of poems I have read anywhere.  Catch these love poems and fall in love
Furniture Projects (Better Homes and Gardens Wood Shop Library). Pros:Book offers a wide range of projects that will keep a carpenter busy for a couple of years (if you endeavor to try each of the projects).Each project is a very beautifully designed classic piece that a wood worker can easily add to his collection of accomplishments (every project is a practical piece of furniture that you can use every day).This book offers very detailed drawings.Projects motivate you to save your money for the tool store (recommends great tools to use for the projects).I like the book because it's not for beginners and assumes that you have experience with all different types of fine joinery.  The "vague" explanations make way for over 31 projects that literally fill your home and can be enjoyed by generations of family members (chest of drawers, cradles, chairs, BBQ tables, etc.).  If you are tired of these "glued together" weekend projects, I would higher recommend this book.  I just would recommend that you a good amount of free time, and are dedicated intermediate craftsman with money to invest for tools.Cons:Some of the projects require special equipment (like lathes, and power planers) that are impractical and expensive.This book is not for beginners.This book does not allow for personal additions to projects.Instructions are vague and require additional referencing.
An absolute "must read" book for all Christians. I wholeheartedly agree with the unanimous 5-star rating this book has received from the other reviewers. Fischer's clean, unflinching, to-the-point style lays out the problem clearly and compassionately. Christianity, particularly American Christianty, has carved out a 'safe' niche within the culture at large. The problem, as Fischer points out, is that you cannot create a safe niche within a corrupted, flawed culture without being corrupted yourself. In the end, we're left with a disturbing image of a divided faith where there are two types of Christians...those who build walls to protect themselves, and those who tear them down in an effort to protect others. This book will help you discover which category you fall into. It'll either make you cheer, or make you squirm. Either way, it should drive you to take action and open your heart to the incredible promise of love contained within the message of Christ. This small book contains a huge message. Read it and recommend it to everyone.
Classic of the spiritual life. This book is a great synthesis of the spiritual life and is good for all Christians.  P. Marie-Eugene explains all the facets of Carmelite spirituality in a very down-to-earth, practical way.  He takes the reader through all of the different stages of the spiritual life (purgative, illuminative, unitive) with the aid of spiritual powerhouses like Sts. Teresa of Avila and John of the Cross.  It is also a good primer for those seeking a foundation in spiritual theology; it also serves well as a moral theology text
AGE OF TERRORISM!. I had a nightmare last night. I had seen four Arab men with what looked like an atom bomb about to detonate it in the New York subway system!I had seen the movie THE MONEY TRAIN: And I thought I recognized the yellow brick rooms like in the movie.Drosnin in his last book BIBLE CODE II: THE COUNTDOWN, seems to predict that New York City is destined for such a nuclear terror attack!On this subject, Drosnin writes:"I fear that one morning we will wake up to the news that a whole city has been destroyed-not two big buildings, but an entire city-that New York, Tel Aviv, or Jerusalem just does not exist anymore." (p. 235)Drosnin has found other nuclear holocaust predictions in the Old Testament in coded form, in the that resemble crossword puzzles: Atomic holocaust with a missile (p. 226); Atomic Holocaust in 2006 (p. 235). I noticed as I studied the Book of Revelation, God sends down judgments on man in increments, getting increasingly severe right up to Armageddon. I like how Drosnins found that the terror attacks werd Birth Pangs like the language Jesus Christ used in the Olivet Dioscourse. Birth pains in the Olivet Discourse refer to disasters that God sends upon mankind as judgments or punishments. And just like the woman in labor, the pains and disasters both become more intense and frequent until the woman gives birth. But in Bible prophecy, the event is the End of the world or the Second Coming of Jesus Christ!But Drosnin also said:"Apocalyptic religious fanatics, terrorists armed with weapons of mass destruction, men who believe they are on a mission from God, they are the ultimate danger encloded in the Bible." (p.22)I had found another mysterious encypted message in the Old Testament which shows the "Mercy of God" intertwined with "Judgment of God" Like it says God may wound but he also forgives.Also I saw this insight about Bin Laden on my own but later found it in this book: "Bin Laden" associated with "Judgment from God". Like God was using Bin Laden as a sword in his hand to punish or scourge the United States for its sins and cruelty. I get my deductions from the Holy Spirit and personal Bible study. I don't know the first thing about Hebrew!
th 4 seasons. This is truely a beautiful piece of music, is a pleasure to pla
Tell Me a Mitzi. I read this book to both my children when they were little, then to my grandson, and send it as a gift to the older child of the family when a younger child is born.  I love this book as did my children and grandson. In fact I have to order a new one, I have kept the first book I read to my daughter, who is not 27 and the mother of my grandchild. The book is fun to read and the pictures are interesting and fun as well
A Mix of Humor and Fear. This character is a very unlikely hero...A total Geek, who is absolutley likeable.The story fast paced and well written..This was my first Koontz book and it will not be my last I'm actually reading "forever odd" and that too is very good..Read this book
Let your soul find rest in God - good read. Pastor and teacher John Stott puts his own personal thoughts together on the reasons that he is a follower of Christ and it makes for a very easy and enjoyable read.  Stott begins with the concept that he is a Christian not because of his own desires to be so, but because of the love of God for him through Jesus Christ.  "The Hound of Heaven" is the first chapter and sets the stage for the rest of the book by putting the reader in a proper perspective to understand the true nature and character of God.  Stott reminds the reader, that if they are a follower of Christ, then they, too, were first pursued by God and it was because of the grace of God, not their own works, that is the cause and crux of their salvation.Stott then moves on to six other reasons that he is a follower of Christ - from the typical "claims of Christ" arguments that Jesus is either who he said he is or is not worthy of our adoration and worship - Stott concludes that Jesus is, indeed, the Son of God.  He also reasons that the sacrifice of Christ shedding his blood on the cross in payment for our sins makes Christ worthy of our very lives.  The next chapter, "The Paradox of Our Humanness," was excellent - Stott put forth the concept that the very existence of man is quite a paradox of creation - both light and dark, good and evil are so evident throughout human history - Stott asks how these seemingly low creatures can rise to such high ideals and ambitions and at the same time sink to such depravity and debauchery.  Christ and the concept of sin and redemption are the solutions to this inquiry into the nature of man, claims Stott.He finishes the book with chapters stating the Christ is the key to our freedom, the fulfillment of our aspirations and offers the greatest invitation for man - to literally be a child of the Living God.  Only through Christ does man not only know himself, but also becomes who he is created to be.  Only in Christ does our soul find rest, as Augustine wrote.  Stott has experienced this peace and fulfillment in his own life and this book would be an excellent gift to share with another seeking to find the true meaning of life - Stott is pointing them in the direction of the cross - the symbol of suffering and deliverance together by the work and sacrifice of Christ.
Like a trip back in time. If that slow, plodding Ric Burns series on PBS was the official history of New York City, &quot;You Must Remember This&quot; is the indispensible people's history: actual voices from the turn of the century (the last  century) telling what it was really like to live in the immigrant Lower  East Side, the Hell's Kitchen waterfront, Jazz-era Harlem, the last  stretches of rural Inwood. With this and &quot;The Box,&quot; Kisseloff is  hands-down the most perceptive and consistently fascinating oral historian  I've read, and yes, that's counting Studs Terkel. Buy one for yourself, and  one for a history-lovin' friend
Great study. This book is a great book and a must read for those who are new in the faith to understand not only how to read the Bible but how to study the word. The book goes through the steps of observation, interpretation and application in very good detail. Not only does it give you these specifics but it also has excercises as though it was an introductory class at a Bible college.The book was actually a "fun" read for a hermeneutical book, I have used it to give to every single person that has asked, "how do I get more from my Bible study?" or "how do I study the Bible?" As I disciple them this is the book that I always make them read, so they will have a good foundation for when we get into more in depth stud
A "How To" for all personalities. One thing you cannot teach, and that is someone Else's skill.  I've seen better talkers, better doers and so on.  This clever tome is for the basics of how to put a deal together.  Not just "to win" but that everyone gets what they want.  They get a customer, you get a lower price or earlier delivery and installment, etc.  The text instills a discipline in that, you have to decide, up front, what the walk-away point is instead of being caught up in the moment.  I once said nothing and got $4,000 off a deal by keeping my mouth shut.  You cannot be him nor I you.  But we can all walk away from a bad deal
Excellent brief overview. I think Thomas Keneally could make a shopping list an interesting read;  he is that good a writer.  Certainly there are many biographies out there about Lincoln and many studies of various aspects of his life, but for a brief introduction that could entice further investigation you could not do better than this.  Keneally has the ability to make historical figures come alive which is evident in this book.  His depiction of Lincoln first arriving at Springfield is wonderful.  If he sometimes chooses the colorful detail over the most probable detail, there is at least some historical evidence to support what he chooses to present.  I recommend this highly
A bible for CAGD people. This book should be considered as a bible for people (including students, researchers, engineers and programmers) working in the CAGD area.  The author placed a good balance between the discussion of theoretical (mathematical) and practical (implementation) issues of curves and surfaces design
A wonderful story. This is a beautiful book.I was most impressed with how Greer was able to take what might have been a totally implausable story line and make it work. The absurdity of Max's condition is not a distraction here. It could easily have been a really bad book, but Greer pulled this off.It is a story of the importance of timing in life and in love, and how easy it is to miss what we really want. It is a reminder of the fragility of relationships, even in the presence of true love and many chances.
The author has lots of 5-star friends ... OK, I admit that I'm suspicious of 5-star reviews that are only 3 or 4 lines long, especially when you click on the "see all my reviews" link after their name and find out they've written a grand total of ONE review.  Cynically, I think, "At least this author has loyal friends!"The problems with this book have been mentioned, primarily that nearly all of the projects require soldering.  While you may already have most of the items in the "collage cargo" -- backing paper, vintage papers and photos, paints, adhesives, stamps, a craft knife, and 3D embellishments -- you may need to buy the elements for the soldering suitcase.  These include a soldering iron, grinder, copper tape, flux, solder, glass-cutting supplies, "third hand" jewelry tool, safety glasses, straight edge, cutting mat, cutter, breaker, pliers, metal blocks, remover/cleaner, and metal polish.  Right-o.This was all rather disappointing, because I couldn't tell from the book cover and description that these were all glass-and-solder projects, which are beyond my ability at this point.  Hey, I haven't even unpacked the Dremel tool my husband bought me for Christmas in 2005!That said, there are tons of ideas in this book (the desperate non-soldering crafter can figure out the work-arounds).  Perhaps we will learn to solder -- my husband says it isn't difficult.  But besides the vintage eye candy in these luscious page layouts, the author has such an upbeat perspective, really, it's a pleasure to read.  If you don't get anything else out of it, you'll come away with the realization that we not only can, but SHOULD surround ourselves with the "pretty little things" that make us happy.  You'll also develop an eye for scavenging as you peruse these pages, and even if you can't do the projects, you may come away with as great an affection for the author as her 5-star friends have demonstrated.
Wonderful and moving. This book of sonnets and poems is just wonderful.  Elizabeth Barrett Browning's writing is able to get to the very heart of the reader with honesty and beauty.  This collection really speaks to the romantic soul with passion and truth.  I find her writings to be incredibly moving and this volume touched me deeply
Sphere is Classic Crichton. I'm amazed at how diverse a writer Michael Crichton is.I really liked the concept of this book.Man builds a spaceship in the future, to leap across space and gather data. It returns back to earth in the past due to an error.    The spaceship not only creates a paradox, it also brings something back from its distant journey.Great story.
Just delicious!. Well, that's what we want in an art book- sensuality of paint, see the brushmarks, really good reproductions. I really enjoy this book.This is a good chronicle of Bacon pushing the envelope of Painting- we see the manipulation of space and form as well as the darker side his subjects will explore. I've never read  the print part, I look at pictures and draw my own conclusions when dealing with books on serious painting. The reproductions are super, and well presented, so I highly reccomend
Architecture theory and history. I didn't find this book until the end of the semester, but it covers what we have been discussing in both architectural theory and history.  I would recomend this for any architecture students who want a quick overview of prominent figures of architectural thought with illustrations that help to clearly convey their ideas.  This book has many of the same pictures/drawings as are featured in much more expensive history books (like Spiro Kostof's "Settings and Rituals").  This book is only an overview, but will be a quite helpful addition to any student's library
Very Enjoyable with a Nifty Mystery. I am a huge fan of the police procedural and mystery genre.  It was only natural that I go back and read one of the early key novels in this genre.The book was fun to read, with the good ole fashioned hard boiled talk that one would expect.Sam Spade makes for a very interesting character.  I love the way he can just toss aside would be lovers, friends, and partners as long as it serves his purpose in solving the case and looking good.  Spade is not at all sympathetic, in fact few characters in this novel were.The mystery itself was good clean fun; nothing amazing or incredibly convoluted like a P.D. James novel, but nifty none the less.Recommended reading for any bibliophile and people interested in the police procedural/private detective genre.  I think Spade adequately lays the foundation for the private eyes of today: Elvis Cole and even Kinsey Millhone
Conrad's Strangest Triumph. So well-crafted, so engaging, so powerfully written - it's hard believing "Chance" was written by Joseph Conrad. Not that Conrad didn't write great books, just that nothing in "Lord Jim," "Heart Of Darkness," or the rest of his tough, unsettling oeuvre prepares you for the wry warmth and hidden sunlight of "Chance."Well, you do have Marlow again. The narrator of "Jim" and "Darkness" is back here telling another story about people he doesn't actually know first-hand. This time the central character is young Flora de Barral, set adrift in England by her father's scandal-plagued financiering. Haunted and helpless, her wide blue eyes giving her the look of "a forsaken elf," Flora takes what comes in life, seemingly unable to function for herself. Can she find her own way? Will she become ruthless if she tries?All this may sound precious and twee, very much in the style of period romances more suited to Henry James than what you expect from the shamelessly macho Conrad, with his damned souls sailing heedless into typhoons. Yet Conrad makes this odd Merchant-Ivory production work by making you care for Flora in a way that draws you in more deeply than even the classic "Lord Jim" ever did. "Jim" was a philosophical novel; "Chance" is a uniquely intuitive one, more about feelings than ideas, yet quite brilliant in its concept all the same.Published in 1913, one year before World War I would change forever the genteel world it so painstakingly describes, "Chance" was the one book by Conrad that clicked with readers in his own lifetime. It's been disregarded since, as modern readers embrace more dour Conrad fare like "The Secret Agent" and "Nostromo."It's our generation's loss. Missing "Chance" is missing the other side of Conrad, the bleak nihilist discovering for once "the precise workmanship of chance, fate, providence, call it what you will." Other Conrad books feature broken-up narratives and odd framing devices, but the structural convolutions in "Chance" actually propel the story rather than hold it back.Marlow's narration is a marvel of storytelling economy, carrying you across windswept moors and the high seas, not to mention a source of much dry wit as the rather mysterious misogynist fires many shots across the bow of womankind. "Mainly I resent that pretence of winding us around their dear little fingers, as of right," he snorts.Is Flora exhibit A in this case against? Certainly she winds the helplessly infatuated Captain Anthony around her finger, despite her apparent total lack of reciprocal devotion. Flora does love, only it is in a flawed way, for her crabbed, corrupt father who believes the two of them too good for the rest of the world. Yet love can be a form of redemption despite itself.Women, Conrad writes, can be fiendish and dumb, yet they are "never dense." "There is in woman always, somewhere, a spring." Realizing that spring here is at the heart of "Chance," and makes for Conrad's strangest triumph, the one book of his that not only makes you feel smarter for reading it, but happy to be alive
Kushner Non-Academic Video. If you are looking for the academic lecture video by this same title (the one hour lecture delivered at UNC), this isn't it. This is a shorter video, with a pragmatic focus on individual persons and families dealing with catastrophic loss. A good primer for health care workers, but does not have the broad academic, philosophic, and theological applications that the earlier lecture video has
Practical, accessible, and inspiring.  Skinny on theory. This book takes a novel and practical approach to hypnotherapy.  The authors provide compelling examples, transforming this esoteric subject into something that is accessible and immanently useful.  You will find  yourself thinking in new ways, recognizing your own metaphors for yourself  and your clients, and drawing more deeply on your own intuition
Love this book!!!. Wow, I have the complete opposite take than the other reviewer. I absolutely love this book-it is so in depth and really explains children at every single developmental/emotional stage ages 1-3. Most books have a paragraph or maybe a few pages for every "problem" or developmental stage-this book has whole, very descriptive chapters. I recommend this book to all the new parents I know. There is a lot of reading but I love to read and soak in knowledge so this book is perfect to me.
unknown books. whose even heard of this book rite? he talks about this band and no  ones heard of them but i can tell you'd like it if you gave it a shot.ever heard of radiohead? they're my favoirte band and i hope this guy writes a book about them when i'm older and understand what hes saying with his big wrods this guy is a GENIOUS
Really good Planescape adventure. Dead Gods is an incredible adventure for the Planescape setting.  The main adventure brings the characters into the plot slowly, but soon involves them in a epic storyline.  The adventure develops slowly, and is done in  segments, so that the DM can run other adventures in between.  There is  also a second adventure included in Dead Gods that is also broken into  segments.  The DM can intertwine these two for a really good storyline that  should last many gaming sessions.  Additionally, the adventure can be used  as a follow-up to the product &quot;The Great Modron March&quot; for extra  intrigue.  It is a solid product with a good plot
Lincoln's fatalistic resignation as source of his greatness. The book ends with Lincoln's death from a mortal head wound. As depicted by Vidal, Lincoln lived his life saliently aware of his imminent death. When death finally took him, he was mercifully permitted to lose his "perpetual look of sadness" and find peace. Only on his deathbed did Lincoln appear content and truly happy. What struck me about this book was that Lincoln seemed to endure life with a black cloud over his head. As most of us cling to life and shrink from death, Lincoln was immersed in death.  Although the book only covers the period form Lincoln's first inaugural address through his assassination, Lincoln suffered through several deaths outside that period. His youngest son, Eddie, died at age four when Lincoln was still a legislator. Also, he suffered the death of his younger brother, mother and older sister. Willie, his apparent favorite son, died in the White House. The main impetus for Vidal was that Lincoln also presided over the costliest war in America's history, a bloodbath taking over 300,000 war-related deaths (often described as educing more American deaths than Revolutionary, Korean Vietnam & both World Wars put together).Was it simply staunch fortitude or did Lincoln possess a special death instinct? During times that would have crumbled any other mortal man, Lincoln excelled and triumphed. Often described as melancholy and gloomy, the constant encounters with death and heart-break appeared to make him stronger. Only a man with such fatalistic resignation could have kept his head while others lost theirs.The book is so rich with imagery that this book alone would be a life work, but Vidal has volumes of similar novels. He allows the reader to see the way Lincoln stooped or how he sat in a chair or twists his beard while contemplating his next move. Vidal's manner of writing permits such an intimate portrait at Lincoln and the Civil War that is not indulged by other historians, such as Ken Burns or Shelby Foote. The detailed dialogues allow prominent characters to come to life. The web of intrigue and plots among the major political players are made real. Awesome.
Great books to read with your kids. I remembered reading one of these books as a girl and loved it.  Little did I know, there are 19 in this series!  I introduced this box set to my seven year old son and he loves it.  These are great to read together because they will hold both the parent and child's interest.  (In fact, some nights I read ahead after my son goes to bed!)  There are nights when my son begs for just one more chapter, or says "I just can't wait to see what happens."  Lots of adventure and mystery - I recommend to all who want kids who learn to love to read.
One of the best Figaro orchestral score ever!. Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart's comic masterpiece &quot;The Marriage of Figaro&quot; has always been one of the best loved and studied operas today. With a bubbling plot and beautiful music, this opera is sure to  delight classical and opera music lovers whether you are just a beginner or  a die hard classical fan. However, full orchestral scores, particularly  opera scores, have always hard to come by and when they do, the price is  often too steep. Now Dover publications makes available the COMPLETE  orchestral score of this fabulous opera with an affordable price. As with  other Dover scores, this one is a reprint of an older publishing house,  Carl Frederich Peters of Leipzig, which means that other than the contents,  which Dover translated into English, everything in this score is German and  /or Italian ( libretto and stage directions ). However, the beautiful, neat  and clear engraving of the score more than makes up for this. The full  score would probably be too bulky for opera singers, but it is an  indispensable tool for classical music enthusiasts to study and appreciate  all the aspects that make up this wonderful comic opera. Buy it! It will  make your listening experience all the more enjoyable
Listen to this before you begin trading!. I own the book as well as the set of CDs and have listened to and read over again.  I can't say enough good about the content and I've read lots of trading books. You'll get more than your money's worth on the psychology of trading, money management and trading tactics. Definitely a keeper
Great Game. This is a great start to the role-playing game Vampire: The Masquerad
Fun book to read and very helpful. Chris Tomlin put many of his own stories in the book, which I learned a lot from. It is also very helpful that Chris put some guidance about how to prepare to lead a worship session. Recommand to all worship leaders
Brilliant Debut!. Jason Headley has written a wonderful debut novel about one young man's struggle to come to terms with the way his life has turned out so far.  It is a very enjoyable read that will have you nodding with recognition and cringing with sympathy for Eric as he makes his way through this one very important week in his life.  A great book from a very talented new voice in fiction......I'm eager for his next one!!
A Superb IN DEATH entry. Ceremony in Death is the quintessential futuristic romantic mystery. The very best of an excellent series by J D Rob
Two Jews - Marx & Jesus in China. Jesus in Beijing: How Christianity is transferring China and changing the Global Balance of Power, is a personal account of a reporter who dedicated the martyrs for their faith from CE 635 to modern time.This book gives a brief orientation on how Christianity came to China in 7th Century known as Nestorian Christians.  There was a stele commemorating this east-west cultural and religious exchange, being translated by James Legge in bilingual text that I happened to have a reprint copy.  Then he carried on the history to the new millennium.  Besides Franciscan, Dominican and Augustinian, Jesuits had a good relationship with the Royal Court in the exchange of knowledge in 17th Century.  However, the Pope, a religion authority tried to interfere the cultural and internal affairs of China over the tradition rite of honoring ancestors and Confucius.  The Chinese Emperors issued "Edit of Expulsion and Confiscation" to drive Catholics out.  The 19th Century of Anglo-Saxon Protestant ventured back to China in opium boats and gunboats.  No wonder why Marx called Religion is the opium of people.  Robert Morrison, an Englishman, was credited to translate the Bible into Chinese with no mention to the assistance from his convert Liang Fa.  Morrison came in and was employed by East India Company, the monopoly opium pusher and smuggler to Chinese.  England waged the Opium Wars 1839 and 1856.  He died of diseases and was buried in East India Company cemetery in Macau.  The Gospel of John was beautifully translated in Taoist terms, totally disregard to intellectual property.  Chinese God Son, Hong Xiuquan who wanted to establish Chinese version of Kingdom of Heaven, made the Christian Tai Ping Rebellion.  However, this Heavenly Peace Kingdom was brutally suppressed by the Christian Europe in manpower and gun power in support with The Ching Dynasty The 1900 Boxer Movement was a struggle against foreigners especially missionaries.  The book did not mention two humiliating unequal treaty terms known as most-favored nation clause meaning if a foreign power squeezed any Chinese concessions, all other powers would share the same privileges, and extra-territoriality which meant all foreigners in China were not subject to the laws and jurisdiction of Chinese government.  This book did not ask the question: why Boxer pick on the disciples of "love your neighbors as yourself"?  These God's representatives did not practice what they peach.  There were many exceptions such as American Rev. Hunter Corbett, whose grandson I met last year.  The American share of Boxer Indemnity was devoted to Chinese higher education with heavy lobby.  (See articles in magazine Chinese American Forum).The Three Self Churches was created by Chinese Christians in 1920s not in 1950s as alleged, to declare independence from foreign masters who dictated power, donations and policy, long before Mao's regime to administer patriotic church affairs. A Chinese pastor confirmed recent incidence of such hard-nose attitude and he rebuked and refused such conditional funding.  The subsequent chapters described   Christian mainly protestant house church activities and politics under Mao's Republic.  Only one chapter was about Roman Catholics.  Chapter 14 talked about missionaries came in disguise as English teacher by lies and deception.  In mid 90s, some feverish American missionaries came to recruit Chinese converts to smuggle Bibles to China.  Why not they themselves do the dirty work?  This chapter also exposed a home grown quasi-Christian cult know as Eastern Lightning with an reincarnation of Jesus as a Chinese woman along with others such as Born-Again movement, Falungong and Little Flock.David gave an impressive detail account on the development of Christianity in China.  It is "love your neighbor as yourself" doctrine to the teaching in the land of "do not do onto others as you do not want others do onto you".  He devoted the last chapter in "China's Christian future?"  with the possible answers - a more responsible power, an emerging menace, democracy and changing the fare of Christendom.Reading this book creates the following questions.1.	Nestorian Christians came to China but died out long time, Mohammed established Islam and immediately sent his four disciples to China where they all left their body and soul in Beijing.  Does it mean China will become Christian or Moslem?2.	China is a virgin land from missionary eyes, what will happen if all denominations ranging from Baptist, Mormon, Christian Scientist, Pentecostal, Jehovah's Witness, Seven-Days Adventists, Moon's Church to Branch Davidian of Waco Texas claim their share and dominate with eventual government tanks crushing?3.	Will orthodox Christianity accept Chinese Gnostic Christians incorporating the teaching of Buddhism, Taoism and folk religions as cult members?4.	What will happen if Chinese Christians find out lie in be(lie)f, history and theology, Jesus and Christ, truth and faith, and Catholic and Protestant?5.	 Will Chinese Christian burn witches, start Crusade killings, and turn hospitals into churches with faith healing miracle to avoid high medical cost?6.	Will Chinese Christian support stem cell research, abortion and the teaching of evolution?7.	Will US accept Chinese Christian made according to American compassion self image? (The allegation P.288 about China closed in upon great hostility to US between Korean War and Kissinger's visit was doubtful.  If he researched further, he would find that Premier Chou En-lai always wanted American friendship but US red scare prevented it from happening.  Chou extended his hand to the American official at the encounter of Indo-China Peace meeting 1954 and was refused.  This is why Nixon upon arrival Beijing stepped up and extended his hand to Chou first for a 28-year make-up.)8.	Will the evangelical Chinese Christian on west journey to Jerusalem convert Moslems to bring about crush and confrontation?9.	Will foreign powers invade Christian China to protect national interest?10.	Will a Christian China lamb become the political and economic scapegoat when Christian brothers lose their jobs or rocket secrets?11.	Does the American public know about the educator missionary - Minnie Vautrin being honored with a bronze bust and a scholarship fund in her former campus in Nanking, China 2002?  Please read about her in book, The American Goddess at Rape of Nanking, by Dr Hua-ling Hu and  review.12.	The Bill of Rights came about because before American and French Revolutions in Christian world, there were only Divine rights and king's right, but not human rights. Was UN human right draft based on Christian or Confucius idea? Check it out.13.	Will Jesus laugh or cry if he witnesses his disciples instead of standing with him on humanity, justice and peace, destroy other ethnic cultures, change their value system and the mode of thinking?14.	Will Chinese Christian send back missionaries to first and second world countries to win back lost souls as major Cathedrals serve more as tourist attraction than houses of worship?15.	Will Chinese Christian make the same remarks as their American Indian brothers: We used to have land and they have the Bible; now we have the Bible and they have the land?16.	Will Chinese Christian be the blessed peacemaker on diversity harmony among the brotherhood of Judaism, Christianity and Islam as God is the Father of three faiths?17.	Will a powerful Christian China become an imperial or colonial power as their Christian brothers of 19th Century?18.	What will happen when Chinese Christians are Bible lover but ignorant about Buddhism and Taoism both of which are the spiritual salvation for Western seekers?19.	Will Chinese Christian want to have the best by declaring to be a Taoist-Christian as so claimed by my American campus minister friend?20.	Will Chinese Christian practice what they preach?21.	The producer of River Elegy, Yuan Zhiming and company dreamed of democracy in China based on Christianity.  He tried hard to adapt by misinterpreting and distorting ancient Chinese Classics to convert.   It is interesting to ask why Generalissimo Chiang Kai-shek, a devoted Christian failed miserably in bringing about democracy even some of his supporters baptized their troops with garden hose.22.	Will a Christian China become American two-party or European multi-party democracy?  Why a high number of Christian countries notably in Africa and South America are not relevant?23.	What will happen if China becomes a theocracy?24.	Will Chinese Christian accept from the DNA burden of "Communist five black types" to that of  "Original sin"?25.	Will Chinese Christians be willing to switch from "shame" culture to "sin" culture?26.	Will Chinese Christian prevent exposing clergy in sexual scandal and corruption?27.	Will Chinese Catholic keep Vatican II in treating Jews, Buddhists, Moslems and people of other faiths in respect without conversion?28.	Will Chinese Christian judge others, good or bad depending on their Christian membership?29.	What will happen when Chinese Christian create a "Chinese Messiah" and start a "People Temple"?30.     How will Chinese Christians treat belivers as family menbers or as Confucius teaching that all human around four seas are?31.     Will chinese Christians unite Catholics, Roman and Eastern Orthodox,and all denominations of Protestants?32.	Will God feel good if the Garden of Eden is full of only Christians, one kind of plant, animal and fish?It is a miracle to see how a Jewish cult develops into a culture.  Jesus sacrifices his life in protest against inhumanity, inequality and unjust of the Roman Empire.  Truly this man was the Son of God, exclaimed the Roman centurion (Mark 15:39)Mr Karl Marx, please sit down!Will the real Jesus please stand up?
Want to rething everything you ever believed art to be?. A must for every artist who is doubting their current path. Robert Henri encapsulates the spirit of creativity in this collection of essays, and gives every artist words of encouragement on their road to artistic disovery. Reading his book almost made me feel heroic being an artist. Get this book, and leave it on the edge of your drafting table, or on the comfy chair next to your oils
Great information for everyone. This is a book that I frequently talk about with my family and friends. I think most people can relate to the situations and Gavin De Becker teaches you how to interpret your fears and react
Original, inspiring and beautiful!. Amazing.   Schatz captures the essence of line and movement of dance, coupled with the impression of weightlessness.  Ballet dancers, many from the San Francisco Ballet,  are photographed underwater, with the photos  expressing both the simple purity of line embodied in the nude figure and  the more complex, incorporating costumes or scarves swirling and floating  through space.  A variety of lighting, backdrops, fabrics and positions are  used to create unique visual effects--some strange, others strikingly  beautiful.  Every time I look through this book, I experience different  impressions of the various photos, continually discovering something new  and fresh in what I thought had become familiar.  This book is unlike  anything I've ever seen--a real treasure
The power of thought. The title of this book is actually quite deceiving, because even though the author focuses on the link between thought and financial success, his principals can be utilized in all areas of life. I have studied the ancient texts of the Vedas and Upanishads and have found a strong link between the work of Napoleon Hill and this ancient philosophy on the power of thought.Anyone interested in gaining more control over their destiny and success should read this book, and not just once, but over and over again. With every reading, more truths are unearthed, more clarity is gained and with it a larger perspective of life.Money is the result of success, and sucess is the result of a major definite purpose, and a major definite purpose is a thought process. So think, grow rich and succeed
An Important Book for Today!. This book by Randall Price along with another book by him called The Temple and Bible Prophecy are two of the most important books that deal with Israel and the fulfillment of the Jewish fate in Bible prophecy.  Two other books that you might like are by Keith Intrater entitled Israel, The Church, and the Last Days along with From Irag to Armageddon.  Why are these books so important?  Simply this, we as Christians, even those of us who trust in Bible prophecy, have placed aside many a times the importance of Abraham and his descendants when it deals with Yahweh's plan for the world.  It is vital that we understand Israel and the Jews because without understanding these topics, we fail in our call to follow in the footsteps of our Lord and Savior Yeshua/Jesus Christ.Just as in days of old, throughout the Old Testament time period and now in the New Testament era, the last days, beginning with the resurrection and culminating in the seven years of tribulation along with the Millennial Kingdom and then the New Heavens and the New Earth, Israel and her people have been a vital foci for prophecy and fate of the world.  And just as those who are giving this a one star because it shows the truth as to what is going on in Israel and Israel's threat from all sides by radical Islam, there are many people out there who are anti-Semitic and want to see the Jewish people wiped off the face of the earth.  We as Christians SHOULD be praying and loving and caring for the Jewish people.  Remember!  Yahweh curses those who curse Abraham and his descendants just as much as Yahweh will bless those who bless Abraham and his descendants.This book in particular, I will admit, is somewhat dated, as a lot has gone on since its publishing in 2001/2.  The Israel nation faces even graver threats now than she did around 9-11.  This book helps you the reader to realize just how horrific the world is growing toward the Jews.  Radical Islam does not just want to gain power over Israel, and in particular Jerusalem.  No.  What they want is simply this.  To wipe the Jewish people off the face of the earth.  Radical Islam does not want peace.  Radical Islam will not settle for anything less than total destruction of the Jewish people.  This is not an opinion, this is reality.  Not that the Jewish people are perfect, no, no one is, and yes the Jewish authorities have done some damage and there have been kills that should not have been.  But.  But.  The Israelites are fighting for their very existence, not just for simple territory.  The Israelites are fighting for their very dignity, not just some ideology.I firmly believe this book will open your eyes if you haven't already (like the one stars show) decided to be anti-Semitic.  We as Gentile Christians who have been saved by the blood of Yeshua, Jesus, have a specific Biblical call to love and to feed and to clothe and to care for Yahweh's covenant people that we have (through Yeshua) been grafted unto.  Read this book, learn the truth
Pimsleur Quick & Simple Spanish 2nd Rev. Ed. I really like this edition. It has been easy to learn and retain. Thank you
A Devastating Read. For those of us who like to think that the justice system of the USA is the best in the world, the contents of this book will be nothing less than devastating.  Sr. Helen details how two men, both probably innocent, were executed in spite of the purported "safeguards" in the death penalty process.  Revealed for all to see is a "justice" system that has become corrupt, populated with judges and prosecutors whose passion for justice has been expropriated by a passion for the law, with The Law the end, instead of merely a servant of justice.  As an example, an appeal submitted by one of these two men's attorneys was titled "Notice of Appeal" instead of "Petition for Appeal" and so the Virginia Supreme Court refused to review the case--then and forever, in spite of strong new DNA evidence that showed this man was probably innocent.  This was a very powerful argument against the death penalty, and against the legalism that has almost entirely taken over our courts
Wagons West Series. It took a long time with others helping me to find all 23 books. They were great &amp; there was plenty of actual information in them. I had a hard time to put them down. Now I find out that there is a number 24 with how many more. I need to find the rest of the series to find out the rest of the story
The truth Behind The Rich in Flint. I read the book Bucking The Sarge, which is about a boy named Luther.  Luther's Mom owns a lot of houses in the town of Flint, Michigan, and she also has a sort of retirement home for the elderly.  Luther has to take care of these people all of the time, except for when he is at school.  His friend, Sparky is desperate to get a lawsuit, so he tries anything possible to get himself hurt so that he can sue someone.  Luther is huge into the science fair, so he spends all of his extra time trying to get a three-peat, but while on stage too get a third win,  he realizes that he is a dead man.This is a great comedy book.  It may look like a big book at first, but it reads faster than you would believe.  If you like books that are full of hilarious jokes, then this is the book for you.I liked this book, because it was funny, kept me on the edge of my seat, and this book even has some good moral lessons in it.  I dislike this book, because of the fact that some of it seemed fake, and the ending to the book isn't very good.
As much fun as an office full of monkeys. I've seen Conniff's work before in some documentaries he did for National Geographic. His loving look at praire dogs being sucked into giant praire dog sucking machines, all seen through a special 'dog cam' inside the machine, should give you some idea of his sensibility. It's all true, it's all facts and it provides a perspective on the larger world- but it's also hilarious. He balances the right mix of anecdote with hard facts to produce an accessible and breezy book that says some very disturbing things about our close relationship to the animal world, and what we're really doing in our day to day interactions at the office. But if you are in fact a monkey, my friend, the gig is up.
Review of Attwood's book on Asperger's Syndrome. This is a well written book with plenty of information to answer all your questions.  It is techinical in spots, so you may need to re-read some of the topics. This book is recommended by therapists too in understanding this condition
Yes, it is cheaper than the University Bookstore. My daughter, a freshman at Indiana University, e-mailed me a list of the books she needed.  This was on it... I ordered it, paid for it, and had it shipped directly to her.  It arrived sooner than expected, and before she needed it for class.Great Job.Julie K
Complete and informative guide for all homeschool ages. This cd-rom guide contains excellent teaching techniques for all ages.   The guide steps you though the early years of a child's education through  secondary education.  It also provides extensive resouce lists for all  areas of education. I found it very useful, since I am a new homeschool  mom. A must for every home school parent
A Must read. Excellent for writing and using as a model text
Most Comprehensive Mind Training Manual. This book is loaded from cover to cover with practical mind-training exercises - from developing the power of one's imagination, to training different senses and perfecting the ability to use them individually or in conjunction with each other; to working with the elements; transfering one's consciousness; generating and projecting energy; and much more.  By the time you're done going thoroughly through all the exercises in this book and practicing them until you master them - your ability to use the power of your mind will increase beyond your wildest dreams - and you will have many interesting experiences along the way.
This was the Best book ever!!. A.L.W.F.C.Book ReviewThis book is called A long way from Chicago. The main charters are Mary Alice, Joey, and grandma. Every August Joey and Mary Alice go to see grandma once a year. They go on a lot of adventure.These character go through a lot of problems. Like when Mary Alice is trying to help Vandalia and jr. to get together while grandma is talking to Vandalia's and Jr. parents.My favorite part is when the two old men fight. The two old men are Uncle Grady and Mrs.Weidenbach's dad. They jump off the float and declare war.I recommend this to some one who likes excitement and entertaining. They also like explosives.I would rate this book a ten out of ten because it is a good book and it is exciting. When Joey fainted in the boat. I never expected a boy to fate.Inculcation  everybody should enjoy this book. Everybody wiil think it is funny.
Common Sense for Our Time. With &#8220;All Together Now,&#8221; Jared Bernstein follows in the footsteps of Tom Paine&#8217;s &#8220;Common Sense.&#8221;  Before the publication of Paine&#8217;s 1776 pamphlet, colonists either could not imagine a government other than monarchy, or considered such thought premature.  Within after, the Declaration of Independence was composed and signed.  Much as &#8220;Common Sense&#8221; encouraged people to think creatively about and act on the possibility of liberty and self-government, &#8220;All Together Now&#8221; does so for social policy.  Then monarchy held people&#8217;s minds in a straightjacket.  In our era it is the extreme version now current of those venerable American ideals, the free market and rugged individualism.The book begins with a delightful parable illustrating the difference between heaven and hell.  They are identical except that in one, everyone looks out only for number one, while in the other, everyone helps one another.  This story deftly distinguishes between the prevailing ideology of the last quarter century -- You&#8217;re On Your Own or YOYO &#8211;  and Bernstein&#8217;s alternative -- We&#8217;re In This Together or WITT.  It is also characteristic of the book&#8217;s style:  minimal reliance on charts and numbers and such things as make my eyes glaze over (thus no need to add MEGO to WITT or YOYO), and maximal reliance on a breezy style that is easy to read, understand and stay with.At a very abstract level, the difference between the two ideologies, YOYO and WITT, is how much risk should individuals have to shoulder on their own, and how much should we share across all of us.  Risk is not used in its every day sense, the chance of a bad thing happening.  It is used in its economic sense, the possibility of different things happening, some good, some bad, but where individuals have little control over which one actually does happen.  The risks range from natural disasters and medical misfortunes to the vagaries of the business cycle and accidents of birth.Over the last century,  the type of bone-breaking, life threatening poverty still common in much of the world has become vanishingly rare within the developed economies.  Consequently, the problems associated with how society responds to risk have moved to the fore.  With YOYO, it is every pot on its own bottom.  With WITT, many risks are shared to varying degrees by many or all members of society.  This risk sharing is part of the glue that binds society together.YOYO has many problems, the most severe being its strong favoritism toward those with the very deepest pockets at the expense of everyone else.  Also mentioned is the increasing degradation of society and deterioration of the economy as those who make up &#8220;everyone else&#8221; fall farther and farther behind in education, training, skills and wealth.There are several standard objections to WITT.  With an economy that is more and more globalized, and the concomitant rise in competition of firms for markets and countries for investment and employment, society cannot afford a WITT approach.  The race to the bottom associated with globalization will cause a WITT society to fall farther and farther behind in the competitive race.  Even without globalization, the loss in economic efficiency that WITT entails would eventually lead to declining living standards as society and the economy stagnate.Before addressing these objections, &#8220;All Together Now&#8221; first documents how institutions have changed over the last generation so that types of risk that used to be small have grown, and risks that individuals used to share with many others they must now face increasingly on their own or with just their families.  The next chapter, chapter two, examines the ideological roots of these developments.  The ultimate villain in the piece is the field of economics.  Bernstein not only concurs with the following assertion, but also makes a strong case for its accuracy, in this instance at least:&#8220;The ideas of economists and political philosophers, both when they are right and when they are wrong,are more powerful than is commonly understood. Indeed, the world is ruled by little else.  Practical men,who believe themselves quite exempt from any intellectual influences, are usually the slaves of somedefunct economist.  Madmen in authority, who hear voices in the air, are distilling their frenzy from someacademic scribbler of a few years back.&#8221; (JMKeynes)Unfortunately, many of the economists in question are not even yet defunct.  Even worse, they are too often wrong.   (According to one physicist, long defunct, &#8220;Science advances obituary by obituary.&#8221;  Bernstein is apparently unwilling to wait.)  After laying out the economic arguments for YOYO and against WITT, this chapter examines them and finds them wanting.Chapter 3 lays out an alternative policy agenda, a WITT agenda, and whether it is economically feasible.  The bulk of the chapter makes the case that it is, that it will not only not break the bank, but that some parts of it will make the economy more efficient and globally competitive than it currently is.  For certain risks, including those associated with retirement, insuring bad outcomes is more efficient when ever larger numbers of people are pooled together than when each individual is treated in isolation from all others.  Other risks, including those associated with health and medicine, are more efficiently addressed by a non-profit monopoly than by many, competing, for-profit firms.  In each case the arguments in support of these assertions are based not only on logic, but also on experience in the U.S. and other developed countries.  The author is careful to say that with one exception, it is not necessary that government&#8217;s share of the economy rise in the WITT approach, and provides numerous examples documenting this.The one exception is health care.  This would increase total government spending, but based on many other countries&#8217; experience:&#8210;	total spending on health care (private + public) would fall&#8210;	the percentage of people covered would rise&#8210;	the average quality of health care delivered would rise&#8210;	average health outcomes (life expectancy, infant mortality, etc.)&#8210;	the competitive drag of health insurance would be shifted from individual firms to the government (imagine the price of a Ford or GM vehicle without the cost of health-care factored in.  WITT may be the latest and last example of &#8220;What&#8217;s good for General Motors is good for the rest of America.&#8221;)&#8210;	with health insurance not tied to one&#8217;s job, people would be willing to take jobs that more closely match their skills and interests, and short term unemployment would not be so disastrousChapter 4, humorously titled &#8220;How to Talk to a YOYO&#8221; deals with the issue of the WITT agenda&#8217;s political feasibility.  Drawing on polls, recent political developments, and analysis of election results, it presents an argument that a political opening exists to enact the WITT agenda.  It exists because the shift of risk from government and large private institutions to families and individuals is pervasive, and has become terribly burdensome to all but the richest among us.  To the extent that large private institutions have not succeeded in shifting risk off their shoulders, they are staggering under the burden and slowly sinking beneath the waves.  (Why is this?  The economy has become much more risky for Americans since the quarter century following WW2, now regarded as some kind of golden era.)Thomas Paine&#8217;s argument that dependence on the monarchy enslaved the colonists, whether they were fisherman or planters, convinced this diverse set of people that they had interests in common.  Very quickly they were moved to act.  The problems associated with YOYO agenda afflict large numbers of people from all economic classes, and all regions of the country and without consideration of race, creed, religion, gender or sexual orientation.  Bernstein believes that these problems can serve the same role as the dependency on the monarch once did.  All that is needed is a match to set the tinder on fire.How will that happen?  Since it has not yet occurred in this country, Bernstein cannot say for certain.  He points to an example in the UK.  He points to leading politicians (John Edwards, Barack Obama and Tom Vilsack) who have been raising just these issues.  And, finally, he points to grassroots and student organizations (in particular ACORN and the Roosevelt Institution) that have been pushing parts of the WITT agenda at the local level.  It is just a matter of time before common sense prevails
Wow. The end of the trilogy. I finally got my head around part of what makes him so compelling. If you read what the marketers put together, you may think this is gloomy and such. Nope. It's about how he survived, and is therefore inspiring. But what finally comes together for me in this conclusion is the author's refusal to let me hate his mother the way I'd like to. Damn, life would be easier that way. Pelzer's no saint, mind you. He's human too. But dang, I really did want him to let me hate his mother. You can learn a lot from this guy, even if you do hate his mother.
Doggone funny!. Smart writing, hilarious illustrations, and highly informative (but easy-to-follow) content make this one-of-a-kind reference book a genuinely fun read. Formatted like an actual owner's manual, right down to the little orange triangle icons with exclamation marks inside (WARNING: Rabies will cause system malfunction and shutdown), this is the kind of book you need to read in stages. First, flip through and look at all of the illustrations, which are so inspired you'll want to share them with strangers sitting next to you on airplanes. Then, read the chapters from beginning (Overview of Makes and Models) to end (Advanced Functions). Finally, give copies to your dog-loving friends so that you can compare notes -- and, I'm guessing, do a few dramatic readings at your next cocktail party
good value and well written. This is really three books in one, and is quite lengthy and packed with a lot of information at 368 pages. The book is good for intermediate students in the internal martial arts of Xingyi, Baguazhang and Tai chi, who have been practicing one of these styles for a number of years, are now in the phase of "finding the hidden treasures" in their art, and who would like some exposure to the other neijia styles. The book is not a "how to" and assumes that the reader has some understanding of internal power, whole body movement, and chi flow. The first third of the book is a survey of the history and lineage of the three major styles of internal gongfu, plus a brief outline of tongbei quan and baji quan. Nothing new or controversial here, but fairly comprehensive and a good reference on lineages. The second third of the book is a survey of basic techniques, palms, moves, and steps from the various styles.  It can't be comprehensive, given that the authors are discussing five different styles, but it points out the main techniques, how they overlap from style to style, and is intended as sort of a basic tool kit for internal gongfu.  In that sense I think the authors succeeded quite well and a close reading will provide  one or three good insights for nearly all neijia practitioners. The final third of the book is dedicated to a form developed by Lu Shengli that borrows from these major neijia styles with a discussion of the applications of all of the moves in the form. Now the standard disclaimer with martial arts books is that you can't learn a form from a book;  however, given that the book is attempting a synthesis of the major styles, and the form is the ultimate demonstration of that synthesis, the presentation of the form is a bit disappointing here. As discussed by other reviewers, the third section of the book regarding the form is the weakest section of the book.  The description of the movements is well done, however the form itself is very poorly illustrated which is a shame.  The photos are taken outside so there are no reference points to use in the background, the footwork is not well documented or described, Master Shengli is dressed in a traditional large robe such that his palms are hidden many times, and the pictures are small and difficult to view clearly.  If all of the pictures were sized like those on page 271, it would be different but in most cases the pictures are just too small and unclear even with a hand lens. However the written descriptions are better than average, and the applications are shown....... so you can reverse engineer the form with patience and practice, and of course use your own style and principles to develop a parallel series of forms along the line of the form presented.I would like to congratulate Zhang Yun and Susan Darley on the translation, editing, and writing, which is a main reason for my 4 stars, as the writing here is far better than 90% of the martial arts books out there
The best rigorous introduction to general topology!. I used to own the 1975 (first) edition of this title since the late 1990s, but quite recently purchased the new edition as well, and donated the old book to our campus library. Before anything else, let me express that from the many topology texts that I have come across over the years, this one easily stands out as the best rigorous introduction for a beginning graduate student. It covers all the standard material for a first course in general topology starting with a full chapter on set theory, and now in the second edition includes a rather extensive treatment of the elemantary algebraic topology. The style of writing is student-friendly, the topics are nicely motivated, (counter-)examples are given where they were needed, many diagrams provided, the chapter exercises  relevant with the correct degree of difficulty, and there are virtually no typos. The 2nd edition fine-tunes the exposition throughout, including a better paragraph formatting of the material and also greatly expands on the treatment of algebraic topology, making up for 14 total chapters (as opposed to eight in the first edition). I particularly found useful the discussion of the separation axioms and metrization theorems in the first part, and the classification of surfaces and covering spaces in the second part. In my opinion, after going through the discussion of algebraic topology in Munkres, the students should be ready to move forward to a (now standard) text such as Hatcher, for further coverage of homotopy, homology and cohomology theories of spaces. Eventhough a few contending general topology texts --such as a recent title published in the Walter Rudin Series-- have started to hit the academic markets, Munkres will no doubt remain as the classic, tried-&-trusted source of learning and reference for generations of mathematics students.The one thing that should be mentioned though, one would wish there were some more hints and answers provided, at the back of the book, so as to make the text more helpful for those readers who use it for self-study. Before I finish, let me note that a reviewer here has correctly mentioned that Dr. Munkres does not include differential topology in his presentation. I speculate this is perhaps because he has already written a separate monograph on the topic. In fact, it is also necessary to get a handle on some fair amount of algebraic topology first (such as the notions of homotopy, fundamental groups and covering spaces), for a full-fledged treatment of the differential aspect. Regardless, one great reference for a rigorous and worthwhile excursion into the area (covering brief introductions to the Morse and cobordism theories as well), is the excellent title by Morris W. Hirsch, which is available on the Springer-Verlag GTM series. I would also like to mention that one other very decent book on general topology, which has unfortunately been out of print for quite some time, is a treatise by "James Dugundji" (Prentice Hall, 1965). The latter would nicely complement Munkres, as for example, Dugundji discusses ultrafilters and some more of the analytical directions of the subject. It's a real pity that The Dover Publications in particular, has not yet published this gem in the form of one of their paperbacks. The undergrad students testing the waters for the first time, should try Fred H. Croom's text, originally published in 1989 but now again re-issued and available in limited numbers and/or special order, through The Thomson Learning, Singapore. This title is closely modeled in exposition and selection of topics on Munkres, thus nicely serving as a prerequisite
On Process. It is a relief to read a film book that refuses to degenerate in to the psycho-speculative ramblings of a [...] filmmaker.  This book has the feel of a comfortable conversation with one of the most private 'celebrities' of this century.  In an age where selling out is the great commodity, it is refreshing to hear from a man who has simply and steadily built an astonishing succession of low budget films.  This book gives one intriguing glimpses into the 'Woody Allen' aesthetic, from his love of rain to his early days as a stand-up comic.  If you're looking for dirt on his private life, don't bother, but if you're looking for an understanding of process and his distinctive viewpoint, then this is the book for you
Excellent book.  Another strong effort from Kahn. Roger Kahn has written numerous books (according to his most recent offering "Beyond the Boys of Summer" he has written nineteen).  Seemingly all of them have been praised and this one is no exception.  Being a huge baseball (in particular the Yankees) fan and student of the game's history, this book is fantastic.  Kahn brilliantly weaves his personal history in with the year-by-year accounts of baseball in New York.  In the book, he claims The Era of 1947-1957 is the greatest in baseball history.  While that can be debated, there is no denying that his expansive knowledge of this time greatly aids the book.  The antics of Leo Durocher and Casey Stengel are featured prominently, as is the struggle of Jackie Robinson to gain acceptance among his peers and fans.  The paperback features a brief four-page afterword discussing what has happened in baseball since the book's release in 1993.  Overall, a great read and highly recommended.
Lots of useful information. This is a helpful book for novice investors and those more experienced. The main point he makes is that in the long run, stocks are the safest investment, the best hedge against inflation, better than bonds or money market accounts. This book is very valuable for Siegel's detailed historical research into the long term returns of stocks, and the causes of the big crashes and bull markets. Siegel explains well why interest rates are such an important indicator of market trends. This book is mainly useful for devising an overall strategy to market investing rather than help picking specific stocks. Siegel suggests that a buy and hold strategy is best. Highly recommended.
New twist on an old tale. Charming spin on the Cinderella story! Might be used by teachers as a model to help children retell stories in crative ways.  Little girls of 7 or so should LOVE it.  And for adults?  It is a fun romp back to childhood and fiary tales
It gets better every time!. I read and loved The Virgin in the Garden and Still Life and I couldn't wait to read more of Frederica Potter and her eccentric, intellectual family. Babel Tower centers on Frederica's struggles to free herself from her rich, abusive husband. She is now in a custody battle that could well end in disaster. As she regains her independence and begins to work as a teacher in London, Frederica ponders on the reasons she married someone with a different social and intellectual background. There is another legal fight in the story. Jude Mason, a rebellious man who is described as a hippie before his time, is sued for writing an "obscene book." What transpires is a story centered on the laws and prejudices in sixties London.Babel Tower is my favorite part of this literary series. A.S. Byatt focuses on Frederica and her plights here more than on the previous novels. And the references to art and literature in this offering are especially engaging and insightful. I did miss the other members of the Potter family, but I loved reading about Frederica one more time. This is one beautiful novel and I so look forward to reading The Whistling Woman with utmost anticipation
Irish mystery-adventure withGreeley's blend of magic&amp;love. If this is your first McGrail novel-STOP. Leave now and go buy its three predecessors in paperback. It is worth following the magical singer -heroine and her smart [and, as needed, beserker] beau through their  development in all of the previous novels. It also helps to see the pattern  of past mysteries solved improving our understanding of our present and  hopes for our future-- never so much as in this novel of multiple assaults,  murders offset by love, forgiveness, wit, and healing
Invaluable. This book is great for artist, it is an invaluable tool of information with many ilustrations. I definitely recomended
what it is, and what it isn't. I bought this one as a pleasure read.  (Yes, I know...)  I was hoping that this would be an examination of the Biblical text and checking against the archaeological record.  It's not.  It's primarily an examination of the archaeological record, and the Bible is really only mentioned after you get about 300 pages in and is really just an incidental player in the text.  It's relevant to Scriptural studies, but not the book for a beginner.  However, despite my disappointment, I read the book all the way through.  Despite the fact that I have little background in archaeology, I was impressed by how clear the writing was.  Mazar does a fantastic job conveying the development of the area, and discussing how the people lived in each era.  If you're more interested in the Bible, this isn't your book.  If you're more interested in archaeology, this book is pretty good
Not Jensen's best, but still worth the read. Having read some of Jensen's material before, I had an idea of what to expect. With this book, the authors compare all of the attitudes and institutions of society to a machine, designed to convert "human beings to workers", to turn individuals into "cogs". Basically, the machine exists to control and direct the actions of the masses, for the purpose of achieving the goals of the few.While I like the writing style, the second half of this book can be quite tedious. During the first half, the basis for the machine is established, and the arguments made by the authors can be humorous and compelling. As the book progresses though, I got the feeling that every point had already been made, and the rest of the book mainly consists of those points being reinforced by listing endless examples. In the chapter "Money", the author spends several pages simply listing ways in which the government spends money. While this does help to hammer the point home, it makes a tiresome read. Still, the first half of the book alone makes it worth the read, and the second half comes in handy if you get into an argument with someone and want to bombard them with facts and numbers. If you like Jensen, this book shouldn't disappoint
Doyle's adventure into mystery. This will be the second time I have read this enjoyable book.  The story involves Sir Arthur Conan Doyle as the main character in a role that can only be described as "Watson." Thrust into the mystery, Doyle meets many people along the way but his companion in this story is his "Holmes."  Doyle must deal with mystics, evil cults & murderous assasins. Mr. Frost does a wonderful job of bringing you straight into the story and quickly into the action. Bringing in the other literaries of the time (Bram Stoker & Mary Shelley) makes this story even more interesting. Full of adventure and mystery, I HIGHLY recommend this book for anyone who likes a good "Holmsian" book and/or someone who likes a good adventure/mystery
Souper Soups and Salads. This is a really great soup book (and salads). The recipes have are very well put together.  I had been looking for a source of soup recipes and this book is now the place I come to first.  If you're looking for just vegetarian recipes then you'll be a little disappointed like a previous reviewer was since there is a section on seafood soups (10 pages long) and a section on seafood salads (13 pages long) but out of almost 400 pages of recipes that's not much (and although I haven't tried them they sound pretty tasty).  I'm psyched about this cookbook.  The recipes are easy, the ingredients are accessible yet not boring, and the end result is delicesuse!!
A Book Lovers Dream!. Booked to die is every book collectors and book lovers dream.  It is a fast paced story about a Denver cop who collects books.  It takes you into the shady world of book collecting (who would have guessed?)with the death of a book scout (someone who hunts for cheap books and sells them to a book store for less than retail price).  Cliff believes the death was committed by his nemsis, and Cliff goes off the deep end trying to prove this. Cliff leaves the force and dives into the world of rare and collectible book store owner however he can't let go of that last case.  With mystery, romance and plenty of good books this is a great read that all readers will enjoy
A must have for any student of the Transpersonal. This books breaks down biblical and religious stories in such a way to bring enlightenment to any layman seeking understanding.  Beautifully written, any student who is studying transpersonal psychology should have this as a reference material in their library
helped me to get my green belt. if you are taking your green belt then buy this book
This book changed my life. Fortunately, this book was my introduction to Buddhism.  Ms. Boorstein has a wonderful way of using simple, personal stories to illustrate Buddhist principles.  I actually have bought several copies since, and the audio tape, to give to interested friends.  Many times I've experienced something in life and remember what I learned from the book... and isn't that what makes a book a success?  That it stays with you
Engaging adventure. An excellent remaking of the Arthurian legend. It's complete as an action-adventure fantasy. The characters are feelable and real, the action is intense, the settings are exotic and the story fast-paced. It's a complete adventure you shouldn't miss
Charles Francis Adams. Charles Francis Adams is best remembered as the ambassador to England during the Civil War who helped keep England (and France) from recognizing the Confederacy. His father was John Quincy Adams. He was a Boston Whig very much opposed to slavery, though like Lincoln, he was willing to concede smaller issues to protect the larger ones (mainly the spread of slavery to incoming states). Adams was an austere man; it was said that when he entered a stuffy room, the temperature dropped 10 degrees. The most interesting events dealt with in this biography, written by his son, include:the 1848 Presidential election, where Adams had presided over the Buffalo Convention which formed the Free Soil Party and saw the nomination of Martin Van Buren as President and himself as Vice-President;the war with Mexico, a war Adams thought unjust and only an excuse for slave states to gain new territory;the Trent Affair in 1861, when two Confederate commissioners were arrested aboard the "Trent" on their way to England, which almost caused war with that country; andthe launching of the "Alabama" in Liverpool, a British privateer that Adams tried but failed to prevent from sailing, and then held the British government responsible for for the destruction of American property caused by the ship.Adams, Jr., tells his father's story in a robust, very readable style. It's informative and authoritative, and even after 100 years has the feel of definitiveness about it. Highly recommended.
An inncredible book. To start of this is an very inncredible book. It is ashamed it had to happen, but that is how life is. The book explains great detail of the Holocaust. When I first read this book I wanted to cry it is so emotional. If I had the chance to go back in time I would run away for all of this hatred.I really enjoyed this book, and I really like how Susan wrote it. Next time I will by another good book from her
thoughtfully discusses: what is &quot;biodiversity&quot;?. Scientists, environmentalists, and laypeople often assume that &quot;biodiversity&quot; is important, and should be &quot;saved&quot;. This book looks at different types of diversity and the reasons to preserve them, and helps the reader come to a  profound understanding of the concept. Perlman &amp; Adelson's book teaches people of any background to learn to look beyond &quot;buzzwords&quot; and to think critically about the value of  conservation
It's all about the boom. I taught preschool for years and now have a 6 month old.  I have read Chicka Chicka so many times that I can quote it verbatim from the first "A" to the last "Boom".  The thing about this book is how easy it is to make it exciting and fun for the listener. Anyone who teaches knows that reading to kids is almost as much about the acting as it is about the words and the pictures.  This book lends itself so easily to sign language, volume changes (BOOM BOOM!), tempo changes, humor, and body movements...if you're not willing to twist yourself "ally-oop" like "O", you may not grasp its greatness.  If you are, your listeners will be hooked on Chicka
Age of Reason. Paine's "Age of Reason" was a mind-blowing revelation for me, so I'll focus mainly on that in this review.  Although he has little formal education (fortunately it doesn't require much to know that hearsay, even the printed variety, is not always accurate), Paine is a brilliant independent thinker who advocates critically and intelligently evaluating the Bible. He dismisses the need to insist on divine explanations for what is simply the warlike, violent behavior of a typical tribal society, and shows his unique ability to filter the positive aspects of Biblical teaching (i.e. kindness, mercy, regard for one's neighbors) from the more mythological aspects of it (creationism, the fall of Satan, etc.).While it can be argued that because none of us have physically met Thomas Paine and thus have no reason to believe that he is truly the author of these works (just as we have never met Jesus and have no reason to believe that he said or did anything recorded in the Bible), this doesn't really matter.  Just like Paine points out that he can take the positive aspects of Jesus' teachings and employ them whether or not he believes in Jesus himself, so can we take the positive aspects of Paine's writings and employ them whether or not we believe that he ever existed.Another thing about "Age of Reason" that I found particularly gripping is Paine's ability to focus on the big picture regarding nature, rather than the individualized picture.  That is, while nature may not seem fair to each of us individuals who suffer and are unhappy, it is fair in a larger sense. While no other species but humans have developed the technology to (mostly) beat the system, for every species there is a species which it preys upon and which preys upon it.  Until humans developed the scores of vaccines and weapons and mass production of food that we have, we were just as much a part of this natural balance as any other creature.  Every species was equally liable to suffer extinction or overpopulation, and one's rising or falling were based on simple natural laws that applied to everyone -- there is no magic.  It is this "justice" that, I believe, Paine was talking about, not that there is no pain or struggle.  Every species has both a degree of robbing, raping, and killing, as well as a degree of giving, nurturing, and reproducing.  It's all part of the cycle, and while it is painful, it is neither good nor bad.Anyway, though Paine tends to go off on nitpicking Biblical tangents, the underlying point of Age of Reason is fairly straightforward: the various fallacies and cruelties of the Bible do reveal it as simply another human manuscript, no more divine and no less insightful than any other, and one can and should glean the good while straining out the bad, feeling no obligation to piously swallow it all whole if one does not agree.  Or, in a phrase: think critically.
Judge it for what it is, not what you thought it should be!. Read the reviews trashing this book and you will see they are not based on how well this book accomplishes what it purports to do, but on a distaste for stereotyping all of Africa with the tribal images presented. But unless this book claims to depict all of Africa--which it doesn't--that complaint is entirely another subject. I suppose a title of, say, "Tribal Africa" might be more descriptive than just "Africa," but surely we are all smarter than that. The book is obviously about the one slice of Africa it depicts.Those who for some reason are embarrassed by tribal Africa (apparently it's the nudity) don't seem to want anybody else to see any pictures of it, no matter how well done the presentation. It is as if they feel some kind of personal shame. But why?Even one of the editorial reviews takes a jab, in an otherwise glowing review, saying: "...despite the fact that it is a wildly ahistorical album that revives troubling old National Geographic stereotypes." In other words, presumably, even though it depicts nudity. But how is that "wildly ahistorical"? What is "troubling" about the old N.G. photos? In spite of modernity's fast encroachment, vast areas of tribal life do still exist in Africa (I go there, I see it); so one has to ask those who get so embarrassed, is it okay to photograph with style anything else in the world, or any other people in the world, except Africans?Beautiful books exist on American Indian culture today, and there are "glamorous" books on cowboys of the past; but no one would suggest these stereotype all Americans as Indians or cowboys. So why do people do it with books on Africa, even to the point of saying they are a lie? It's crazy!As a photographer and a collector of coffee-table books on Africa, I value--not denigrate--this book by the late, great Herb Ritts for the very fact that it is different. And it is the best I've seen in the style Ritts chose. The pictures are not only extra large, but in high resolution with great clarity--some are just plain breathtaking. Personally, I'd have preferred the book to stick with either people or animals (people!), but the land is shared by both, and maybe that was a point Ritts intended to make. I'm shorting the book one star because I thought the composition and subject matter of the animal pictures didn't always match the high quality and wonderful composition of the people pictures (one of which now hangs on my wall after I purchased a second copy of the book for that purpose). No doubt the animal subjects were more difficult to manage
One of the very best. Absolutely superb. Don't read the book copy (it might give too much away), in fact - don't even read these reviews. Just buy the book and dig in. You won't regret it
Great book on a tough subject. I am studying for an M.S in software construction/engineering and this book was used for a compiler course. This review is written from my perspective as a student required to understand the information.The language: The book is written in a clear and frindly "student"-friendly tone. It is actually like the author understands that I am a student and seeing this subject for the first time. The language is straightforward and not over-complex as I have seen it in other books used by instructors.The structure: As a student i liked the content of the exercises a great deal. They kept focus on things which had been discussed earlier and this is always a good thing. I was able to keep pace with the reading and to follow the course at the same time - this is quite a feat (though maybe i just pulled myself together this time).Content: It should be no problem for any instructor to plan the teaching using this book. The first chapters introduces compilers and the idea of simple text-recognition using regular expressions and finite automatas and moves on from there by introducing the BNF notation to write context-free grammers. Three chapters explains the essence of CF grammers and top-down and bottom-up parsers in a clear and friendly way.The book uses the C language to show programming examples. Personally i had not problems but some might feel that the use of pseudo-code would be more appropiate. The book describes the construction of a simple compiler (written in C) for a simple programming language. C or pseudo-code - i like this way of doing a real example which is followed all the way through the book. The entire C source-code for this compiler is presented in the back of the book and used as reference through the chapters.But - have you never seen the C programming language before, perhaps another book was better. It tries to keep focus on the clean understanding on the theory of parsers, semantic analysis and also later on code optimization. How to program compilers in an object oriented manner is not described, which i believe is okay since it would move the focus away from what is important here. There are books with focus on implementation of compilers in Java for instance, which could be a better choice if you are not a C programmer.All in all - a good compiler book for students if the instructor teaches by the structure of the book and uses the exercises in class. But it can also be used for self-study.
Innocence lost, or boys will be cruel. Golding is a deeply symbolic novelist who relies, especially in this novel and in The Inheritors (1955), on ideas from the viewpoint of evolutionary biology and anthropology.  The central symbol of The Lord of the Flies is that of a pig's head upon a stick stuck in the ground, a totem in the making perhaps, but seen by Golding as Beelzebub, the "lord of the flies," the devil, a head of rotting flesh enveloped by flies.The central idea is that without civilization we will degenerate into predatory animals ruled by superstition, the will to power, and the primordial need to survive.  When Piggy's glasses, which symbolize the tools and knowledge of our culture are broken, it signals the degeneration, the return to the wild in which, as Thomas Hobbes has it, there are "No arts; no letters; no society; and which is worst of all, continual fear and danger of violent death; and the life of man, solitary, poor, nasty, brutish, and short."That a group of English school boys could degenerate so quickly after crash-landing on a deserted island may be seen as a bit fanciful, or more exactly, as the artifice of the artist; nonetheless, the premise of this extraordinary work may well serve as a cautionary note for our times.  Should we, through nuclear warfare, a runaway greenhouse effect, sectarian violence on a global scale, or through the exhaustion of the fossil fuels that power our civilization, regress to the state of savages, we have this warning.Instead of the noble savage, instead of a return to the Garden of Eden, instead of the Swiss Family Robinson or Robinson Crusoe, Golding takes us step by step from the world of the boy's school to life and death power struggles and a fascination with savagery to the beginnings of tribal warfare.  As in The Inheritors, Golding sees not the good in humans, but the viciousness.  In The Inheritors we homo sapiens murdered the gentle Neanderthal, here we children become gangsters of the island, on our way to becoming tribal chieftains as murderous and vengeful as the God of the Old Testament.  I understand that Golding wrote the novel in part to answer the pollyannaish naivete of R.M. Ballantyne's The Coral Island (1857), which I haven't read.Clearly cruelty is one of Golding's main themes.  Left to their own devices and without the restraint of civilization's justice, humans will be cruel sometimes just to be cruel and sometimes as a means of gaining power.  The boys Ralph and Piggy naively try to set up a democratic sort of government, but are defeated by the brutality of Jack and his will to savagery.The loss of innocence that the boys experience is seen as not the loss of something they intrinsically had, but of something superimposed upon them by civilization.  In reality, Golding is saying, there is no innocence in children, that is only a fairy tale idea to which we romantically subscribe.This is one of those novels that has found its way onto the high school or even the middle school curriculum because it is easy to read and because it is easy for young people to relate to.  But the strength of this novel lies not only in its theme and readability but in the fine characterizations of the individual boys.  As in all great works of literature, it is the combination of character and story that compels us to turn the pages, and invites our admiration.It should be noted that Golding deliberately left out one of the central drives of humans, probably because he did not want to muddy up his theme of savagery, or perhaps because he felt the task too great or perhaps because he didn't find the task palatable.  I am referring to the lack of sexuality in the novel.  Not only are there no girls on the island, but the boys do not, at least overtly, involve themselves in sex.  We can see that Golding's artistry anticipated this criticism since it can be argued that the boys in this situation and at their tender age are not yet ready to express themselves sexually.  I wonder if postmodern psychology would agree.  Certainly Freud would not.Bottom line: a great read, a terrific adventure, but not a book in my opinion that should be read by preteens, in other words, you need to be older than the characters in the book in order to read the book without fear of nightmares
Highly disturbing book. When I first read this book, upon finishing it I immediately proceeded to rip it's 1000 pages up into several tens of thousands of little pieces. That was how much the story affected me. It disgusted me, it disturbed me, it ... moved me. After brooding about it for a few weeks it occurred to me that any writer that could move me to do something like that has really messed with my head, and if that's not the mark of a great writer I don't know what is. I then had to go out and buy another copy and read it again.Amid all the horror that Stephen King has unleashed from the darkness of his imagination, this has to be the most disturbing, disgusting and, at times, offensive work he has ever set to paper. Forget the movie... this is high octane writing which will leave you gasping for breath. With this book and "The Tommyknockers," Stephen King has proven that he is not just a great horror story writer, but a GREAT writer... period. Buy it, read it.
Interesting read for the extreme traveler. I loved the book, but hated how the author seems to be so selfish.  Grow up, take care of your kids, and quit trying to fill the void with everything else.  Life is way too precious and short to have such familial discord
!. Lie to Me was the first book I had read by Mr. Martin. I was in high school about 5 or 6 years ago, I was a freshman. I was board so I went to the librarywith my sister and I was just siiting around witing on her when I saw the name David Martin on a shelf. So I reached up and grabbed a book because his name sounded catchy. I happened to grab Lie to Me and started reading. I read the book in 2 days and then I bought it and read it over and over again. I still have the book. The reason I continued to read it is because no matter how many times I read it I could not put it down and it kept me on the edge the whole time and it still does. Mr. Martin is an extraodinary writer and because of Lie to Me I have been reading more books he's written and it's really help me to think better....
We will never know for sure. I bought this book because one of best friends committed suicide and I wanted some answers. I have read all the reviews and was prepared to either believe or dismiss it as the delusions of a mourning mother. I never actually believed that Anne lied, but I was prepared to believe that Stephen's narration was just an illusion in her head, born out of a desperate need to believe that he is ok.I just finished this book and even though on one hand some of Stephen's narration speaks to my heart, to a certain degree, in my opinion readers should be prepared to feel rather empty after reading this book. This book will not bring your loved one back. This book will not reassure you that your dead loved one is ok. Perhaps it will give you an idea of what afterlife is like, if you have a little faith, but the truth is, until you die and you meet your loved one and hear the truth personally, you will not rest.I was surprised at Anne's honesty. It takes courage to admit to all the mistakes that she did. She was a bad mother. But she did try to do the best that she could under the circumstances. Her mistakes do not justify Stephen's death. You are either strong enough to handle what life throws at you or you are not. Stephen was not.I do not believe that this book encourages suicide. I mean, Stephen's account of what happened to him after he died is not that great. It is only with time that the soul is able to find its way. But until that happens, it's not pretty.I would recommend this book to people who want to reassure themselves that their loved one is ok, and I believe that there is a degree of truth in this book, but be prepared to remain feeling restless afterwards. Because whatever you read, whatever reassurance you get from any book, your son, daughter, relative or friend will never tell you face to face what really goes on. Unless you achieve the state of consciousness that Anne describes which allows her to talk to her son, which, if it is true, I hope that some day we can do that too.If you are still looking for answers, I would recommend the "Conversations with God" trilogy by Neale MacDonald Walsh
Buddhism and pragmatism confronted. So, what is the meaning of life ??This book confronts two very different views on the meaning of existence in a fascinating way. The first thing that really appealed to me while reading was the open, friendly way in which the discussion takes place. This is not just because it is a father and a son speaking, it's also because they both represent philosophies that are open to other views and willing to listen and discuss their standpoints. If all religions were as inclined as buddhism (if buddhism indeed is a religion) to debate and discuss their teachings and dogmas, we would live in a more peaceful world indeed.The son, the monk, moved to Himmalaya in the 70's because he felt the west could not satisfy his spiritual seeking. At the beginning of the book I was very moved by this story, and by his criticism of western materialism which is right on target. But the further I read, the more I felt that the father, the philosopher, also had some very serious points in his criticism of the buddhistic metaphysics, and of the ascetic hermit life as an ideal.The problem is, it seems to me, that the buddhist devotes his whole life to feeling compassion with his fellow beings, but there - also - is something very arrogant in this concept of compassion. Buddhism in fact teaches us that suffering, when it comes down to it, is our own fault. It is a product of ignorance - the fully enlightened never suffers - and of bad karma from previous lives. So buddhist compassion seems to say: I feel compassion for you, but not because of the pain you suffer, but because of your ignorance.The problem with this view upon suffering - that it ultimately derives from ignorance - is revealed in the example of Tibet. The chinese occupation and destruction of Tibet shows us that suffering is real and calls upon not only meditation, but action - don't forget the Dalai Lama is also a diplomat.And how could karma have anything to do with this, Tibet being the spiritual society it is (was) ?Another problem with buddhist compassion is that it is best practiced far away from people who actually suffers - namely in caves or monasteries. Shouldn't the enlightened devote his life to helping his fellow beings ? Isn't it immoral to let the poor peasants in Bhutan and India pay for the monasteries and the monks (these peasants actually think they will go to heaven for the good karma they get by doing this) ?In conclusion I think this book shows us, that spirituality is simply necessary for us to live full lives. But also that we should try to change the world for the better by acting, and that science and politcal power actually therefore also are good tools we should use to create a more prosperous and peaceful world for everybody
Great adventure for any child who loves history!. We purchased this for our son who loves historical fiction and it was a wonderful story based on a true story.  It was fast paced and very detailed.  I would highly recommend this for your personal library as well as for your school library
Glimpse Into Humanity. On several occassions, I found myself getting choked up while reading this book.  It is intensly personal and we're lucky to be provided with an up close view of what Bruce Edwards and those who loved and worked with him went threw.  Experience is a hard thing to acquire, unless you actually have it.  This book offers a rare exception to its reader
This is a great book!. This was a great book with a wide variety of monologues to choose from.  The commentaries were extremely helpful when I had to perform one of the monologues in class and did not have time to read the play.  The best part  about having so many great piece to choose from is that I could always find  the perfect monologue for class, auditions, etc.  This book is worth  buying...I have used it many times
Concise and easy to read. In only 202 pages (who said professors can't boil things down to the essentials?) free market solutions are outlined to address some of our most serious problems. This is a win-win book. The ideas contained in it, if properly applied, could improve our economy and enhance our freedom at the same time
A Vital and Prophetic Tool. A wonderful teaching tool.  This book, like a solid, trustworthy, open pathway into the future awaits the readiness of men and women who are called into Interspiritual ventures in their response to God's call upon  their lives.  This book is like a hidden map rediscovered by folk who are  following their depths into the inevitable, realistic and mystical unknown  that awaits the faith-empowered who say Yes to the Journey. THE MYSTICAL  HEART is inspired by a Mature Spirit of Wisdom.  It is a practical, vital  and prophetic tool that will resource, encourage and guide us to greater  consciousness and awareness in our work
Superb and &quot;kitchen friendly&quot; recipes for all occasions. In Entertaining Simply, John Sarich and Diana Dillard effectively collaborate to offer an innovative and timesaving compendium of instruction for creating wonderful parties. Here is a complete shopping list for an entire party menu; daily &quot;to do&quot; lists for everything from sending out the invitations to uncorking the wine; guides fro what to buy, when to cook, and all the many details that go into organizing a party for any personal or professional occasion. From Apple-Butternut Squash Soup; Fennel-Crusted Tuna; Sausage-Stuffed Mushrooms; and Citrus Tart in Shortbread Pastry; to Herb and Hazelnut-Stuffed Tomatoes; Seattle-Style Barbecued Salmon; Lentil Gazpacho with Shrimp; and Basque Strawberry-Rhubarb Cake, Entertaining Simply offers superb and &quot;kitchen friendly&quot; recipes for all occasions from a brunch to a formal dinner
Good Read. This is the first book I've read by Lois McMaster Bujold.  I really enjoyed it.She created a very believable and complex world.  She had a nuanced approach to magic, which I appreciated, and wonderful characters.  The plot was engaging throughout.  My only complaints are that the story seemed a bit too neat and convenient in places and occassionally a bit hard to follow
I'm a new dad. Great read for the new dad or the old dad.  Have fun sharing the wisdom of our elders.
To Be or Not to Be Indio. This second book by Jeffrey Gould is a remarkable investigation of the  fate of Western Nicaragua's indigenous communities within the ladino  national state.  This history begins in the 1880's as scientific positivist  liberalism and booming export agricultural production embolden and enrich  Nicaragua's ladinos.  The era opens a second Conquest against Nicaragua's  indigenous communities under the banner of Progress, Civilization and  Modernity.  To Die in This Way  follows this story well into the 20th  century.  On the eve of the Sandinista Revolution, many of these indigenous  communities are broken, their children scattered through the countryside  and the city.  Their descendants share with their ladino neighbors a  disdain for  &quot;lo indio,&quot;  but they  share with these ladinos also  their &quot;memories of mestizaje,&quot;-their idealized memories (centered  in episodes of  &quot;primitive accumulation&quot;) of the destruction of  their communities.  These historical grievances augment shared experiences  of oppression in the agro-export economy, and contribute to the popular  antipathy toward the Somoza regime. 	Although the Sandinistas  incorporate these historical grievances into their revolutionary discourse,  after the Revolution, the Sandinistas fail to come to terms with the hidden  history of the indigenous communities.  'You were destroyed  by the  imperialist terratenientes,' they said, 'and we will avenge you.'  As the  reawakened Comunidades Indigenas demand their land, however, the  Sandinistas insist that, indeed, the Comunidades had been destroyed.   In  1990, the Sandinistas pay for their &quot;participation in the reproduction  of the myth of mestizaje&quot; with losses in the north by  margins of 4 to  1 and 5 to 1 in the areas of the Comunidades Indgenas.  	 Today still,  the hidden time bomb of the mestizaje project threatens to blow a hole in  Nicaraguan politics.  To Die in This Way proposes to bring this repressed  history into the open. &quot;This study shows,&quot; Gould states,  &quot;that the Nicaraguan Indians played such a vital economic and  political role from 1880-1925 that their absence from the standard  historical portrait leaves a seriously distorted image of Nicaragua's  social and political development.  Without understanding this prolonged,  multi-front assault against the Comunidades Indigenas it would be  impossible to recognize a submerged cornerstone of elite hegemony.&quot;      	To Die in This Way is a study of discourse in the Foucaultian sense.    It approaches the myth of mestizaje as a set of mutually justifying  rhetorical and coercive strategies which create the mestizo nation as a  natural condition. &quot; The `myth of Nicaragua mestiza,' the common sense  notion that Nicaragua had long been an ethnically homogenous society,&quot;  Gould writes, &quot;is one of the elite's most enduring hegemonic  achievements.&quot;  To Die in This Way adopts two senses of hegemony as it  undertakes to describe both the moment when a &quot;Nicaragua mestiza&quot;   becomes common sense, and how the mestizaje project colors resistance to  it.    The first, following Jean and John Comaroff, defines hegemony as a  naturalized ideology.  William Roseberry proposes,  however, that &quot;we  use the concept not to understand consent but to understand struggle, the  ways in which the words, images, symbols. . .used by subordinate  populations to talk about. . .or resist their domination are shaped by the  process of domination itself.&quot;     	Roseberry's comment on hegemony  addresses also the difficult concept of ethnic identity  so central to To  Die in This Way.  Precisely  because indgena becomes mestizo with the  triumph of mestizaje, the heirs of the discredited Comunidades Indgenas  claim no separate identity.  &quot;Who was I then,&quot;  Gould writes,  &quot;to devise ethnic identities around people's stories who rejected  those identities as irrelevant.&quot;  Kay Warren argues, though, that  indigenous identity is not a fixed set of attributes but is the outcome of  the type of struggle Roseberry describes, that is, it is the product of  resistance to a unifying state.  Gould recounts the demise of Nicaragua's  Comunidades Indgenas, then, as the history of indgenas robbed of the  means to articulate their identity by an expanding ladino economy and  state.  Moreover, the outcome of the struggle against the mestizaje project  is not a neutral reinterpreted indigenous ethnicity, but is one  characterized by loss.  &quot;But that loss,&quot; Gould argues, &quot;has  far less to do with essentialist markers of ethnicity crucial to cultural  survivalism and far more to do with the destruction of communities,  communal organizations and identities.&quot;       	The Comunidades  Indgenas are the history of  To Die in This Way.  Gould describes these  organizations as something of  &quot;a trade union, a powerful local  government cum political party and a church rolled into one,&quot; and  thus, they are the principal vehicle for conserving autonomous identities.    Each of the first three chapters highlights the struggle of specific  Comunidades.  In 1881, the Matagalpa indgenas rise in revolt against the  ladino municipal government over a mix of grievances, and attempt to create  an independent &quot;Indian nation.&quot;  Over the next two decades, local  elites broker a solution to the &quot;Indian problem&quot; with the  national government that silences the Comunidad.  In Boaco, the Comunidad  Indgena confronts expanding cattle ranchers armed with a discourse of  equal citizenship that denies its very existence.  Unlike Subtiaba, the  Comunidad continguous with Le/n, where artisan and ethnic politics  overlapped to form a flexible and intense resistance to ladino politics,  these two Comunidades succumbed to the mestizaje project and largely ceased  to operate several decades before the Sandinista Revolution.  However, in  all three cases, the events of primitive accumulation which mark watersheds  in these struggles enter collective memory and  be come important rallying  cries for the rural union movements of  the 1960's and 1970's.   	To Die  in This Way is an empirically rich study of a fundamental and poorly  understood element of Nicaragua's modern history.  While documenting the  history of western Nicaragua's silenced indigenous communities, it  constructs also a meaningful dialogue with other scholars engaging similar  problems.  Thus, the book makes a significant theoretical and empirical  contribution to Latin American historiography
A Swashbuckling Romance. That some authors can so quickly descend into disfavor is baffling. Consider Robert Ludlum being forgotten in fifty years.But that was the fate of Rafael Sabatini, an author of some of the most engaging swashbuckling fiction written in the English language.Peter Blood, a veteran of the high seas, but now a humble doctor in Bridgewater, is sold into slavery in the West Indies after an unfortunate rebellion - of which he had no direct part - in support of the duke of Monmouth. This incident is a catalyst for his metamorphosis to a bucanneer. A pirate with honor, Blood rescues ladies in distress, plunders treasure-laden ships, while preventing razing of conquered territory. His love for a woman constrains him, but will she love him back?Sabatini offers a romance set on the high seas. Captain Blood has some similarities with his other works - the utility of knowledge, the cultured protagonist acting against his nature, and the efficacy of laughter. When Blood tells Arabella, "A man must sometimes laugh at himself or go mad," it is faintly reminiscent of the opening line of Bellarion, Sabatini's famous novel.An engaging read, The Odyssey of Captain Blood, though less imposing than a Dumas, offers a wonderful way to spend time
Perfect!. I haven't tried all the recipes, but I make the New Year's Challah all the time and it is one of my favorite things.  The Hamentaschen are also excellent
A tribute to the people who created the legend. This year marks the 75th birthday of the world's most famous fictional girl detective, Nancy Drew. A fascinating new book celebrates those who created, nurtured and exploited her. "Girl Sleuth: Nancy Drew and the Women Who Created Her" by Melanie Rehak is a great read for Nancy Drew fans everywhere. But first, I must say, the title is a bit deceptive. In actuality, Nancy was sort of created by committee. And the first people on that committee were men, beginning with Edward Stratemeyer and his publisher, Grosset & Dunlap.Around 1900, Stratemeyer was writing serialized stories --lots of them, including the Rover Boys, the Bobbsey Twins and later the Hardy Boys. His work was in such demand that he decided to hire ghostwriters to help him. The clever businessman devised a brilliant scheme whereby he would come up with a plot outline, hand it off to one of his writers to complete for a one-time fee, and then he would edit it and hand it over to the publisher. The ghost writers agreed never to mention to anyone that they had written the books. The Stratemeyer Syndicate was born.It was Mildred Wirt Benson, a journalist working in Cleveland at the time, who first became author "Carolyn Keene" and brought Nancy Drew to life from a plot idea of Edward Stratemeyer's. According to Mildred, "Lots of people think that Nancy Drew just came, but I've paid for that with blood, with real blood. I sweat when I wrote the books and I worked hard, unbelievably hard."Along the way, others, including at least one man, would become "Carolyn Keene," and eventually the writing was taken over by Stratemeyer's daughter, Harriet Stratemeyer Adams. Throughout the book we see the contrasts between the prim and proper East Coast lady, Harriet, and the adventurous Midwesterner, Mildred.Although the stories of these writers are interesting, the book is not just about them; it's also about American history, especially about women's rights and how the attitudes toward women have changed. The author talks about what little girls would read around 1900 (mostly stories for boys, since that was all that was available), then shows the effect the world wars had on girls and women and how Nancy Drew eventually became a symbol for independent women everywhere.I thoroughly enjoyed "Girl Sleuth." My only complaint is that it would have been nice to have an appendix listing all the books and who did what to them. Booklist magazine suggests that those who like this book also will like "The Secret of the Hardy Boys," which is about the ghostwriter of that series
It isn't "all in your head" Read this book & learn SO much!!. This book and another, Natural Hormone Balance, are two of the biggest reasons I started my own web site to help other people make safer consumer choices. I have had "mysterious" medical problems since I was a teenager and no doctor ever - EVER - thought to check my hormones. I knew there was something different, something not quite right. I finally found a doctor who agreed! He decided to check my hormones and asked me to read up on the subject so I could learn more about my body and together we could make good decisions. My life has changed! And I'm only 39 - so many doctors told me I was "too young" for hormone problems even though many of the signs of dominance/deficiency are as plain as day in my medical history. If you're concerned about product safety, or chemicals and hormones in our food and our environment, do some research at www.ahealthylifeshop.com and http://ahealthylife.blogspot.com You'll be better educated and perhaps industry will respond as more and more consumers demand safer choices.
Christian mystery. It's so nice to find an author who doesn't have evryone jumping in bed with everyone else and the language was very pleasing to the ear--no profanity
Truth on the Spiritual Path. This book should be read by everyone, and especially those interested in the afterlife/NDE, spirituality, and psychic ability. When reading this book, those knowledgeable about these subjects will find a common thread by other authors/books and a better understanding and substantiation will result. Other authors/books for those on the spiritual path are:- "The Mystic Path"- by Raymund Andrea ; "The Wisdom of the Mystic Masters"- by Joseph Weed ; "Psychic Gifts - Tools to Connect" - by Tiffany Snow and "Destiny of Souls"- by Michael Newto
Astonishingly good book. This is an astonishingly good book, which integrates the best real estate research over the past decade into a practical textbook. It is pitched at masters level and is not recommended for people starting out their study of real estate
Trust and Betrayal in the Workplace. I am very impressed with the clear presentation of the complex issues of trust and betrayal.  The book is easy to read and filled with useful examples for illustrating the key points.  In particular, the Reina's model  has helped me distill the complexity of the concepts into practical, usable  interventions.  I especially like the 7 steps for healing from betrayal and  the Ideas-in-Action section of each chapter.  Thank you
One of his best!. having read many of koontz's works, i have found this to be one of his best. i am biased, though, in that i appreciate koontz's use of psychology in his works. while many if not most of his writings could be classified as psychological thrillers, this work goes beyond in my opinion. koontz has done his research and depicts, in a very real way, the fear and debilitation that a psychological disorder can cause. that being said, this book is not recommended for those with a tendency toward anxiety or excessive fear. koontz's writing is very powerful and very real
An amazing book. I loved the book you made. I think Shiloh is an awesome book. Keep writing and I'll keep reading. I love the drama and how marty tries to save shiloh. I cried alittle when Shiloh got hurt by the huge German Sheperd.I think its an emotional terrific book. Shilohs the number 1 book made
Great Size and Easy use. We used this book for our trip to Italy and I found it to be a very big help. Also the small size made it easy to stick in my pocket and carry all over without looking like tourists.Now we tried to learn as much Italian as we could before we went over so we didn't need it for very basic words but it was great when we didn't understand some words while eating or in museums.It is split into different topics so its easy and quick to find things about shopping, eating, hotels, trains, etc...I really didn't try to use it if I was trying to have a conversation with a fluent speaker as I don't think it was really made for that purpose.So overall I found this book to be a huge help, but let me also suggest trying to learn as many basic words as possible. It will make things quicker and easier
purna swaraj. I learned a great deal from Mahatma Gandhiji (1869-1948) by reading NON-VIOLENT RESISTANCE.  This book is a collection of articles written at the hand of Gandhiji for the magazines &quot;Young India&quot; and &quot;Harijan&quot;.  In addition, there are some interviews.  The term Satyagraha was authored by Gandhiji to describe the process of non-violent resistance.  Satyagraha has as its goal reform.  It requires a great deal of discipline on the part of the participants.  It also requires an opponent that is capable of reform.  I have been applying what I have learned from this book in an attempt to reform myself.  If you are interested in the life of Mahatma Gandhiji, or in the process of non-violent resistance, this book will be interesting to you
More Than a Carpenter. Wonderful easy to follow discussion of how an non-believer researched the available information regarding the real identity of Jesus Christ.  Well researched, clearly stated facts. Great conclusions!  I would recommend this book to anyone who has questions about who Jesus Christ was and who he claimed to be.  More than a carpenter is for believers and non-believers alike
"The future is coming and it is older than you think". This is an extremely interesting and important book. It seeks to identify the major social trend of the human future, and indicate ways it can be shaped for the benefit of us all.The dramatic rise in the average length of life which took place in the twentieth century is according to Ken Dychtwald going to continue in the future. The great cohort of the Baby Boomers, seventy- six million strong is moving into 'Old Age' and they will bring with them new demands and even a new definition of the condition of 'Old Age'.As the author sees it we are moving toward a 'gerontocracy' where the older segments of the population will have more and more power, not only in the market- place, but in determining the values and priorities of society as a whole.For Dychtwald the fact that more and more people will live longer and longer lives, and will be an increasingly large proportion of the population raises challenges for Humanity as a whole of a kind we have not faced before.Will Old Age become as it is for so many now a story of chronic illness, increasing disability? Or will the new technologies and medicines that are emerging enable for most a transformation where not only the age of old age will be pushed backward, but where a new ' cyclic' kind of life- style will begin with people starting new careers, new lives, new worlds of interest in old age?The questions are many and Dychtwald provides a text which is tremendously rich in information and suggestions.He points to the fact that the United States is not now really preparing itself for this dramatic demographic change. And he indicates that nonetheless many prescient and active individuals are moving toward extending their lives in a healthier and better way.There are many questions raised by the books arguments that I cannot begin to address in this review. One is the question of what happens to the human spirit , the human power of innovation, the whole feeling of hope in life when there is in effect a world of older generations only, with so little youth in it?Other questions I have relate to the overall purpose and meaning of lives seemingly dedicated to their endless extension and pleasure. And here I should say Dychtwald is very aware of the necessity of creating futures in which people ' give' to others, find meaning in their lives through helping.On the whole I am I think a bit less optimistic than the author of this work. Perhaps it is because I recently spent time , over a month, watching an elderly relative receiving the most advanced medical care , which did not prevent her suffering and decline.I have no doubt that the future will have many more people who live longer and healthier lives. But it seems to me at this point anyway that it will also have many more people living in conditions of chronic pain and disability.I too despite the 'vision' that is presented so competently here cannot in my heart cry out, "Brave new world that has so many old people in it."
The Story of a Stroke Survivor: A Hero, Her Family &amp; Friends. This book should be required reading for anyone in the field of rehabilitation.  And it is a tremendously inspiring story for all of us who wonder how we could ever manage if we were struck with a disabling illness.   If it were fiction it would be a great read.  The fact that it's a true  story gives one goosebumps as well.  Bonnie Klein suffered a devastating  stroke.  This book is about her recovery - both physical and psychological  - and the wonderful love and support she received from friends and family,  especially from a wonderful husband.  It also shows the predjudice and  meanness of some people when they are faced with a person who is  &quot;different&quot;.  And the ignorance and arrogance of some of the  rehabilitation &quot;professionals&quot; she encountered along the way.  It  is a story of terror, hope, the tremendous importance of love and support,  and how one finally comes to terms with being less facile physically than  one used to be.  Bonnie Klein is a hero.  Her family and friends most  loving and genuine.  It is a great read
After Silence: Rape and MY Journy Back. I had to read this book for one of my Woman's Studies classes at Western Illinois University.  I think this is a must read book for everyone (especially those who are in recovery or have been convicted of a violent crime of this nature).  It is a bit graphic and I don't recomend that anyone under high school age read it.   I had to set it down a couple of times due to that, but, it was nessessary to truely understand Ms. Raine's story.  You don't truely understand what someone goes though after rape without going through it yourself.
Humorous...if you think about it. This collection of stories and essays by David Sedaris definitely contains a lot of variety.  Overall, I found the way the stories were dripping with sarcasm delightful.  Some stories were a bit dry, but others such as "SantaLand Diaries" and "Diary of a Smoker" had me laughing out load.  However, the best stories I found were the ones such "Season's Greetings to our Friends and Family!!!" which I had to think about before fully understanding and laughing at their humor.  I would definitely like to read more of Sedaris' works, especially those based on his real-life experiences as, overall, I found the collection of essays in this book more entertaining than the stories
I Am David. The book I Am David is about a boy that was in a concentration camp his entire life.  David was given the chance to escape and he didn't let that opportunity get away.  David escaped and set out on his long journey to Denmark, when he got there he just try's to learn what life is like outside the camp gates and how to survive in the life as we know it but not look suspicious.David is watching two boys play with there beautiful sister outside a barn.  Then they inside the barn and David looks away and thinks about the beautiful girl that he just saw.  As he is walking away he here the boys screaming that there sister is in there and David looks back and notices that the barn is on fire!  David thinks about what he should do and then he finally puts a wet cloth around his mouth and nose to stop him from breathing in smoke and runs towards the barn.  He runs past the crying boys and into the dry, fiery barn, when he gets in he sees that the girl is tied up by rope in a chair with fire surrounding her.  Quickly he jumps through the fire surrounding her and cuts the rope with his pocket knife, releasing her from the chair.  David picks the girl up and runs through the fire and out the door.  When David gets out he notices that the girls father is there and he thanks him for saving his daughter, Maria's life and then he insists that David comes to there house to stay with them , he was excited, for he always wanted to know what a house was like so he said yes.I recommend this book to anybody, girl or boy, mother or father, or even grandmother or grandfather.  I am David is a book about living and it showed me how lucky I am to have the things I have and know the things I know.  I Am David made me think more about religion because David thinks he needs something to believe in so he worships God of the green pastures and the still waters.  If you read this book you will be inspired by David and how he escapes and the changes he faces from his environment at the camp to the outside world.  Overall, reading I Am David could make you think about how you do things and change the things you know, I Am David is a great book and I truly recommend it
Insightful essays on the Almost Free Press. This is a serious collection of 10 academic essays about Al Jazeera, the 24-hour Arabic satellite-broadcasting network. In a sentence, Al Jazeera has transformed the way Arab nations get their news. The essays, edited by Mohammed Zayani, explain how the network and its state sponsor, Qatar, have created political and media turmoil of a scope well beyond the size of the network or the nation. The essays cover the network's history, Arab journalism, the role of women, the war in Afghanistan, the Israeli-Palestinian conflict, and how the network has affected the media and governments of other Arab nations. The writers explain how other Arab states and the West perceive this new media outlet and its coverage. An outstanding essay by Faisal Al Kasim, the host of a popular Al Jazeera show, 'The Opposite Direction,' gives some powerful reasons why the network is a threat to other Arab nations. Basically, he writes about the power of a free press and how it could transform traditional secular Arab culture. Of course, to U.S. eyes, Al Jazeera often seems polemic, biased and political, but according to these essays, it is by far the freest media outlet in any Arab country. We recommend this book to anyone seriously interested in the Middle East, broadcasting or the impact of technology on shaping public opinion
A great translation of a great classic. Admittedly, this is the first translation of "The Aeneid" I've ever read, but in some ways that was to my advantage. After slogging through clunky prose translations of Homer's two great poems, reading Fitzgerald's quick and clear translation of Virgil in verse was like a breath of fresh air. His afterword about the poem and Virgil's life is well worth the price of the book. I will definitely be picking up copies of Fitzgerald's Homer translations in the future.There may be something about "The Aeneid" that is inherently less satisfying than Homer's works, but it is probably that Virgil was trying too hard to write an apologetic for Roman rule, and not hard enough to tell a compelling story. The journey to the underworld where Aeneas meets all the future rulers of Rome is audacious and fun to read, but probably not of great interest to anyone who has not studied Roman history (as I have not). Still, there are enough good characters (e.g., Dido, Anchises, Juno and Turnus) that the reader will never be bored.Virgil never completed the poem, and some inconsistencies can be found in the story. Some have suggested that he intended to write more books to close out the founding of the Trojan/Italian kingdom, but the "downer" ending we have with us is probably more satisfying than another book with political details
A great read!. I was a little thrown off by the style of writing, but ceased to notice it after just a few short pages. The story was of the sort that would leave you thinking about it well after you finished the last page
this is an excellent book. First off, this book lists all of the major dieties of the Forgotton realms, it gives stats and powers, and explains how the gods work.  Anyone who actually reads this book instead of looking at the stats for the gods will find it to be incredibly useful.  It explains how everything about the gods and their power should be used, it gives history of their church, and it's central dogma,  and in many cases their ascension.  The Prestige classes are faith specific for a reason, so if you're bitching about that, shut up.  The race specific pantheons are in less detail because they are used less, and the book would have easily cost $ if the writers had gone into full detail about EVERY god in the FR, let's face it, there are a lot of them
Generation X: A+. Douglas Coupland created the name of an entire generation in "Generation X," with his look at the lives of disaffected twentysomethings, in lives that lack an indefinable something. Witty, incisive and intelligent, Coupland's debut is still an outstanding read long after the original twentysomethings are twentysomething no more.Three twentysomethings -- Andy, Claire, and Dag -- first encounter each other in the California desert, far from their original homes. All three are "underemployed, overeducated, intensely private, and unpredictable," and they are adrift in life -- they want meaning in their lives, but they don't know what it is or how to find it.Disgruntled by the soulles pop culture, they've all left the world behind in favor of a non-rat-race life. They take up unrewarding minimum-wage "McJobs," and form a little Platonic circle that tells stories about themselves and the future, giving insights into what drove them to that place in the first place."Generation X" is one of those rare books that takes on the problems of youth with genuine intelligence. No matter how many curmudgeons say that "kids today have it easy," each generation has its own problems and challenges, including ones of the soul. It's those problems that Coupland seeks to address here.That intelligent edge has gotten the book labelled pretentious, but if anything it lacks pretension. Coupland is frank and upfront, both about his "slacker" protagonists, and in the attitude he has toward the world. He tackles the insecurities and dissatisfactions of youth, and how the people who came of age in the early 1990s struggled with the concept of a society in flux. They were too old to be innocent, too young to be fully benumbed.Coupland's writing is rougher here than in his later novels like "Shampoo Nation" and "Girlfriend in a Coma." But it has his usual wry zing and offbeat style, stripped down to a mass of details and thoughts, and the ability to look at how the masses worry about things that don't really matter. He's cynical and dark in places, but has a certain downbeat optimism as well.Douglas Coupland's debut has a languid, downbeat beauty about it. And the insightful "Generation X" is still a modern classic, with something to say to any generation
A very exaustive overview. I've read many books on this theme,but I rarely came across a treatise so complete,so vast in scope ans so profound and well written, whit many original and illuminating notations. The historical background the author gives adds a most needed cultural and philosophical perspective on human thinking (and biases) in the exploration of one of the greatest scientific mysteries
Comments of book &quot;The New Knowledge Management&quot;. The book "The New Knowledge Management" addresses some very intriguing concepts and provides some innovative thinking in the knowledge management area. It shows how the fundamental concepts of organization learning, innovation, social innovation capital, and complex adaptive systems are related to knowledge management. The author introduces the reader to the idea of "second -generation knowledge management" which is used as a framework to relate the above concepts to knowledge management.  "Second-generation knowledge management is more inclusive of people, process, and social initiatives than "first-generation knowledge management".  The book provides some unique insights and organizations approaches to sustain innovation. These insights are the first of its kind and have far reaching implications to how we should manage organizations. The book is very thought provoking and a must read for people interested in theory and practical implications. I am currently using it as one of my text in teaching a graduate course in knowledge management
Brought bodybuilding into the spotlight. Before this book, bodybuilding was an obscure sport that nobody cared about or was interested in. Pumping Iron changed all that with it's realistic look at the sport with many pictures of the champions of the 70's  &amp; early 80's at work and play. Shattered many of the myths that people  believed about bodybuilders and presented them as ordinary people with an  intense drive and competitive will
Excellent book for team building. This is an excellent book on true team building. I have been a part of ropes courses and other team building activities. In my opinion, they are lots of fun, but in the end do little to actually build team. This book gives a practical and accessible guide for being able to build effective teams, and teams that work within the unique structure of the organization that you might be in. Principled and not necessarily prescriptive, there are many concepts and ideas that can be gleaned to make more effective teams within your organization. I also enjoyed the story style of presenting the concepts as they gave a real world environment in which to see the concepts played out. Excellent resource
Finally, a book that is easy-to-understand and apply. Dr. Stanley writes in the easy way that he teaches on this sensitive subject.  He shares his own experience of coming to understand that the more surrendered he was to God in his life; the more he gave up his &quot;rights&quot; and his &quot;will,&quot; the more the Spirit could fill him and lead him.  The resulting joy and peace will leave you anxious to apply this new understanding to your own life.  This book is not a lecture to the ignorant, but a sharing between friends.  Inspiring in it's warmth and clarity
Sweet Story!. Wake Me Up In Spring is a wonderful little book to read with a young child.  The interaction between two friends, a mouse and a bear, conveys the sadness of being separated from a good friend and the joy of reuniting in a very simple and sweet way.  You'll walk away from this one happy
A very useful book. This is a very good book. It has more information on more subjects and record sources than any other book I know. It is generally very easy to understand and apply, but I found, when I used it to teach a correspondence class on American research, that it was a bit overwhelming for the beginning student. It is expensive, but its contents justify its price, and everyone who takes American genealogical research seriously should own this book
Wonderful!. Having loved the first four books in this series I was eager to read this one, until I read the other reviews, which were less than flattering. I am glad I ignored those reviews and read it anyway! I loved the weaving of past and present. The plot was fun, the characters had wit and charm, and there was balance between the good and evil. I am always a sucker for a good magic story anyway. I can't wait to read the next series
Chadwick does it again. Once again, scientist/author Doug Chadwick has written a book that charms with its prose and intrigues with its message.  One of the finest nature writers of our time, Chadwick has outdone himself with this book on whales and other cetacea.  It provides a wealth of information on these animals that was previously hidden away in scientfic journals.  Beyond that, it provides a very personal glimpse of how whale research is being conducted and of the researchers themselves -- how they relate to whales in ways that never make it into technical articles.  Yet, best of all is Chadwick's exploration into the nature of whale societies or cultures.  Careful not to slip into anthropomorphism, Chadwick deftly graples with some of the most compelling issues of our time, concerning conservation of highly intelligent wildlife.  Conventional wildlife management focues on numbers of animals, thinking of each member of a species as being equal to every other member of that age-sex class, then striving to maintain optimal numbers in each class to maximize harvstable yield.  Only recently, with in depth studies of known individuals, have scientists begun to glimpse how much chimpanzees, gorillas, bears, and yes whales differ as individuals and groups, and how this affects overall welfare of populations and species.  There is no book on non-primate animals to equal this one in trying to look beyond humanity to understand 'minds within the skins of other kinds.',,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,Stephen F. Stringham, PhD, Wildlife Biologis
The Magic of Thinking Big. Refreshing audio, letting yourself be open-minded and then relate and apply what you hare to your present situation. This audio cd will is good for those people that are constantly on the go
fun yoga diary. There are not images as I expected throughout the book. But the narrative is light and fun about learning yoga.
Double Zeroes.  House wins. The Dead Zone is quite possibly Stephen King's most moving work.  Only a short way into this novel, written early in his career, the kind of sentimental and sympathetic characterizations that King would later use to great effect in the Green Mile and Hearts in Atlantis is easily apparent.  In fact, he very likely succeeds better with this work than in the latter two.One thing to keep in mind if you're planning to start on this book (and I highly suggest you do so, the characters are the most real and heartbreaking that you're likely to find in a King novel) is that it is not horror and it is, in the end, an account of the life and times of Johnny Smith.To my mind, this entire story is a study for loss and the terrible, painful, necessary trait we humans have of moving on, forgetting those we have lost and... replacing them.  Johnny experiences this first hand, and much of the story revolves around his attempts at reintigrating himself into a world that kept going without him and couldn't care less if he lived or died.Many are annoyed by the subplots in the story or by the rather brief resolution of the Greg Stillson story thread.  I'm going to go out on a limb and say that the entire Greg Stillson "problem" was placed in the story simply to aid Johnny in coming to his final, inevitable conclusion to the answer of what to do with his new, nearly empty life.  Could there be any other outcome?  Stillson is almost a deus ex machina in what he ultimately provides for Johnny.In the end, this is one of King's best novels.  The reader can easily see themselves in Smith's shoes and can experience through him the realization of fears we all have: of being forgotten, of having the world pass us by
A mixed bag, redeemed by a handful of very strong contributions. The Best American Comics 2006, edited by Harvey Pekar and Anne Elizabeth Moore, is something of a mixed bag. The physical components are top notch, so this collection will look very nice on the bookshelf. Also, there is a nice variety of techniques and styles in the offering. In this respect, it is probably a good representation of the state of American comics today. On the downside, I feel that there is a bit too much filler in this volume.Make no mistake, Pekar and Moore deserve a good deal of credit for this work. Several of the stories are extremely good. Among these, I would include Complacency Kills by Joe Sacco, La Rubia Loca by Justin Hall, Dance with the Ventures by Jonathan Bennett, Portait of my Dad by David Heatley, Thirteen Cats of my Childhood by Jesse Reklaw, and Walkin' the Streets by Robert Crumb. These stories are well drawn, emotionally moving, and very well written. Some of the other work, however, is simply average, or just didn't appeal to me. A small portion of the book is not very good at all, in either story or art.One of the more questionnable offerings, in my opinion is Rabbithead by Rebecca Dart. This story is highly innovative, but it comes across as more bizarre than enjoyable. Chemical Plant/Another World by John Porcellino is another one that I found objectionable. It falls in that "slice of life" category without much meaning or substance. Fortunately, these weaker stories are in the minority.One very admirable aspect of this work is the price. The hardbound book is an exceptional value at $22.00. When compared to the usual price of graphic novels, you get quite a lot of bang for your buck. If a reader doesn't mind some inconsistency in the quality, it's probably a good buy.
GREAT MINDS ON THE SAME PATH. GREAT INFO TO KEEP ALL THE PLAYERS ON THE SAME GOAL AND PAGE
Why is the golden rule golden?. Disparate as they may be in other ways, the world's constituted religions have all created their own formulations of the "Golden Rule."Christianity:  "In everything, do to others as you would have them do to you; for this is law of the prophets."  Jesus, Matthew 7:12.Confucianism:  "One word sums up the basis of all good conduct:  loving kindness.  Do not do to others what you would not want done to yourself."  Confucius, Analects 15:23.Hinduism:  "This is the sum of the Dharma (duty):  do naught to others which would cause pain if done to you."  Mahabharata 5:1517.Islam:  "Not one of you truly believes until he wishes for his brother what he wishes for himself."  The Prophet Muhammad, 13th of the 40 Hadiths of Nawawi.Jainism:  "One should treat all creatures in the world as one would like to be treated."  Mahavira, Sutrakitanga 1.11.33.Judaism:  "What is hateful to you, do not do to your neighbor.  This is whole Torah; all the rest is commentary.  Go and learn it."  Hillel, Talmud, Shabbat 31a.Sikhism:  "I am a stranger to no one; and no one is a stranger to me.  Indeed, I am a friend to all."  Guru Granth Sahib, pg. 1299.Taoism:  "Regard your neighbor's gain as your own gain, and your neighbor's loss as your own loss."  Lao T'zu, T'ai Shang Kan Ying P'ien.Unitarian Universalist Association:  "We affirm and promote respect for the independent web of all existence of which we are a part."  Unitarian principle.Zoroastrianism:  "Do not to others whatever is injurious to yourself."  Shayast-na-Shayast 13:29.Native American Spirituality:  "We are as much alive as keep the Earth alive."  Chief Daniel George.Baha'i Faith:  "Lay not on any soul a load that you would not wish to be laid upon you and desire not for anyone the things you would desire for yourself."  Baha'u'llah.Buddhism:  "...Treat not others in ways that you yourself would find hurtful."  The Buddha, Udana-Varga, 5.18.In ascending their individual mountains of faith toward the same holy sky, the religions of the world have not only aspired to the divine but apparently also...their common humanity
well worth the trouble. Portuguese Ferdinand Magellan departed the known world in 1519 to find a new route to the lucrative spice islands for Spain. One of his five ships returned to Spain three years later: the first to circumnavigate the globe.Bergreen provides a faithful account of Magellan and his exploits, with the interesting context of patrons in Portugal and Spain. It is a lucid, rewarding account well worth the trouble
A Fascinating Addition to Civil War Literature. This is a delightful book, and in many ways:1. It describes the life of a wonderfully interesting lady who didn't stay just home and make babies.2. It gives a picture of Washington D.C. as it existed at the time of the Civil War. This picture is in two parts:a. the physical aspects, the filth, smell, and how life was lived, andb. the way Washington worked then (and now) power, money and sex.3. It is based on new information -- her diary, originally thought to have been written in code, but in fact just very poor penmanship.The story starts with a message sent to Gen. P.G.T Beauregard to give him an week's notice of when the Union Army would attack Manassas (Bull Run). He used this information to order reinforcements that enabled him to defeat the yankees. Through the course of the war Rose would be caught, imprisoned (without habeas corpus to even know the charges against her). She was exiled to the South, where she was sent by President Davis to France and England to try to get them to assist the South.This is a fascinating book. All the more so because it is true. Rose was a character born long before her time
The greatest debut ever. Maybe some people will not like it, but this book is as good as they come!. It's plot is superbly and tightly woven; the characters seem like people you could find in the supermarket, yet they turn into extraordinary people when facing extraordinary challenges. Clancy makes this transition in a very smooth way. The events are concatenated in a highly logical way to get you to the final ending. About the only thing I can criticize is the somehow biased stance it takes in USA-USSR relations, but we have to remember that the book was written when the cold war was still something from the present.Clancy is one of the best plotters I've ever read and his surrogate son (or friend?) John Patrick Ryan is a very believable character. If you like geopolitical intrigue, fast action and a very good plot, you should not miss this
Clear, Precise and Actionable. During a conversation in Washington, DC in 1988, I was stunned by how succinctly my former professor Carl Sagan was able to summarize the behavior of bureaucrats inside the U.S. Government.  After listening quietly to my rant about inactions of the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency on the subject of acid rain and global warming, Sagan simply offered the following one-liner:  "Bureaucratic Ecocide."Joe Romm's convincing, straight-forward and extremely well-written book reminds me of Sagan's ability to cut to the quick of a matter like a laser beam.  Romm writes with precision and insight about a complex subject.  This gift is made all the more precious to us because of the layers of obfuscation, half-truths and outright lies of the "Deniers and Delayers."  Because of the complexity of the subject and the murky job done to date by the press, Romm's talent to clarify shines like a beacon to all thinkers on the planet.  Read this book - for yourself and for the generations yet to come.  Then take action.
recommend this for any golfer. great book, well written and illustrated.  Breaking 100, 90, 80 will take any golfer's game to the next level
Grace and Power: Jack and Jackie reign at the top of the White House Hill. Washington insider and biographer Sally Bedell Smith opens the doors to 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue during the Kennedy administration. This is a revealing look at the private passions, joys, griefs and lives of those people who were starsin the Kennedy court. We also get a good look at Jack Kennedy andhis wife Jackie. Those readers expecting a tabloidish perusal will be disappointed. This is a serious book and deals withthe major obstacles faced by Kennedy in his short term prior tothe tragedy of Dallas. We learn:how Kennedy dealt with Khrushchev; the Bay of Pigs and CubanMissle Crisis; the burgeoning furor over integration and therelationship Kennedy developed with his staff and Congress.We learn about the lives and opinions of such key Kennedy loyalists as Bob McNamara; LBJ; Dean Rusk. We are invited tothe Kennedy compound where we become better acquainted with thatfascinating family. US involvement in Vietnam following the overthrow of Diem is also discussed with intelligent commentary,Jack Kennedy was brilliant. He was also ill with many problems most notably his Addison's disease. Kennedy was a notorious womanizer who was amoral! The press of the day did not reveal his many affairs with everyone from Marilyn Monroe to White House secretaries. Jack Kennedy was not a nice man!Jackie was a jet setter who loved to spend money on clothes, travel and shopping sprees. She was also highly intelligent, engineered much needed White House renovation and was a plus ondiplomatic jaunts abroad. In Paris she talked fluent French with De Gaulle and represented the US well in trips to such places asIndia.This is a fine book for those seeking more knowledge of the Kennedy White House. Along with the book by Richard Reeves it is a good introduction to John Kennedy and the 1000 days this modern day Prince Arthur and his Guineviere reigned over America
Help Raise Your Child's Reading Level. My Child's 1st grade teacher told us that he had not progressed during the 1st grading period.  He was still at a 3/4 reading level.  I purchased this book and began working with my child 5 night's a week for 6 weeks.  We worked through all 100 words just in time for his 2nd grading period assessment.  He jumped to a level of 9/10
Enjoyable. This is the first time I've read anything by Ellen Gilchrist and I was enthralled with her writing style. I enjoyed the stories and liked the characters and given her upbringing, I was not surprised that she would embrace the life of a wife and mother - I think it made sense that she would be happy to finally have a normal life and give her kids a normal childhood. I really like the characters - Freddy with his amazing generousity - his friendship with Neiman. I liked the different personalities of the children, Neiman's overbearing mother. I loved the little story about Father Donny and the hairdresser.I was expecting Sandy to come up again - thought we were a bit led on with that one - also thought all the happy endings were a little too much.All in all, however, I really enjoyed this book and the characters - and especially Gilchrist's writing. I will definitely be going back and reading her earlier works.
Telling it like it is.... Jayne Dixon Weber has been there.....she KNOWS what it's like to raise a child with fragile x syndrome. I met her on a trip to Denver with my son, also affected by FXS, and was impressed by her. All of that comes through in the firm grasp of the facts in her book. It's hard to describe this life to someone who hasn't been there, and Jayne does a remarkable job. I find her work to be professional and compassionate. I think this book would be a wonderful addition to a parent's library as well as that of educator, social worker, doctor, etc. It's a VALUABLE personable easy to read book, from a true veteran
The Rusty, Trusty Tractor. Great book according to my 2 year old son! I have to agree with him but probably our reasons differ -- he loves the colorful, fun pictures of tractors, a small boy and his grandfather's farm. The story is not his main draw yet although it does keep him listening. I love the idea presented by the author that an old tractor has value and is maybe even worth more than a newer piece of farm equipment. It's one of those stories with a moral that doesn't scream &quot;Important! Moral Ahead!&quot
Seminal work on the state of Native America. This book is the cornerstone of my library on contemporary Native America.  As a Quinault-Cowlitz woman who has struggled with maintaining her identity in a world hungry for John Wayne's Indians with feathers, I found  this work a profound relief from most of what is available.  Jaimes is the  editor of Ward Churchill's best book to date: Fantasies of the Master Race.   Here she shows an even greater expertise in bringing together some of the  most profound and prominent feminist voices in the contemporary pro-Indian  movement
A very useful crowd pleaser. I found this in a used bookstore a few years ago. Recognizing Moosewood as something my mom and oldest sister used, plus loving all kinds of ethnic food, I figured I'd love it. I was right. This book totally changed how and what I cook. While many people focus on one type of cuisine (Italian, Indian, fast food...) I use this book and cook EVERYTHING -- Italian, Indian, Chinese, Jewish, Bulgarian, North African. My favorite and most often used recipes are Shepherd's Pie (British Isles), Moroccan Stew (North Africa), and Vegetable Biryani (India) but I've made a lot of these recipes. I made Chinese last night and it turned out tasting restaurant quality. The recipes are very tasty and the directions are great. It's also wonderful how the book has base ingredients (sauces), appetizers, soups, entrees and deserts for each type of cuisine so you can make complete meals (often there are suggestions in the recipes saying waht goes with what). The ingredient guide is very descriptive and helps you learn a lot about the herbs, vegetables, different tofu prepations. I highly recommend this to anyone who doesn't eat a lots of (or any) meat and wants to be able to cook ethnic food w/o having to worry about meat
We LOVE this book!. Call me crazy...but I like this version better than the original.  I think it flows much more nicely and my daughter (2 years old) can say it along with me.  Shame on you who don't like it because it isn't the "original" version.  Sometimes toddlers need a shorter version (and sometimes that version might even be better!)All I can say is that we love it
Very gripping, as usual. Bill Meyers has a way of tearing back the veil and showing readers the things that are going on all around us which we can't see. I thought this book started out slowly, but it built up to an exciting conclusion. I wish he'd write more like it
Draw a bubble bath for this book.... I have never written a review before but always read them before I buy a product.I started reading this book during spare moments at work and by the end of my shift I had to race home to finish it!  Which I am glad because as a typical Sparks novel, it's a tear-jerker.  Yes the story is a little predictable but what story isn't?  If you love sappy stories you won't be disappointed.
a hard pill to swallow. Wow, what a read! Lots of info, LOTS of info. (my head hurts). I started reading this almost completly out of obligation (after all it's the big one, the one all the stories to come come from, the grand illustrious potentate of DC comics, ect). Aside from the several sittings it took me to get through, it was, after all the fat is cut away, a good story. It was a needed story, and less of a fun tale but an endurance test. Word of advice, take notes. It does get confusing but by the end Earth 1,2,3,X, and Prime all become realatively understandable (sort of). I wouldn't suggest this to a casual reader. To a hardcore fan, a must (but chances are, they already read it)
Great little gift for anyone. I gave this as a gift to a friend who has grown up all over the world and has a very ecletic taste in cuisine.  He loves the cookbook and finds a lot of the recipes authentic and easy to make.  It's a great gift
Enthralling Speculation!. "Will In The World" draws the reader into the fascinating world of William Shakespeare.  Drawing on the scanty information known about the Bard, author Stephen Greenblatt constructs the skeleton of a biography on which to anchor his book.  He then proceeds to flesh out his work with inferences from things known about Shakespeare's world as well as insights from his work.  Much of this work is speculation, but Oh, such enthralling speculation!  We will never know whether characters and events in his plays reflectShakespeare's own life and thought, but they make for fascinating thinking.  Greenblatt presents his theories as to Shakespeare's religion, relationships with his wife, other playwrights and several individuals known or suspected to have crossed his paths.  From time to time the reader must remind himself that much of this book may or may not be true, but then set aside his admonitions and go on enjoying it!This book is a great read for anyone with an interest in Shakespeare or the daily and cultural life of Elizabethan England.
Wonderful poems. This books is a favorite of mine and memorable since childhood. The poems are sweet and the drawings are beautiful and made with love. A feel good book for adults and children that is simple and to the heart
Bass essentials. Having not studied classically, the JS Bach book has helped my technique enormously and I can already see and feel improvements from playing the pieces.  Enjoyable and interesting studies to play.  Definitely a must buy for all bassists whatever style.  Guaranteed fast results...lets see what my jazz colleagues think of my solo pieces now! Go buy it now
Enlightening, yet funny. More than one person has referred to Stark as the David Letterman of legal writing instructors.  He advances the notion, also advanced by Bryan Garner and for many years by James Raymond, of clear and (hard as it is for a lawyer to do) interesting writing.  The several series of commandments at the beginning chapter beginnings enable you to keep the main ideas in your mind.  The book is a good combination of instructional manual and a quick briefing paper.  All lawyers should read and embrace Stark's notions.  I only wish he had not emphasized winning as the goal, but I suppose that what his publisher needed to get someone to buy the book
A useful, although painful, reference. Based on documents first available in 1998 when the Vatican opened the archives of the Holy Office of the Inquisition, Kertzer challenges the conclusions of the March 16, 1998 report commissioned by Pope John II (We Remember: A Reflection on the Shoah) wherein the Church absolves itself of any responsibility for the slaughter of millions of Jews during World War II. While admitting Jews had for centuries been discriminated against and used for scapegoats, and that Christian teachings had on occasion been misinterpreted to encourage this behavior, the  report concluded this "older history" was largely overcome after 1800. Kertzer cites a seemingly endless litany of Vatican documents after 1800 that seriously challenge the veracity of this statement.Indeed, there were Popes sympathetic to the Jews, who discouraged their mistreatment, but ironically, they ruled centuries before 1800; for example, Gregory IX , Innocent IV, Alexander VII, and Clement IV. In 1247 for example, Pope Innocent IV issued an encyclical defending Jews from the ridiculous and surreal charge of Blood Libel, noting that Jewish law forbade consumption of blood. In 1872, the Church reminded its congregation that both popes Innocent IV and Clement IX had cleared Jews of the Blood Libel.Nevertheless, on July 26, 1889 when Father Henri Desportes sent Pope Leo XIII copies of his book (The Mystery of the Blood Among the Jews) reasserting the Blood Libel, Cardinal Rampolla replied "His Holiness greatly appreciated your filial offering and he has asked me to thank you for it in His name." When Desportes sent the Vatican his next book, Killed by the Jews, Rampolla thanked him for it, adding "I placed one copy in the venerable hands of the Holy Father, and am happy to inform you that His Holiness received your filial gift with gratitude, and that from the bottom of his heart he sends you his Apostolic Benediction."Worse perhaps is the 1911 case of Mendel Beilis, a Jew charged with ritual murder of a boy at a Jewish-owned factory in Kiev. To counter the Blood Libel charge, on October 17, 1913, Lord Rothchild asked the Vatican Secretary of State to verify the authenticity of Innocent IV's encyclical. Cardinal Merry del Val replied "there can be no doubt of the accuracy" of Innocent IV's encyclical. Although the Cardinal's letter was not admitted into evidence by the Russian court, Beilis was acquitted. Nevertheless, Unit cattolica and other Vatican newspapers dismissed del Val's letter, saying it was "far from denying the existence of the Rite in question." In other words, if the Vatican does not specifically say "Ritual murder is a falsehood. Jews do not drink the blood of Christians," Church authorities can continue believing this absurd and surreal lie.(In a July 13, 2005 letter to Los Angeles Cardinal Roger Mahony asking the Vatican's position on the Blood Libel, the response from his Executive Coordinator, Eileen Bonaduce, was "[The Cardinal] did not, however, have any commentary to offer.")That is the point of Ketzer's book: While the Church can maintain it never endorsed rounding up Jewish men, women, and children, starving and holding them captive as slaves and experimental animals before murdering them in the millions, it created a climate - almost, a rationale - for the Holocaust. On May 16, 1895, before the papal nuncio, in the largest hall in Vienna, Karl Lueger  and others from Austria's Christian Social party "pledged their allegiance to the Pope, to Church doctrine, and to the Church hierarchy in Austria." Lueger - who Hitler cited in Mein Kampf as one of his greatest antisemitic influences - then spoke, denouncing the Jews as threats to Austrian society. They were parasites to be driven out of Austria. Afterwards, the papal nuncio, Monsignor Antonio Agliardi, wrote Cardinal Rampolla "The Catholics sentiments are naturally ... in favor of the Christian Social party."If the Church did not pull the trigger, it provided the gun, the bullets, and the training. The Nazis did not invent the ghetto. It was only after the French Revolution and Napoleon's conquest of Rome in 1809 that Jews were emancipated. On becoming Pope in 1823, Leo XII ordered the Jews back into the ghettos. When the Jews were again freed in 1848 after revolts that ended the papal states, Pope Pius IX again repressed the Jews in 1850. Particularly shameful is that Pius IX promised to rescind his orders if the Rothchilds lent him money, but he reneged on both promises.The Jews were released again on September 20, 1870 when Rome was declared the Italian capital. A year later Pius IX told a Catholic women's group "We have today in Rome unfortunately too many of these dogs [Jews], and we hear them barking in all the streets, and going around molesting people everywhere." The Jesuit biweekly Civilt cattolica became the Vatican's mouthpiece, advocating "special laws" to bring the Jews back in line, restoring order. In the midst of the Dreyfus trial (1894), papal nuncio Archbishop Benedetto Lorenzellli told a French diplomat, "The Jewish danger is universal, it threatens all of Christianity ... and all means necessary should be used to crush it."I was left with the disquieting feeling that had I been a Nazi, I could have said "We did nothing that hadn't been done or considered elsewhere. We only did it better."Beyond its goal to set forth the Vatican's record, The Popes Against the Jews is also a useful history of antisemitism; how we create groups of people to revile. For example, the ghetto - keeping Jews away from other people - not only makes them easy prey, but encourages suspicions of secret rituals, and conspiracies. It makes it easy to view Jews as less than human; or as Pius IX said, as barking dogs. But there were other humiliations and mistreatments Jews were forced to endure at the hands of Christians: forced baptisms, sumptuary laws, forced sermons, and the like.These are all the little roots that nourish and bind antisemitism tightly. It's how we make an Other to kill at night. A half century ago it was the Jews. Who's next
After 200 years, Shelley's still got it!. If you haven't seen gimmicky Frankenstein paraphanelia strewn about every grocery store in sight then you've been living under a rock.  Nearly everyone living in the western world is familiar with this story, at least in a Halloween movie, lame costume sort of way.  Yet behind the commercial gimmicks is a genuinely human and insightful story.  Ever since I've read the book(and I've read it several times) Frankenstein has kept its spot one of my favorite books of all time.In case you've been living under a rock: a gifted Swiss doctor named Victor Frankenstein creates a creature from corpses, hoping to prove that he can give life to dead matter.  He succeeds in giving it the spark of life but is horrified when the thing(which is never named), awakes and reaches out for him like a child reaching out for its father.  Frankenstein abandons the creature and flees, leaving the creature to its own devices.  The resulting storyline follows the creature's desire for revenge on his creator, and Frankenstein's attempts to atone for what he's done.  The creature, ridiculed for its horrific appearance, exacts revenge by slowly murdering those that Frankenstein holds dear.I started Frankenstein expecting a difficult read and was surprised by the ease of the passages.  For a book written almost two hundred years ago this book is surprisingly easy to understand for the modern reader. Like Dumas's writing, the focus is on the admittedly awesome story, not the intricacies of the writing itself(though these are definitely there, they flow into your mind at an almost subconscious level).The sheer breadth of the issues it brings up merit reading it.  Issues surrounding human hubris, the role of man as creator, and the appropriateness of man using science to play as God.  That's only a short list.  But thought-provoking themes aside, this is a good book.  The strength of Shelley's prose lies in her characterization of the monster; though you see the havoc it wreaks, you cannot help but feel a sort of aching pity for the thing.  She presents the struggle between Frankenstein and his creation as a genuine moral dilemma, handling each side with genuine sympathy.  If you get this book, I hope you'll like it as much as I have.
Amazing Book. This is one of the best books that I have ever read.  Ms. Haye takes you through a journey of letting go, moving on, and actaully taking responsibility for the life you are proactive in and creating.  Truly, "You Can Heal Your Life" is like therapy.  You learn to be patient with yourself and you learn to forgive yourself and the people who might have not been so thoughtful and caring in the past.  This book goes very slowly and very subtly the reader finds himself emerging from all the regrets and bitterness of past.  Everything makes sense, so it's not always easy to accept what Ms. Hayes is saying.  In many ways, it is like therapy.  The truth is that we are all responsible for our happiness right in the here and now.  "You Can Heal You Life" is truly an amazing book.  It will change your life if you give it a chance.  I strongly recommend this book
One of the most practical approaches to becoming an actor. This book is an essential to any actor who wants to truly understand that acting is living. His approach is so simple yet so rare. A true work of art for the artist
Can't get enough of books like this!. The book I read before this one was Rosalind McKnight's Soul Journeys which I loved.  Imagine my surprise when I picked up Paul Elder's book, Eyes of an Angel, and found myself right back at The Monroe Institute for more Astral Travel!   I feel that I learned a lot from this book and it really piqued my interest about Out of Body Experiences, etc.  Paul Elder is very honest with his account and I was surprised when he kept admitting his skepticism.  He literally had to be hit over the head with proof!!
The Crime is Clear: The Punishment Less Clear: The Motivation  Least Clear. Those who read CRIME AND PUNISHMENT by Dostoevsky often approach it thinking that it is standard detective story, sort of a Russian Sherlock Holmes. What they discover almost from the first is that the identity of the criminal is revealed, so this is not a novel of suspense or of a brilliant police detective. The focus they further learn is not on the "crime" of the title, nor is is very much on the "punishment" either. Instead, in the endless self-rationalizations of the murderer-protagonist Raskolnikov, they learn Dostoevski squarely places dramatic interest on an uneasy stasis between Raskolnikov's motive for the killing of two women and his need to suffer as atonement for those killings.In order to draw the reader into the mind and plot, Dostoevski needed to ensure the primacy of his theme of the need for obsessive suffering. He accomplishes this by centering the story on the murder of the two women. Everything in the story either leads up to or follows it. The reader quickly learns a great deal of information so that by the end of the first few chapters, he has placed himself in the shoes and the mind of Raskolnikov. Ironically, although Raskolnikov tells the reader that his motivation was no more than to see if he could place himself so godlike above the law that he not fear the consequences of that law, the reader learns, slowly and painfully as does Raskolnikov, that the real motivation is not what he tells himself so bluntly. Does Raskolnikov kill for the money? To eliminate what he sees as social parasites that society would benefit from in their removal? Or can there be other reasons, hidden even from him? Complicating his constant self-examination as to motive lay Dostoevski himself. As a writer, Dostoevski was concerned for the salvation of the Russian soul, one that he saw as threatened by a western reliance on rational pragmatism that, in criminal matters in any case, required a convincing and single rationale that could totally explain and explicate any crime. Such an approach might work in Western democracies, but the Russian soul needed a call for order and justice that transcended logic and reason. This call was historically rooted in "rodina," an almost mystical love for the Russian motherland. And for one to gain this heightened sense of unity with Russian soil and Russian values, one had to suffer to expiate crime. Thus the need for Raskolnikov not only to suffer, but first he had to earn the right to suffer. The crime is then seen as less important than the punishment, both of which are ultimately weighed as still less important than any needed suffering. When Raskolnikov can endure no further suffering, he confesses, and his confession is proper expiation for his crime. His punishment of a lengthy prison term in Siberia is almost anti-climactic. He will emerge from prison a man who has learned that the act of sin can lead  the way to redemption for that sin but only if one pays the price before the jury returns with a verdict. In CRIME AND PUNISHMENT, Dostoevski makes this point as starkly as anyone else has.
This is THE book!. amazing writing. Amazing contents. If you want to feel better and be healthier while understanding (or at least starting to understand) the meaning of life, get his book NOW
Great book. As a real live "American Sailor" I really enjoyed this book. Traven must have sailed as amercahnt marine to have written a book so close to ship life. It was funny and sad at the same time. I take this book with me when I go to work and read once in my four month trip.
Riemann's Zeta Function. A vey good synthesis of the state of the art at graduare level
Wonderful. Communism used to have footholds everywhere, and the KGP was the true puppet master.  However the KGBs rivals included other deviant forms of communism, heresies if you will, such as China, Albania and Yugoslavia.  China tried to penetrate Africa in the 1970s, bankrolling revolutions and dictatorships, Cuba was also deeply involved in Angola(to the tune of 30,000 troops) and in Ethiopia.  Russia had a toehold in Vietnam, but China was weary of the Vietnamese attempt to overrun Laos and Cambodia in 1975.  In South America different strains of communism helped lead to the death of Che Guevara.  The war in central America was about Communism and the KGB infiltrated the governments of the Middle east. Khrushchev was the orginal architect of the turn to the third world, realziing that even reactionary third world dictators could be courted through money to help fight America.  It was the opposite of the Stalin policty of viewing everyone as the enemy who was not proclaiming friendship.This excellent book looks at the KGB's role in africa though newly declassified documents and access to other hitherto unpublished files.  We see many funny apsects of the KGBs role and learn many new things about the extent of the penetration.A fascinating book.Seth J. Frantzma
Electrical Engineering Student Review. While the book contains useful information, a great deal of it is available online in various places, though it is a good all inclusive reference. I think it will come in handy in the future as well as for the finer details of my Design for Manufacturability course. At times the content can be a bit dry, but that's to be expected from about any textbook.I think that the section on B&D for Robotics is outdated and no longer "true" with todays technology. But if you're not using it for robotics reference, it seems that the material is fairly time inclusive. (Meaning that for certain types of manufacturing, the processes have remained mostly the same over time and most likely will not alter too far in the near future.)I hope this was clear enough to help someone decide if they should use this textbook or not
Excellent book for every parent and teacher. As a parent, I found the answers I needed in this book to help my children. My son was told he would never get his driver's permit because of a vision problem. But this book helped me solve this and he now has his permit and is driving us all around town. My daughter had 20/20 eyesight, but didn't like to read for pleasure. The Reading Inventory in this book told me "why" and what to do about it. I highly recommend Pat Wyman's book to every parent and teacher I know.[...
So Helpful. I am the co-owner of  a  growing software supply company. As you may have guessed, my business does not leave much time for  private time, much less time for spirtual reflection.  However, I attended a business conference  and was recommmended this book.  I can not stress enough how helpful it has  been.  My life feels fufilled - it is now &quot;connected.&quot; I no  longer feel as if  I am leading two lives: one at the office,and one at  home.  I would recommend The Congruent Life to anyone who feels that their  business leaves them cold
My husband loves to cook with Giuliano's books!. We love Giuliano's new book How to Cook Italian! A few years ago we bought Every Night Italian and were ready for some new and exciting options from Giuliano and we got it with this new collection of gems! The recipes were easy to follow and the explanations for each next step were so helpful. My husband loves to cook with Giuliana's books and it was fun for the whole family to join in the kitchen! Thanks for another wonderful book
A solid historic book. This is one of the rare historic books reflecting the Armenia-Azerbaijan conflict from both sides. It is reach in historic and political facts, and also reflects the author's own eyewitness of the war.Also in this book, Mr. Goltz makes it clear in the book his unfriendly relations with Azerbaijani government, and criticizes the structure of the gorevnment, and it's adiministration which lead to series of strategic mistakes.
Catch an Avalanche of Bob Marley. Bob Marley is a giant in the world of music and "Catch a Fire" is the best available biography on the late reggae singer. Author Timothy White knew Marley and his associates well and he has assembled many interesting facts about the musical artist in this excellent book.Besides the music, White covers details about Marley's personal life and his relationships with his family members. Most fans already know about wife Rita and their children- especially David "Ziggy" Marley who has made a name for himself as a reggae artist in his own right. But little is known about Marley's father and his other close relatives. White lets it all hang out in this book, explaining the quarrels, the arguments, and the special problems Marley faced with his family and his early life growing up in Kingston, Jamaica.Talking about Marley's life is the main theme of this book, but there is also a good deal of history. You learn all about the political history of Jamaica, the various leaders of the island nation, and Marley's political views and associations with them. Everyone knows that Marley's music was influenced heavily by the living conditions in his native land, and this book provides a solid background on the political situation that Marley considered so important.The writing in this book is a little different. Instead of translating the words to make it easier to follow, the author chose to use the same words that are common in Jamaican speaking. Jamaicans speak English, but they tend to shorten words and they don't like to pronounce the "th" sound. Thus, words like "them" and "that" are changed to "dem" and "dat". These words are the ones used in the book whenever someone from Jamaica is quoted. I like reading the actual words, but I know that some readers will be annoyed by this.This book is exhaustive, and White deserves credit for updating it every few years to keep it current. Even though Marley died in 1982, his music still sells well all over the world and there have been endless battles for rights to his estate; rights to publish his music; and other legal issues. Besides the legal battles, there are still controversies over Marley's death and the attempt on his life back in 1976. Many people suspect that the U.S. government was behind the assassination attempt, but no definitive proof exists one way or the other. White includes, at the end of the book, excerpts from court testimonies he has given about these and other important issues.This book is personal and concise, and it will thrill fans of the late singer as well as music fans in general. White deserves much credit for assembling together so much data and so many facts about this musical giant known as Bob Marley. The book is the best one available about the late singer and activist from the Caribbean region and it's a must for Marley fans everywhere.
Born Confused. In this moving and wonderful novel, Born Confused by Tanuja Desai Hidier, the reader is introduced to a suspenseful story of a young girl of seventeen, Dimple Lala, an Indian girl who is going through a hard time as she faces the world of adolescence. Dimple Lala is a shy outspoken girl from New Jersey who has a love for photography stronger then her love of her culture. This coming-of- age story tells the reader of how Dimple Lala faces troubles with her family, culture, friends, and even boys. Dimple Lala has never truly understood the reasons of her Indian culture's traditions and why she can't just be a normal girl like her best friend, an American, Gwyn Sexton. In this novel, Dimple also faces harder challenges as her parents try to arrange her marriage with their idea of a suitable boy, Karsh Kapoor, making it harder for Dimple as she faces boy troubles already, without the help of Karsh. To make matters worse, her first meeting with Karsh didn't turn out very well. Her troubles arise as she soon finds out that her best friend starts to fall for Karsh, at the same time she does. Dimple Lala goes through difficult events as she tries to accept everything in her life while still trying to grow into an adult as she leaves her teenage ways behind. This novel was an amazing novel that I'll never forget. This novel keeps the reader interested and keeps them in suspense, never letting them put this book down. Teens from any cultures will be able to relate to this character's challenges. Born Confused will teach all who read this novel a lesson about life, your first love and finding yourself, your culture, and your friends all in the process as you grow older
An Early Sci-Fi Classic. Edgar Rice Burroughs, well-known as the creator of "Tarzan," was also a pioneer in the realm of science fiction. "A Princess of Mars" was originally written in serial form in 1912. The story is painted in broad strokes, with generous helpings of adventure, combat, and romance. The writing and dialogue sound quaint and stilted to modern ears, and the plot tends to meander. Borroughs' science may strike us today as a bit silly, but for 1912 it's very creative and imaginative. The detailed portrait of Martian society is fascinating."A Princess of Mars" is a classic, and science fiction fans will enjoy it both for its curiosity quotient and its entertainment value
Great book about the truth of Islam... Liberals and Muslims usual whining and lies aside, this is a great an honest view of the brutal ideology of Muhammed's Islam....spot on....we are in WW 3 and have been for 1400 years with Islam....this book only points out the reason why Muslims the world over are fomenting hate and murder from the Phillipines to Algeria and all points in between!!The only caveat I would say is that the best books I have found on Islam aside from this one is books by Ex Muslims....they have an insiders knowledge of Islam that cannot be beat....otherwise full kudos to this book!
The Best Poetry Volume I Own. The works these selections are drawn from are out of print. That is a terrible shame, because this collection is stellar. The poems are infused with wisdom, wit, and life. If this were a just world, Dobyns would be heralded as a genius
I thought it was a witty, insightful political novel. I thoroughly enjoyed this, the first Jim Lehrer novel I've read.  I found it to be a witty, insightful probe into the complicated inner sanctum of our nation's capital.  The two main characters were quite realistic, both  with foibles and strengths.  I particularly enjoyed the details regarding  restaurants and hotels and such, being a frequent visitor (and soon to be  resident) of the fabulous amalgam that is Washington.  Although I felt that  the subplot of the fish hatchery scheme was a stretch, it did contribute to  the conclusion in an interesting way.  I would recommend this to anyone who  enjoys political thrillers with a satiristic subtext--plus, I read it in 2  evenings! I'll certainly read more of Lehrer's earlier offerings
To Live a Scoundrel, To Die a Hero. This is my favorite book by Gemmell for one reason and one reason only. Oh, I know that it doesn't have the epic scope of the earlier Rigante books, and that it was obviously set up for a sequel, but I'm going to make my earlier reviews into lies by saying that I enjoyed this book more than I enjoyed Legend. This book cannot be denied for me though, because Jaime came through so strong.I have never read a character with more heart than Jaime. This dirty brawler had a code of honor that struck to his core, and was as pure of heart as the wealthier rulers were well-washed of skin. His relationship to the dark and deadly Huntsekker was a thing of bittersweet beauty, as only the opposition between two heroic men who should have been friends can be. His refusal to admit his love for Kaelin Ring's aunt, his fears for Kaelin, his grit in the face of approaching death for the sake of honor in the ring, all set him head and shoulders above these same attitudes that we are used to finding in the usual clichd, fair-skinned, decoratively scarred, long-haired knights-of-the-round-table rippoffs.Jaime was a little more real than the heroes I've become accustomed to find in fantasy novels these days. He was a little dirtier, a little more pigheaded, and he was a little bit smarter for all his big dumb ways than most people would suspect. I've found people that I could compare to older versions of Jaime in southern short-order restaurants, and, if you keep a truly open mind, you can find a beauty to their character that you won't find in any activist, idealist, or politician.Jaime was a beautiful character, and his death shook me harder than when I was four and, for the first time, watched Old Yeller' get shot. All I could say was that Gemmell had done it again. He took a flat piece of paper and made you feel like you just lost your best friend, but in a way that would make you want to do it all over again. Twisted but wonderful.Gemmell, you write my heroes.
Wild and not-so-wild women. Not all the women in this book are wild, some aren't wild at all, but all the brief essays about them are interesting and amusing.  Many of the women are already well-known, many more are not well-known at all.  It is fascinating to read about all the president's wives with their very different personalities and attitudes to being in the White House.  My absolute favourite is Mamie Eisenhower, who refused to bestir herself about anything and said &quot;all women over fifty should stay in bed till noon.&quot;  I only have three years to go, hooray!  Truly a woman after my own heart. I was a bit taken aback though when Cher's romance at forty with a twenty-two-year old boy is referred to as a December-May romance.  Come, come, Ms. Stephens, forty is scarcely December.  September at the latest
Memories. It was a fovorite of our children. I purchased it for our grandchildren.A great book for children
COMPULSIVE!. This is master storyteller SIDNEY SHELDON at his best!  The plot is breath-taking.  The characters are rich and well described.  Unputdownable.  Finished the book in 2 day
Regarding (Post?)Modern Black Males. Two African-American, female journalists, the Natalies, discuss current topics related to African-American males.  Oftentimes, I think journalists don't make quality booklength works.  I am glad these writers overcame that trend.  They cover a wide range of topics from boys' education, strippers, gay men, entrepreneurialism, inter alia.  Because of the East Coast-West Coast rap rivalry, many Americans, across racial identities, forget that many Blacks live in the Midwest.  Black Chicagoans made house music and Black Detroiters made techno, for example.  This book is heavily Midwest-focused, and I appreciated that novelty, especially as a Black person from the region.This book is much stronger than Cose's "Envy of the World" or Dawsey's "Living to Tell About It."  You may want to read it alongside strong works such as Neal's "New Black Man."  This was published by Cleis Press.  I am impressed how that press is including more than Susie Bright fans recently.I learned some interesting things from this book.  For example, the Natalies say that upper-class Black men marry as rarely as poor Black males.  I love that the authors call out Jawanza Kunjufu on his homophobic writings.  Still, the journalists come to no conclusion and this may frustrate many.  For example, do they think Detroit's Mayor Kilpatrick is a bad or good politician?  Do they think strippers are victims of abuse or women with much agency and business skills?  Also, some chapters felt too internal, as if they were talking to themselves, rather than about topics that others would find interesting.Two chapters, one on strippers and one on adolescent girls, troubled the ideas of Black masculinity.  On the one hand, these chapters can be seen as anti-essentialist.  As women's studies departments become gender studies departments, space is being made to discuss males and this book reflects that.  This may prove, again, how much males and females need each other.  On the other hand, some may say the writers are going off-topic.  These female-dominant chapters may suggest the writers were running out of topics or had to go to women in order to discuss Black males.The authors spoke in Chicago in November of last year and I regret not hearing their talk deeply.  I recommend this book for many readers, across age and gender categories
Are you on the bus?. Tom Wolfe has a very large head, containing (I imagine) a very large brain, and here he puts it to good use, chronicling the Hippie Messiah, Ken Kesey, as he guided the nascent hippie movement from psychedelic inception to co-optation. Wolfe writes in the typical Wolfian way, with plenty of obscure vocabulary, and endless clauses. Kesey is an interesting figure, and the period of time covered by Wolfe is fascinating (albeit started in media res). Particulary interesting is the coolness between Kesey and pointy-heads Timothy Leary and Rammed Ass, upon their intersection at Millbrook. Kesey had something going, something novel and unique. Of course, it was based solely on drugs, and Kesey tried, and failed, to surmount that. The world moved on, and the original spirit of the Pranksters dissipated. But it was a helluva ride while it lasted. Read five pages of the book. If you like it, keep going; if you don't, there's always The Da Vinci Code
A real heartwarmer. My MIL gave this to me as a gift, and it's fantastic! While in some ways it's advertising for Macomber's novels, the theme gives it a true "Knit Along" feel. Patterns are written in plain English, with a wide variety of skill levels; a section in the back offers basic techniques, reference charts, and illustrations for those who need a little help. The print and illustrations are large, and there are big, beautiful photographs and bold color sprinkled throughout.I do appreciate that each yarn type is included, but what I love most is *how* it's included: there's a reference inside the back cover for the exact brands, colors, and amounts of yarn used in each project photo. Within the pattern itself, you're simply provided yarn weight, amount needed, and color suggestions (when needed). I really enjoyed having this information kept separate!I'm planning to start with the First Steps Baby Blanket (a cute eyelet pattern), translate the Vera's Scarf pattern into a lacy shawl, and see what happens from there
Great book. The Johnstown Flood is a powerful work of historical writing that brings us to a time and place far removed from our present world.  Johnstown was an isolated city, built and populated by working class people.  Some got rich from local steel mills, but most remained solid working class.  The population came from many places - especially Europe.  However, all people seemed to work together for the betterment of their own lives.  Then a major flood occurs that defies all boundaries between people, leaving both the rich and the poor devastated.  Outsiders were blamed for the destruction, yet rebuilding started immediately thanks to donations from average people both in the United States and in Europe.Wait a minute - this sounds eerily familiar.  Can we say World Trade Center?  Can we say New Orleans (Katrina)?  Can we say Miami (Andrew)?  Can we say...This is the power of this book.  It describes a disaster that was tied to time and place and yet it is very relevant to the way that we still deal with disasters today.  The more things change the more they stay the same.The Johnstown Flood is very well written.  David McCullough's books are always very engaging, and this one is no exception.  It is a real page turner and well worth reading.
good! but not excellent. In this book nita and kit have to save dairine from getting in to much trouble w/ the lone power you see dairine has become a wizard and kit and nita have to save her before its too late! i ebjoyed this book but not as much as the others before. it seemws to me that dairine is way to smart! and the book never fully setteled the fact that nita likes kit ? do they eventually realize their feelings for each other? wut is the definition of "like"? kit seems to light on the subject . all in all i thought the book was great and im already on the 4th one                                                hopefully further books will answer my questions
A fine introduction, but... This is a good, basic introduction to the history of math, but its promise of engaging philosophical issues falls short.  It's not until Chapter XII that Kline really engages the philsophy of mathematics, but then attempts to cover a lot of ground in a short span, and the distinctions and groupings Kline forms of different thinkers' conceptions of mathematics leads to strange bedfellows; particularly Kline's claim that Wittgenstein is basically a mathematical empiricist and yet believes that mathematics is a human creation.  To my mind there's an inherent contradiction there.  Most bothersome, however is the almost entire lack of proper footnotes.  Some of the most interesting quotes will be difficult (if not impossible) to find b/c Kline only tells us the author of the quote and oftentimes doesn't even include the author in the bibliography!  In particular I'm thinking of a fascinating quote from Evariste Galois - Kline gives no indication of where I can find it!  Still, I have to give this book a 4 just b/c it's a good introduction that reads rather quickly
Cool!. When Mary Anne sees a picture of a haircut, she goes to the parlor to cut her hair. But the BSC don't pay much attention to it. Mary Anne thinks the BSC will be surprised with her new look. But what a mistake. Somethingf went wrong
LOVED IT!. I loved this story!  I am from a large Italian family and I thorougly enjoyed the picture that was portrayed in this book.  I could picture the city and the small Italian restaurant.  I could also almost taste the food.  I thought the plot was excellent and the characters were well painted.  I wished that the person who was the arsonist was a little more difficult to guess.  It was the most obvious.  But, I highly recommend the book...you could almost smell the smoke!!!!!!!!!!!!
Great book for the beginner and connoiseur!!. Absolutely loved this book.  I like to make my own sushi and this book is simply amazing.  Excellent photos with very detailed instructions.I especially like the section with all the different types of fish and how to cut each one
The best how-to book on storytelling. I have been through a number of the most popular books on corporate storytelling, and this is by far the most useful of them. While they all contain a number of case studies, this book goes one step further and actually provides the reader with clear step-by-step guidelines on how to start using storytelling within your own organisation. Budtz, Fog and Yakaboylu evidently have a lot of real-world experience with their subject matter
One of the best. I have more than 2,000 cookbooks (I'm a cookbook editor), and only three of them stay in the kitchen; this is one (and the only one I didn't work on). I've had this book for about three years. It's stained and splotched, there's breading in the binding--ample evidence that every recipe I've tried (probably two-thirds of the book) not only tastes great but WORKS. The sauces and toppings are all richly flavored yet easy. The techniques are simple and thoroughly explained. Best of all, though, is the author's tone. Fish can be tricky, and Leslie Revsin gives enough detail so you know, for example, that it's okay if the fillets curl when you turn them over. I love this book (and so does my husband)
Actually, not dated so much at all. I agree with the other reviewers as to the depth of Hofstadter's scholarship in this seminal work. However, in light of George W. Bush's disdain for government careerists, and John Ashcroft's Patriot Act-mentality threatening to reduplicate the 1950s, this book actually isn't that dated. Rather, it could be considered prophetic
Amazing!. Defently one of the best books I've ever read.  It contains 12 different stories that are happy, sad, and some were downright scary
Love the Bathroom Readers!. They're all great, pack crammed full of mostly useless information!  Great Buy
Buy the book. I didn't think it possible to like Alan Alda more than I already did. It's a great book. Give it a read.  You won't want to put it down
Atmospheric Amazing. Enigmatic and sublime. This stark noirish nightmare is as good as they get. Baer makes what almost could be called a surrealist hardboiled novel. Without lossing control of the narrative, Baer does a superb job crossing the border between naturalist crime writing and heady phantasmagoria. Phineas Poe is one of the most interesting, beguiling anti-heros within the noir genre, a tight lipped drugged out sam spade caught up in a underground world of would be vampires
Excellent book for any eCommerce professional. The book is full of real-world examples and the content would make it an excellent text book for a class on eCommerce or ebXML in any University.  However, it was written with a personal flair that makes it very readable and easy to follow and understand. It will continue to be a valued reference book in my eCommerce library for years to come as it hits on subjects that are relevant for today and tomorrow, as well as giving a good historical perspective of EDI and other standards for business messaging
Excellent book. This is an excellent book for any person in the construction industry. For a civil engineer involved in estimate, it is a must
Great books for Peanuts fans. My 8 1/2 year old son is a HUGE Peanuts fan and I suggested these books as a gift idea.  What a great gift!  He reads them again and again and shares his favorites.  It is great to see Peanuts comics enjoyed by a child 56 years after they were written!  I read the books when he is finished and enjoy them just as much
Good plot, written well & it all comes together. I find myself preferring the JP Beaumont over the Joanna Brady series by Jance. This book is a perfect reason why. The character is much more developed, JP's attitudes are much more entertaining, the novels clearly better written. This is actually 2 murder mysteries under one cover. The book moves back & forth between the two and does it well. Each mystery comes together well at the end. JP finds himself with a new female partner & possibly a new interest? The last page leaves that thought entertainingly hanging
Speak. I read the book "Speak" by Laurie Halse Anderson. Basicly the book is about a girl who is completly ignored in school because she called the cops during a end of the summer bash all the seniors were having. They all think she did this because she was scared but it was actually a bigger reason. Also in the mean time Melinda is also struggling to make friends.My favorite part of the book is when Melinda and "it" are in the janitors closet and Melinda fights him off. I like this part because Melinda has to figure out a sneaky way to get him off. Also because the door is locked it makes it much harder.I recommend this book. I recommend it because it's a very good book and it keeps you wondering why she called the police. It never gives you a straight answer until the end and as she makes more friends you wonder why they ever left.
This is a good study aid for students of Steinbeck. Many literary reviews and criticisms are so technical they are almostunapproachable, but Owen's analysis of The Grapes of Wrath is accessible, clear, andprovides many useful bibliographical resources.  Stolen from many university libraries, it is so useful.  Buy your own; let the library keep its copy
Unique portrait of grief. Subtitled: New Understandings of LossStriking a tone that is neither clinical nor maudlin, author Tom Ellis does a good job of explaining grief in his book, This Thing Called Grief. With factual information about the grieving process, poetry and some personal examples of individuals and families taking this journey, Ellis draws the reader in without bringing them down.As a grief counselor myself, I know that when people are deep in the grieving process they are highly sensitive. Using this awareness Ellis has fashioned a book that sketches individual profiles without resorting to graphic descriptions that might be painful to readers.With one of the main components of grief being an inability to concentrate for extended periods, Ellis has also shown his sensitivity to readers by writing a book less than one hundred pages long. The author gives enough information to be helpful without giving so much that it feels either overwhelming or discouraging. While the book in itself is short, Ellis has compiled an amazingly comprehensive list of resources for the reader that includes many books not only addressing grief and loss, but trauma and miscarriage, as well as books for children dealing with these same issues.However, two factors set this book apart. The first is that while many books see grief as a burdensome part of life meant to be endured, This Thing Called Grief paints a portrait of grief that includes coming out on the other side of grief and being transformed and healed by the process. Although hope is in scarce supply during periods of grief, Ellis presents this view so gently it's bound to be gratefully received by many readers.The second factor is that this book gives the reader permission to feel what they feel no matter what loss they are suffering. In our American culture, where you bury your father on Tuesday and are expected to be back at work and over it on Wednesday, this message is good news indeed.Armchair Interviews says: A good book to give to someone grieving, even if you just gift yourself
Science with a Heart. Beautifully written, Medical Marvels is more than a thought provoking compendium of important medical advances.  It is a commentary on the greatest medical discovery of all, the art of HEALING.  The authors' subtext is that healing is at risk of becoming a lost art in our modern medical maze of health care where doctors are reduced to "providers" and those in need of healing.. the patients... are reduced to the status of "customers". Dr. Srauss's deep regard for both the science and the humanity at the heart of medicine is what makes this book shine.
PURE PLEASURE!!. Since they repackaged two from this series under the title of Harmony, I got these out and decided to reread them, and found I enjoyed them more the second time around.  This is JAK writing as the Jayne Castle she saves for her paranormal tales, and it's her best writing of late.  I have been a wee tad disappointed in her last several hardbacks, especially in her Amanda Quicks (her historical romance name).  She seems to have polished her diamond too much and lost some of the spontaneity that was her trademark.  But in Amaryllis, Zinnia and Orchid (and later with After Dark and After Glow) the off-world of Harmony antics show JAK at her top form.  These books original received mixed reviews from fans, not completely used to JAK's paranormals.  I often see the complaint JAK is a great writer, but the books are too patterned.  It's in her Jayne Castle works where is her most original, yet her fans were initially resistant to the paranormal theme.  Now the paranormal market has caught up with her, and is so hot, these are getting better reviews.  So if you missed the Harmony tales, don't hesitate to seek them out.In this off world tale, Amaryllis Lark is a private detective, but she is also a prism. In the Earth Colony of Harmony, people evolved with two supernatural talents: either they were a prism or a psychic.  The prisms serve to increase the power of the psychics by channeling their powers through them, amplifying it and keeping it stable.  Even the strongest of psychics needs a prism, for without them they cannot control and maintain their powers for long periods.Lucas Trent, the founder of Lodestar, hires Amaryllis for her prism talents.  He is an off the chart psychic who need the talent of a prism of his level.  A psychic and a prism have to be matched.  They are rated 1-10 levels and if a psychic is stronger than a prism, the prism can experience burn-out.  There are few prisms who can handle Lucas Trent's strong psychic abilities, so he is delighted to discover Amaryllis can handle whatever power he channels through her.Lucas is concerned one of his Lodestone employees is selling corporate information to his competition.  He, originally, hired Amaryllis to help catch the industrial spy, and to use her talents as a prism to help his focus his psychic talent to trap the  spy.  But soon they are involved in a murder mystery.  In this case, opposites do attract, and Lucas and Amaryllis sizzle, their attraction amplified by the psy-power between them.  However, Amaryllis is undergoing the rigors of a matchmaking service.  All solid marriages on Harmony are founded on this service.  While she is falling in love with Lucas, she fears it will only be an affair.  Lucas has other plans and is not about to let his true match slip through his fingers.In order to foil nasty corporate to-dos, they are forced to join talents...and more!  A super, brilliant work from the fine craft of JAK, without the narrow POV (point of view) being voiced on writers today.  Simply magic!
Gotta Knit It. The only problem you'll have with this book is trying to decide which of these adorable outfits to knit first!  Each one is cuter than the next.  There are patterns for infants and toddlers, both girls and boys.  Some  look simple while others will be quite a fun challenge.  If you want to  knit something with class for your child, get this book
Understanding Prayer. This is an excellent book explaining the context of the High Holidays. The thinking worshiper will certainly benefit from reading and studying this small volume. It should be read with machzor in hand and deserves serious contemplation
Charming and memorable. I purchased the audio CDs for Cold Sassy Tree and found myself making excuses to drive around so I could find out what happened next in this turn of the century Georgia town. The narrator's voice, pacing, and accent were just captivating and really brought these quirky characters to life. I loved all the players in this novel and all the twists and turns. Will Tweedy, Rucker Blakesly, and Miss Love will surely find their way into your heart as you hear their individual and interwoven stories and the story of Cold Sassy in general. You will find yourself feeling oddly nostalgic for this town. Wonderful.
equal parts smart and hot. i loved Try because it encompasses both the world of the heart and libido and the world of work and solitude in ways that feel really authentic to me and that connected me with places and situations totally new to me. Burana writes so convincingly of the desire for another person and desire for our own inspiration and energy for work and the self-focus that demands - those are both totally real to me and she totally makes the dynamic work in Daryl's narration.And so I totally trusted and was captivated by everything else - the rodeo scenes, straight and gay, the working with horses, the bar scenes, the weather: Try spills over with detail that makes it hum with life.And here's why to read it and love it - not only beautifully written with authentic characters and vivid situations, but totally and completely hot on the relationship front. Hot, hot, hot
A good update on Carr's `What is History?'. I would recommend this book to anyone interested in keeping up-to-date with the development of History as a discipline in last few decades. The book will never generate academic shockwaves on the scale of E. H. Carr's `What is History?', but it nonetheless gathers together and presents effectively the insights of today's experts on various sub-fields within the discipline.The book begins with a general introduction by Richard Evans (author of `In Defence of History') on `What is History? - Now', followed by chapters by other historians discussing Social, Political, Religious, Cultural, Gender, Intellectual and Imperial History. The discussions are on the whole balanced, well-argued and served up in manageable chapter portions. I found the book extremely helpful as a historiographical overview both as a history undergraduate and graduate student.
Jean-Luc does Dickens. My family has listened to this recording every year since we bought it in 1998. My kids grew up with it, know most of it by heart and don't consider it Christmas unless they've heard it.  Patrick Stewart is incredible as he performs the voices of all the characters, plus many of the sound effects. If you hear this recording and are not enthralled by it, I would have to question your sense of wonder or your appreciation for a magnificent performance and an enchanting story. Beautiful
Actually written by people who have done it and know what they're talking about. This book is split into 3 logical sections: architectural concepts, organizational aspects and real world case studies. Every other book on SOA I have seen completely ignores those last two areas while in the concepts section they often tend to freely mix architectural with implementation issues - usually equating SOA to Web Services. The authors of this book clearly understand that the technologies and standards employed to implement an SOA are clearly independent of the general underlying architectural principles. As such, you get a good crisp discussion of SOA issues such as data integrity, granularity etc. without getting caught up in the limitations and language of specific standards. That said, I do hope they release a second revision of this book that discusses how these architectural principles can be realized with specific standards. Around the area of metadata and policy for example it is true that the standards are indeed pushing the boundaries of what an SOA can and should do. Of course this would add another 150+ pages to the book but would be very worthwhile. In summary, this is very much a book about best practices for SOA today based on a wealth of hands on experience and as such I would absolutely recommend it as the first book to read on the subject
A Great Book For People Who Want to Promote Positive Change. As a manager in the corporate world, I found this book extremely helpful in planning ethics training for my organization.  This book is outstanding for managers, professors and employees who want to promote positive change.  I found the &quot;Moral Mentors&quot; material to be especially useful.  That material (in Chapter Five) is a perfect antidote to employees who may be tempted to feel victimized by poisonous corporate cultures.  The &quot;moral mentors&quot; material teaches managers and employees to ask themselves, &quot;How can I make a difference?&quot;  This book lets managers and employees know what steps to take to make a difference.  It also provides practical steps for individuals faced with ethical dilemmas at work.  I was inspired by the book and recommend it highly
Whither Europe?. Christ said you will know the works of something by its fruits. And the fruits of Islam?: suicide bombers, subjugation of women, female genital mutilation, enslavement, be-heading of non-Muslims, hostility to any philosophy outside of that taught by the Koran, no music, no arts, etc, etc.....Western civilization has lost its way; lost its religion; lost its desire to reproduce; lost its confidence; lost its belief in its superiority. The writing is on the wall. As Trifkovic writes: "If that loss is not reversed, the game is over anyway - proving yet again that where God retreats, Allah advances.
Exhaustively researched, crisply written, judicious. Of the many literary biographies I've read, only Peter Ackroyd's &quot;Dickens&quot; seems to me as &quot;definitive&quot; as Ms. Lee's terrifically compelling book. One finishes it with the sense, however illusory (see Janet Malcolm's extraordinary &quot;The Silent Woman&quot; for a convincing argument that it must be), that the Virginia Woolf found in its pages is essentially identical to the actual woman who lived and wrote and died. Anyone with even a slight interest in her must consider this book essential reading. I found it a real page-turner throughout its considerable length despite being unconvinced of Woolf's literary eminence (except for her sparkling correspondence) and finding her character unattractive (i.e. snobbish, frigid, a false friend, etc.) even by the usual standard for writers
Back to the Basics. Among the many church growth specialists who want us to rethink the purpose of the church, the many theologians who want us to rethink the purpose of the Christian life, and the many Christian activists who want us to rethink Christians' relationship with American culture, this book stands alone.  It brings us back to the basics:  Our purpose as Christians is to live out and cultivate the fruit of the Spirit, a task which (the author is careful to tell us) only God can do, but which we can help or hinder.  If you want to know why it's hard to have love, joy, peace, patience, etc.; if you want to know what things in your culture might be blocking these fruit; and if you want to know what a normal Christian church can do about it, read this book.  The book, while more insightful than how-to, should give enough hints for practical Christians to start changing our Christian communities into places where the fruit of the Spirit is not just a memory verse, but a way of life
The King of Fright. I got this book a long time ago.  I have read it twice.  Both times I've had to sleep with the lights on for days afterwards.  Not since Vincent Price and Alfred Hitchcock has there been a more talented Master of Fright.  I have been terrified of this man since childhood.  Each story in this book will have you hiding under the covers.  This man has talent to spare.  I think you should read this book.  Just make sure you have fresh bulbs in your light fixtures, you'll need them to ward off the demons Stephen is sure to unleash.
A MUST READ FOR WOULD-BE CARS SALESPEOPLE. This is the blood and guts of the business!!! It gives would-be salespeople a great idea of how they would have to "mutate" so as to be an effective car sales professional.AND it also gives would-be car buyers a great peep-hole into the business so as to differentiate between having the wool over their eyes and/or having a B-52 dive bomb them with a load of sheep!!
talented writer. I don't know what it is about this book that I loved so much.  Maybe it's just that Chaon is such a masterful writer that whatever he writes about is a pleasure to read.  I found the prose enjoyable and full of insights; the characters real and engaging, troubled but sympathetic.  I read it straight through from beginning to end, unable to put it down.Looking forward to reading more from this talented writer.
A really wonderful book. I enjoyed this book immensely. It gave me insight into the psyche of a young man growing up in one of the darkest times in US history. It gave me a feel for the freedom of young adulthood. It sparked my interest in visiting foreign lands and the author brilliantly painted beautiful pictures with his words. It taught me a great deal about life too. Much wisdom and entertainment can be garnered through reading this. I highly recommend it.
Easy recipes, simple cooking, good humor. I actually read this book after college when I was still on a budget. The recipes are basic, the ingredients are cheap and they taste great. For the budget non-gourmet who is short on time, but doesn't want to be short on taste, this book is perfect. Before I got this book, I mostly ate top ramen and could never follow a recipe. This book makes it easy to cook. I think this book is a perfect gift for college students. Especially if their parents don't want them eating spaghetti and top ramen every night. I also think anyone who likes quick meals with little cost would love this book as well. Also, the author has a very good sense of humor
2nd edition suggestions ???. This is a great book and deserves 5 stars.Something I didn't see mentioned is how recording technology affected Jazz.It seems to me that it affected Jazz a great deal. When electrical recordings becames available instead of acoustical recordings, the bass replaced the tuba among other changes as far as I know. Also, vinyl records went from 78 to 45 to 33 rpm. This had a great impact as well. Sure, Bean was overpowering with his 3 minute solos in the 30's but then Coltrane went on with much longer solos that wouldn't have fit on 1 side of a 45 rpm. Does anybody else but I think that maybe hard bop for example wouldn't have taken off if the longer solos couldn't have been recorded?This is my only suggestion for the 2nd edition! Aside from that, this book is quite remarkable. I can't think of how the author stitched all the pieces together (unless he wrote it in 1 stride!). It seemed quite seamless
Good, and uncensored... Well, what can I say... If you're a Ghost in the Shell fan, and you don't like getting your mangas censored (as in, entire pages removed), then get this edition of the Ghost in the Shell manga. It's much easier to follow when compared to the second manga (man machine interface) - which actually has very little to do with the first one. I'm not going to go over the story as I'm sure most of you who are looking at this item have seen either the movie or the TV series, and now wish to read the original work. So I thought I'd be a little more technical with my review, firstly, I would say that the paper is awesome quality, not the standard dull paper which is normally used for paperbacks, in terms of color pages, unfortunately, that's where the second manga kills the first, the second manga had so much in color (about half) it was almost hard to believe, this manga is for the most part just black and white with the occasional 3 color pages thrown in here and there. I've given this 4 stars because I think it is not as enjoyable as some of the other mangas I have read, but overall, not a bad purchase, do note that the drawing style is quite old, don't expect the same style as the second manga as that is much newer than this one
Error shockingly missed by the editors. Just a brief comment on a glaring error that I was amazed found its way past the editors. At one point, protagonist Kinsey Millhone makes a phone call and is answered by a receptionist who asks, "Who shall I say is calling?". Grafton mentions how Millhone is often annoyed by this grammatical error, thinking it should be 'Whom shall I say is calling?'. Ironically, the receptionist is correct. 'Who' is correct, not 'whom' because the pronoun it stands for is not the object of 'say'. The quickest way to see this is to consider a possible answer to the question with a pronoun that inflects--the answer would be 'I shall say she is calling' not 'I shall say her is calling'. While yes, it could be argued that Grafton wanted to characterize her protagonist as being fussy yet misguided about proper speech, somehow I find it very difficult to believe that the error is not Grafton's own
India by Radhika Jha. For those who collect "coffee table" books, as well as those who have a genuine facination of India, this book is a treasure. The majority of the photos are close ups of people, rather than just the usual landscapes or buildings. The book effective captures a wide range of expression of the many states of this vast country. I felt that it was a very personal book, and offered a delightful viewpoint of the color and beauty that is India. On a different esthetic, I would warn you that this is a large book, almost capable of being a coffee table itself! At 15 by 12 and weighing in excess of 10 lbs, it is not very wieldy for the arthritic or or infirm
walking down memory lane. i loved this book. a great way to bring back old memories of my youth.  it was hard to think of something that wasn't in the book.  i'm ordering a couple of the books as gifts for childhood friends.
Aboriginal Art - Howard Morphy. This beautiful reference book is full of beautiful photography of aboriginal art and Howard Morphy has researched this subject in great depth having lived with tribes in Arnhem Land.  A great resource for those studying for degrees in Anthropology and Art History
Excellent Resource. I purchased this book while at Bob Jones University. It covers a wide selection of topics that are used all the time. I have continualy come to this for explaining different aspects of Christian Theology to others. This book covers topics such as: The Bible being the Word of God, Angels, Satan, Demons, Sin, Jesus, Salvation, The Holy Spirit and much more. It goes into depth on many interesting subjects that both believer and non-believers have alike such as "problematic passages".This book is a library itself, containing many references of scripture to back it's content up. This is a great tool to own.-Christian Fobian, Author of Why Christ
Here I go again...defending the underdog... I'll make this short and sweet (like the book)...Lots of gore, sex and violence with a fairly original plot device...What more can a gorehound ask for? Its not a thought-provoking sociopolitical drama/thriller to be sure, but is that what anyone who reads Laymon is looking for?I wouldn't shell out big bucks for it, but its worth 7$. It's a nice, bloody romp in the park
A great gorilla!. When my son was born, two of our friends independently decided that the best way to buy him a baby gift was to take their young daughters to a book store and let them choose books they thought he would like.  This was the only one they both selected.  Our son is still in the "I licked the corner and it was good" stage of book appreciation, but I've enjoyed reading it to him.  The pictures are colorful and interesting, with lots to point out to a small child.  And the storyline is surprisingly gentle, with the gorilla leading a parade of zoo animals to the zookeeper's home where they all curl up around his bedroom for sleep.  It's easy to see how this one made it onto the favorites list
Finder Is Quickly Emerging As a Major Player. Who has never wished for a higher paying job, a nicer home, more enjoyable or challenging or rewarding work? Wishing for something just a little nicer than what we already have is, unfortunately, part of human nature. Starting in the Garden of Eden, humans have been willing to do virtually anything to obtain something just out of reach. Joseph Finder's novel Paranoia explores what can happen when all of those wishes suddenly come true.The opening lines of the novel sum up the experience of the book's narrator, Adam Cassidy: "Until the whole thing happened, I never believed the old line about how you should be careful what you wish for, because you might get it. I believe it now." Just like the biblical Adam, Adam Cassidy wishes for something he doesn't yet have--and, like the biblical Adam, he gets it. And then he realizes that obtaining the object of his desire isn't quite so wonderful after all.Adam Cassidy has a relatively low-level computer job at Wyatt Telecom, a major tech corporation. He goes faithfully to work every day, but what he really works at is doing as much of nothing as possible without getting caught doing it. He has an ongoing competition with a buddy to see who can do less work and still be paid for it. He's stuck in the classic workplace dilemma: he wants a better job and a better life, but he doesn't want to work for it, and even if he did, he wouldn't be sure how to start.Then one day all that changes. Adam pulls a little computer prank to reallocate company funds for an unauthorized retirement party for a departing coworker. When his "harmless" embezzlement stunt is discovered by Corporate Security, Adam suddenly finds himself in more trouble than he could have imagined. Facing not only immediate termination but a lawsuit and possible criminal charges for his actions, Adam is forced into making the choice of his life: go to prison for white-collar crime, or infiltrate rival tech company Trion Systems and become a corporate spy. To Adam, the choice is clear.For a while everything works great. Adam's handlers spend weeks training him, teaching him how to look for just right kind of information, and giving him insider information he'll need to shine at Trion. They supply him with an impressive, albeit fabricated, work history, and before he knows it, he has been hired at Trion in a mid-level technical consulting position. The pay is pretty good, and he actually kind of likes his new job. Then, acting on a tip from his trainers at Wyatt, Adam catches the eye of Trion's CEO. Within days, Trion's founder appoints Adam as Assistant to the CEO and doubles his salary. Now Adam has a company-funded Porche, a company-funded luxury apartment, and more money than he knows what to do with. Most important, he's now in a position to supply his old employer with as much sensitive information as they could ask for.There's only one problem: Adam begins to care about his new boss and his new company. When he decides he's finished spying for Wyatt and tries to cut off communication, he learns that his enemies are more powerful than he realized. And when he begins to smell trouble at Trion, he finds himself looking over his shoulder as he does his best to maintain a professional faade. Soon he doesn't know whom to trust. As his world begins crashing down around him, he learns that nothing is quite as it seems and no one is above suspicion. In the end, although all his wishes have come true, being on top of the world means only that it's a long, long way down.Paranoia is a well-written story about what can happen when ambition outruns moral obligation and common decency in the race for corporate excellence. In today's fast-paced world of corporate fraud, mutual fund scandals, and multimillionaire CEOs heading off to prison, Joseph Finder's message is more apropos than ever. With solid character development, quick-moving dialog, and hair-raising close calls, Finder draws on his own intelligence background to weave a gripping and believable tale of corporate espionage.Finder's writing appeals to readers in part because his characters struggle with many of the same issues we all face. Paranoia is written in first-person, with the result that Adam Cassidy tells his own story in a way that allows readers to join him firsthand as he wades through questions about his life that all of us have asked at one time or another. When Adam struggles with his actions and their potential consequences, his motives, his relationships, his failures, and his success, readers can point to similar issues in their own lives and identify with the storyteller. The emotion surrounding Adam's relationship with his dying father is particularly well done.His relationship with his girlfriend is rather less impressively presented. Finder writes from a purely secular perspective, and his treatment of romantic relationships goes only a little way past physical attraction. Though some of Adam's inner struggles regarding his fallacious relationship with a female Trion employee display some depth, Paranoia contains enough sexual content to warrant caution on the part of Christian readers. Occasional lapses into sophomoric humor (the descriptor "bodacious ta-tas" is an example) do nothing to help the literary quality of Finder's work.The story's closing twist, while not precisely predictable, is less than stunning and seems weaker than the rest of the book would suggest it should be. Ironically, the ending would be less disappointing if the events leading up to the climax were not quite as well written. On the whole, therefore, Paranoia is an excellently enjoyable read.Finder's grasp of what readers find enticing makes Paranoia an addicting book. The author's skill, combined with the formidable marketing push surrounding the novel's release, promise to make the book a success. All signs point to a long writing career ahead for Joseph Finder, and assuming that he will continue to enthrall readers with good characters and believable story elements, his future in fiction looks very bright
" ISAAC'S   STORM  ". NOT MUCH TO ADD TO THE GREAT REVIEWS I HAVE READ HERE SINCE READING THIS BOOK MYSELF . IF YOU ARE INTRIGUED OR JUST INTERESTED IN MAN AGAINS THE ELEMENTS ( and losing ) THIS IS ONE MORE TO ADD TO YOUR READING MUSTS .ERIK LARSON DID A SPLENDID JOB IN COMBINING NOT JUST THE STORM OF 1900 BUT, MAKING NOTE OF OTHER STORMS AND EVENTS AROUND THAT TIME.  ALSO HIS ABILITY TO MAKE YOU HAVE THE SENSATION OF ALSO FEELING WHAT SOME OF THE LUCKY SURVIVORS MUST HAVE BEEN GOING THRU AND HAVE WRITTEN ABOUT .MR. LARSON HAS DONE HIS HOMEWORK. RARE WHEN I SAY " OUTSTANDING JOB " , ABOUT ANY WRITTEN WORK ON HERE . BUT..." OUTSTANDING JOB , MR. LARSON " , SIMPLY OUTSTANDING.BY THE WAY, IF YOU LIKE THE MORE GROSS SIDE OF HUMAN NATURE, I SUGGEST YOU PICK UP MR. LARSON'S " DEVIL IN THE WHITE CITY " . RECOUNTS A SERIAL KILLER OF THE MOST GRUESOME  KIND DURING THE  " CHICAGO'S " 1893  WORLD'S FAIR .
Helpful. I found this book to be helpful both in a classroom setting and in my own devotional time.  It opened the Psalms up in a new way.  I've even used it as a source when preparing teaching material
A short overview of history's greatest evil. Elie Wiesel is the writer who more than any other made the world aware of the Holocaust. He through the years has been a voice of remembrance for the victims, a voice of integrity and courage, a witness of what is  the greatest example of Man's inhumanity to Man known in human history. For the Holocaust was the deliberate effort of Nazi Germany, a people sitting in the center of Europpean civilization to wholly destroy, man, woman and child the entire Jewish people. One third of the Jewish people was murdered in the years 1939-1945, and the greatest share of European Jewry destroyed.Now in this work Elie Wiesel presents a small historical over-view of the Shoah, and accompanies this with testimonies of others who passed through this world of nightmare.It is a short moving volume, another work of invaluable testimony
2ND BEST BOOK - AFTER THE HOLY BIBLE !. i spent the entire summer of 2006 starting in about may thru till november reading the left behind series in its entirety from the rapture book onwards. (i already read the rising and regime previously).i finished glorious appearing on november 18th. i read other reviews on this book saying bad things about it and i have come to 2 conclusions:A. the people that gave bad reviews ARE NOT BORN AGAIN CHRISTIANS but unbelievers who have no spiritual clue as to what the book is all about -thus their erroneous reviews on the  book !B. the bad reviewers are born again Christians but they cant accept the fact that Jesus will return again to the earth and sentence to hell all those who take the mark of the beast (antichrist) !these type of Christians want to believe in a jesus that fits their mentality - however it is not the Jesus of the bible - THE TRUE AND COMING KING!having said all that. let me tell you i was so blessed by God reading the whole left behind series during the summer. if you ever want to understand the book of revelation,reading the series is one of the best ways to do that. the authors have done a fantastic job weaving futureevents and a storyline together. dont believe all the bad reviews!those bad reviewers couldnt find a good Christian book even if i gave them a flashlight!this book predicts what will happen in the battle of armaggedon - the antichrist and devil lose! and Jesus and his army wins! to win - one must confess Jesus Christ as Lord and Savior , and NOT TAKE THE MARK OF THE BEAST - IN THE NEAR AND/OR FAR FUTURE!  that is the whole premise of the book - which side will you choose?  will you be a winner or a loser?God bless you - JESUS LOVES YOU - JOHN 3:16AL
Raw Street Literature with a Slight Twist. Joy put it down in these 2 novella' based on Ghetto Love with a Spiritual Enlightenment. Both ladies, Baby Girl McCoy & Harlem Jones learn that God has a way of making us pay for our discretion's and sins in his own way & time. However they both accept the consequences that they face and are truly humbled in the end. I enjoyed both stories so much I read the entire book in one night. Joy even though you want be writing Street Literature any longer I am sure I will enjoy your Christian based novels just as I have all of your other work. You know how to reach all readers with your gift to write.
An amazing life. One Of A Kind is truly an amazing book about an amazing life.On one of my trips to Las Vegas I was at Binion's with a friend my last night in town, and he pointed to Stu Ungar's framed picture on the wall alongside all the other big poker players, and explained to me that 'that kid' was one of the best players ever.  The next morning on my way to the airport to catch my flight home, I happened to see 'One Of A Kind' with Stuey's picture on the cover at a store, and remembering what my friend had told me, bought it. Although I had planned on catching some sleep on the plane, I ended up reading the book for two and a half hours solid, and didn't want to land.Stu Ungar was truly born to gamble.  He was born the son of a bookie.  After his father's death, he ended up being sort of adopted by a kindly mobster who recognized (and shared) his mental gift.  And what an amazing gift he had, Stu Ungar had a mind for cards like Bobby Fischer did for chess.  He could read and count cards effortlessly.  And poker wasn't even his main game, Gin was.  As a teenager Stuey had destroyed every major Gin player on the East coast, and then as a young adult he did the same thing in Las Vegas, to the point where no one wanted to play him.  Turning to poker as a sort of backup game, he ended up dominating.  His multiple World Series of Poker wins undeniably prove that he was the greatest poker player (heck, the greatest card player) of all time.This book not only does a good job of telling all the great Stu Ungar gambling stories, but also shows what a kind and generous personality Stuey had.  Although he was ruthless at the card table, he was also a kind and generous person who loved his wife, daughter, and step-son very much.  The book also does a good job of showing how Stuey's many friends in the poker community tried so hard to help him.  Although many of them deserve mention, Mike Sexton stood out especially as someone who wanted very much to do whatever he could to help his friend get back on track.  One truly sad thing about Stuey's untimely death is that his best poker days were probably ahead of him; he died in 1998, right at the time when 'Rounders' was released and poker exploded in popularity.  I have no doubt that if Ungar had lived longer he would have become a huge legend, with an endless supply of people begging to play (and lose) to him.
Goes beyond playing notes!. This is a book I have read several times over, highlighted important text and applied to my everyday practicing.  It is a excellent read on how to  play beyond notes - touch and feel
The funniest book I've ever read - and useful too!. This is Franken's masterpiece.  Every single sentence is funny.  Of all his books, this is the best
Galloway's Book on Running. It's a very good book for beginners and advanced runners. It's easy to understand and friendly for reading. I'm so happy with this very complete running book.
Marlowe sings with the lilting curve of an angel's wing. Marlowe is in a tough spot.  A hulking behemoth who murders some folks and loves others is on the prowl, and Marlowe sets out to unravel a twisted tale of crookery.  Fatal debs seem to assault him from every angle, and Marlowe is beaten, drugged and abused mercilessly, but somehow he never gives up and keeps doggedly pursuing the truth about corruption and death in Los Angeles.Chandler's use of language is brilliant as always, and the plot is somewhat difficult to follow, but really, with Chander at work, who needs plot?  The book is beautiful and the prose is blossoming with unusual and evocative images.  Chander ranks as one of the great American masters of prose.Read this and weep..
Another Elizabeth Berg Triumph. I normally cringe when I read "Read by the Author" on the front of a book on cassette because so many of them have no idea how to read out loud. Elizabeth Berg is a clear exception. She not only presents us with clearly delineated characters, each of them vocally fits the emotional description written by Ms. Berg. Listening to the story is a delight.The story itself is a triumph. Each character is endearing and embued with the Berg warmth. Paige is remarkably optimistic, Diana is properly rebellious, and Peacie is tolerantly loving. As I am listening, I am seeing them all in my mind and I'm happy that they have come into my life for a few delightful hours.
Deserves a wide audience. I found out about this book through the bibliography of a parenting book I enjoyed. I almost did not buy it, because I needed no further convincing that corporal punishment was a bad idea. But I decided to buy it anyway, to better help me understand how the way I raised might have influenced the way I think -- I'd identified some connections, but suspected I hadn't found them all. I was right.Greven pursues the connections between violence against children and depression, dissociation and apocalyptic thinking (all of which resonated with me). And he describes many others as well. Learning the beginnings of these problems does not necessarily solve them entirely, but it helps a lot.Everyone in our society could benefit from reading this book. It provides a powerful argument against an all too common parenting tactic. It sheds light onto how corporal punishment has far-reaching emotional and psychological effects. And perhaps most important of all, it shows a strong connection between the apocalyptic thinking characteristic of evangelical Christians and the corporal punishment so many of them believe crucial to raising children
Sure to become tattered. Whenever I think of the books of my childhood, MIKE MULLIGAN AND HIS STEAM SHOVEL comes to mind. Somehow, it's images haunt me to this day. It's a children's classic, and I requested my mother read it to me until it was tattered. I was glad to discover it's still in print. Mine was lost forty years ago. I hope every child gets a chance to meet Mike and Mary Ann
A Real Treat To Read!!!. I have just finised reading this excellent book and would urgeothers to peruse this earnest, thoughtful, caring and sometimes heartbreaking journal of growing up and becoming a man. The freshness and uniqueness of the author's experience offers warmth and encouragement to the rest of us. Thank you!!!
A Life Less Ordinary. As I live my life, going from one task to another, there is a part of my brain that yearns for more, something a little closer to the edge of my comfort zone.  I received "Metal Cowboy" as a gift a few years ago and there it was, the life less ordinary that always seemed to escape me!  Joe Kurmaskie tells wonderful stories about true humanity and the good that exists in this world.  Sure, I only get to experience a slice of this life on long weekend rides and the last full week in July on RAGBRAI, but the Metal Cowboy makes me hopeful for the future
4 snaps!  LOL!. I had to give this book four snaps!  I loved it!  I was first introduced to this book after reading and falling in love with Hot Tamara by the talented Mary Castillo.  One of the writers of Friday night chicas.  I did my research on the title as I always do before I purchase any book.  I found out that they were 4 stories & 4 writers. More bang for my buck.  LOL! I read the excerpt and liked was I saw.  I went out and got it, read it and love it!  I recommend this book to any one who would like to escape the monotony of the real world and add some spicy latin flava to their life
Legal & Regulatory Environment of Business. Great Book. Better than the other Legal Business books. Great cases. Easy to read and understand. Great for Business law. Other books are more about law instead of business law, Not this book. You be the Judge DVD-Rom is great similation of legal business situations. Book is great for learning Business Law
Great book!. I got this book from the library and decided I just had to own it!  I love the parenting solutions outlined here and they have really made a difference with our strong-willed 3 1/2 year old.  I've seen some complaints in other reviews about the religious undertones, but really there's only a quote from scripture at the start of each chapter (and you don't have to read them).  Other than that, there was only one religious example/reference in the entire book.
Great analytical tool!. Beyond the great examples and readable style, this book practically condenses information taught in statistical and data analysis courses ... and presents it in an extremely useful and readable way.  So practical!  This is a must read for people serious about improving their direct mail program.  I am constantly getting mail and wondering &quot;what were they thinking when they put this together?&quot;  This book will help you avoid some of those pitfalls
Do you want information or clients? This book gives one, leads to the other. I purchased all of the VA books available and this is the only one you really need.* The marketing section is phenomenal.* The tone is smart yet compassionate.* The information is easy to follow.* The proof is in the pudding!While I found the other books somewhat informative, I found clients with the tools provided in the 2-Second Commute.I zeroed in on my target market and wrote a Strategic Marketing Plan according to the template in the book.Given a choice between the kind of information that fills only my head, and information that also fills my bank account, I much prefer the latter and this book has done that for me.Hoping there will be regular updates so I can continue to soak up all the details!Darla M.
A Solid Gold Hit by Greg and Tim. An Avid Disney LP Collector, I've Been Anxiously Awaiting "Mouse Tracks" since News Came These Two Exceptional People and Disney LP Fans, Ehrbar & Hollis, were Writing It. "Mouse Tracks" is Filled w/Fascinating Information Leaving You Begging for More (I'm Hoping Follow-up Letters will lead to a Sequel).  "Mouse Tracks" is a Wonderful Tribute to Many Who Contributed To the Tracks We Enjoy So Much. I Highly Recommend you Buy and Read this Book. It Will Deeply Enhance Your Enjoyment of The Disney Legacy.  Thank you Greg and Tim for writing it.  Sincerely, Tom SLC, UT
Re-read this to re-live the year 2000 and all its quirks. I always trust Dave Barry to provide me with some quality laughs, and this book does not disappoint.  He covers the 2000 presidental campaigns and conventions, the Florida election counting debacle, the winter Olympics in Salt Lake City, and a bunch of regular weekly columns from that time period.Barry concludes with two amazing columns about September 11th.  These are stunning.  When I was searching for reading material/commentary in those days immediately post-9/11, I wish I had found these columns.  His ability to write to Americans in the face of tragedy proves his true depth and talent as a columnist.  (Yes, he actually writes about moore than just boogers.
Great guide for parents. In preparing my son for sixth grade, I needed to have a basis for what he may be learning. This book gives an overall picture of what I need to concentrate on. Many books I found emphasized only math or reading. This book breaks down each topic (Social Studies, Language Arts, Fine Arts, Math, Natural Science) into chapters and makes it easy for me to follow. I liked the exerpts of classic books such as &quot;The Diary of Anne Frank&quot;, and classic poems so that I can expose my son to many different things without overwhelming him over the summer. This is more of a guide for parents and teachers than it is  a simple text for kids so parents really need to be involved
Day Trading Hot Stocks Short Term. This book is good for the long term investor but it could use a few practical strategies for those interested in realistic short term profits.When investing short term one needs to realize that the stock market can present us with a lot of hot stocks every day.Most of them may seem promising, but the truth is that a good number of these trading & investing opportunities might not be as profitable as one might think. That's why it's very important to know how to choose them especially if you plan to take advantage of them on a daily or weekly basis.One site that I recommend is MomentumStockPick com. They have a pretty clear way for trading hot stocks with momentum using easy to understand strategies. This is also a place where you can learn why knowing how to manage the stock rally is critical to your success
Best  Book Ever Made. I thought this book was awesome.If you want to read this book you should first read The City of Ember. It has alot of suspenseful moments.
A help in times of trouble. Fran Caffey Sandin has done a wonderful job of putting together very important short pieces to address the things that plague Christians and non-Christians alike, and each different piece gives hope in the Lord for each different difficult scenario.After reading I sent the book on to a young man who is a family friend.  His brother just committed suicide and this will help him to know that others have had to deal with the same issues he is with regards to his loss.Way to go Fran et al!
First-class professional exposition plus deep philosophy. This is a review of the edition of 1965 which appeared in Russian (1967)  in my translation. The book contains a thorough exposition of Einstein's  special relativity, with a discussion of historical, philosophical and  psychological issues. David Bohm's clear and professional style, as well as  many deep and original ideas make this book an outstanding course of this  important chapter of theoretical physics, being of great value not only for  students, but also for both actively working specialists in physics and  philosophy of science, and even for serious laymen. I especially recommend  the Chapter 25 (Falsificability of theories) as an excellent food for  thought
Heck of a Book. James Herriot is a remarkable author.  He proves this once again in the last of his set of novels, The Lord God Made Them All.  In it Herriot tells us maore heartwarming tales of his life as a Yorkshire veterinarian.  He writes very down to earth, which allows readers to relate to his stories very well.  Especially in this book. 	Herriot not only writes about his experiences as a vet , but about becoming a father, and experiences he  has while his children are young.  An old client of Herriot once tells him, "Aye, there's no doubt about it, when your children are young and growin' up around ye- that's when it's best.  It's the same for everybody, only a lot o'folk don't know it and a lot find out when it's too late."(369) 	James also writes about his voyage to Russia on a freighter with a bunch of pedigree sheep.  And his journey to Istanbul which was supposed to be luxurous and relaxing.  Needless to say, it was far from that.  Nevertheless, as in all his stories, Herriot is able to turn them around to make us laugh and fill us with wisdom. 	After reading the book, I have aquired a better apprecition of life, and high hopes for the future.  You can't help but think that way when he ends the book with the words, "....there are great days ahead!
A (re)visioning of the Fifties. At least in my historical imagination, the 1950s tend to stand out as an extremely stereotyped decade. It reads as the triumph of the (imagined, and demographically limited) white, middle-class, suburban family of extremely confirmative values. David Serlin's Replaceable You is a fine contribution to 1950s socio-cultural studies; it subtly and meaningfully drawing out stories that focus roughly on the fifteen years from 1945 until the end of the 1950s. It fleshes out an array of interesting issues from this period which leaves the historiographical face of this period in a more complex and exciting state than popular imagination (mine included) would normally have it. Moreover, these stories provide gripping and accessible entrance points to larger issues of the era, but without forfeiting either the integrity of the personal stories nor reducing them to merely their historical context. While all the stories involve 'working' on the body in some form (from hormones to prosthetics), David Serlin manages to become neither too scientific nor too specific in his writing (he does not burden the reader with an endless technical vocabulary; instead he deftly crosses issues ranging from race, gender (masculinity, femininity, and stuff inbetween), sexuality, economic location, all the way to architecture. If nothing else and, perhaps, most importantly, David Serlin's book is accessible, readable, and, most laudably, human
Another wow!. I always like Sylvia's books or CD's. This one is a nice one too. Lots of information in a nice chronological and organized way!!! Loved it!!
Welcome to my nightmare. Forever Will You Suffer by Gary Frank is a deeply personal kind of horror story that gets inside the head and heart of the characters.  I heard the author speak on a panel discussion in North Jersey and thought he was bright and insightful and finally tracked down his book.  It was worth the hunt.  An excellent first novel
It is not for nothing Blake called him the Divine Milton. Milton is justly acclaimed as one of the greatest of all poets in the English language.  His work has inspired many great artists in poetry, literature, religious exegesis, painting, sculpture, music, and drama.  There is a reason William Blake, himself a great poet, called him the Divine Milton.This great volume brings together all of Milton's poetry at a very affordable price.  It is a volume you will want to have on your shelf and spend many hours reading and re-reading.  You will find his language easy to read, but to pull the meaning out of the words will require close attention.  There are many great works in this volume, but half of the volume consists of three major works: "Paradise Lost" (a favorite for so many for the past three centuries), "Paradise Regained", and "Samson Agonistes".  People were most passionate about these poems when religion was more a part of daily life and was present in all aspects of our culture.  Even today, critics as sophisticated as Harold Bloom find the Satan of "Paradise Lost" one of the great literary achievements of all time.Reading these fabulous stories as poems energizes the appetite for more epic poetry.  That is a great additional reward after receiving the gift of Milton's powerful images and beautiful language.
More Florida Post-Conviction History:. First an introduction: From 1986 - 1992 I was employed as an investigator at the Office of Capital Collateral Representative (CCR) in Tallahassee, Florida, where Scharlette Holdman worked as the supervisor of the investigators from October 1985 - March 1988.I have known Scharlette since the mid-1970s death penalty debates at Florida State University, including the debate between Professor Richard L. Rubenstein (author of "After Auschwitz", "My Brother Paul", "The Cunning of History: Mass Death and the American Future", "The Age of Triage", "Religion and Eros", and other books) vs. Baptist Minister and Philosopher Will Campbell (the debate was circa 1977).Her office, the Clearinghouse on Criminal Justice, was in the same wing of the Petroleum Building as my office at Common Cause in Florida (where I was a full-time volunteer during the day and worked at the Brown Derby Restaurant at night from 1981 - 1986).The Petroleum Building was next to the State Capital, the Florida Supreme Court and the State Archives and Library. When it was torn down, the space and the space for the first CCR office became the Mary Brogan Art and Science Museum and a storm water retaining pond. The Petroleum Building was called by those of us who worked or volunteered there the "Forces of Good" (FOG) Building -- as opposed to FOE -- Forces of Evil, such as Associated Industries, the Chamber and other big business interests in Florida. The FOG building also included (not an exhaustive list) the Clean Water Action Project, the ACLU, NOW, Florida Legal Services, Migrant Farmworker's Organization (directed by Cliff Thaell, who has more recently been a Leon County Commissioner for over ten years), Mike Vasilinda's television news service.About every two years at CCR there was a Marxist-Leninist-Stalinist-Maoist purge due to the pressures and dysfunctions of the work and the people. I survived two such purges. With the third, I was the first to go in the spring and summer of 1992.When Scharlette had essentially declared war upon CCR in 1987 and thereafter, some of us decided to investigate her background given some things that we had heard. Low and behold, Scharlette's claim of a PhD in anthropology from the University of Hawaii and a Master's Degree from Memphis State (now University of Memphis) don't exist.  A claimed undergraduate degree from Memphis State:  I no longer recall if this was confirmed by the university.We used Scharlette's Social Security number, her maiden name and her married name -- with all this information, both universities had no record of Scharlette having received any degrees from these institutions.As I understand Scharlette, she needed the "degrees" to confer upon her "credentials" that she really never needed as she is indeed then and now a national expert on capital mitigation, litigation, etc. However Scharlette can be deceptive, as her lack of a PhD and Masters so demonstrates. Even today she claims to have the degrees as when she gives presentations regarding capital cases, she is identified as "Dr." A key word search of her name will bring up some of the presentations that she has made in the past several years with the title "Dr." preceding her name.If she has received any honorary or other degrees since 1990, that would be new information for me. If anyone can assist in this matter, please contact me at paul_d_harvill@yahoo.com or my mailing address: P.O. Box 38458, Tallahassee, FL 32315-8458. Thank you
Beware-Not a Series for All Tastes. Like many readers, I came to the Portuguese Irregular Verbs series through Alexander McCall Smith's charming "Number One Ladies Detective Agency" series.  Right off the bat, beware that this series has nothing in common with his beloved detective novels set in modern day Botswana.  It is hard to believe that he wrote too such different types of books.The Portuguese Irregular Verb series of which "At the Villa Reduced Circumstances" is just one book can best be described as a droll send up on the absurdities of academic life.  McCall's style can best be described as extremely dry and verging on the absurdist.  This type of subtle humor is not for everyone.The books in the series do not need to be read in order.  I would recommend that you start with "The Finer Points of Sausage Dogs", the best book in the series.  If you like this type of humor gone onto the other two books.  If you like your humor dry and way over the top, this is the series for you
Simply one of the best. Achtemeier's commentary on Romans is simply the best commentary on the market for the layperson. Commentaries written by academics are often not useful to the general public, since they use Greek or Hebrew and assume a  great deal about the reader's background. On the other hand, most of the  popular commentaries are simply too shallow. Achtemeier does an excellent  job of clarifying the issues for the average reader. If you can only buy  one commmentary on Romans, this should be your choice
most borrowed book on earth. I like it when someone borrows your well-tattered grove press paperback copy of this book with a 20th century "I'm soooo jaded.." smirk on thier face and all-knowing and all judging raised eyebrow.I also like it when they return the book. No more smirk..no more raised eyebrow...no more judgement. Just a blank stare that goes right through you and a mumbled "Thanks". And a change in attitude that stays with them for life.De Sade had to include the gore and pornography in his books to hide his religious and political views. In his lifetime the most punishment ( if any ) meted out for flogging, toturing and killing YOUR OWN servants was minimal. The punishment for his kind of blasphamy was the old neck knife ! Plus, you've got to hand it to someone who could write this prolifically with a non-ballpoint pen
Great for Team Building Activity!. We used this book for a team building activity in our company.  It was fantastic!  Check it out at www.wilderdom.com/games/descriptions/Zoom.html.
The Heinlein Devotee's Bible. If you are a hard-core devotee of Robert A. Heinlein's literature (not a casual fan, or someone who thought that Stranger In A Strange Land was &quot;pretty cool&quot;) then your bookshelf is essentially empty without this book. Out of the nearly 30 works collected in this volume, none are without merit. It starts out with Life-Line, as any RAH retrospective must, and also includes such early classics as Solution Unsatisfactory and Blowups Happen. However, the majority of the book are far lesser known works. Among these, those of note include a trio of non-fiction (and a couple of fictional) articles on the atomic bomb and it's consequences that Heinlein wrote after WWII. Other interesting stories include two chronicles of the Heinleins' trip to the USSR. Also of note are the predictions that RAH made for the future, and his rants on such subjects as education, politics, and religion. However, the part of the book that I enjoyed most were the forewards and afterwards that are strewn throughout the book. They often reveal a lot about the author's character (perhaps more than he intended) and occasionally show fascinating insights. Overall, I found the book to be very entertaining, funny (at times), and written in Heinlein's typical witty prose (even the non-fiction.) Absolutely essential for any major fan of the Dean's work
Very informative and helpful. The information presented in this book is very useful. It does a good job of covering the subjects with enough information so you can learn the subject
delisherotic. We have lots of books about the economics of food and itsplace in the world's economy. There are books about the dieteticsof food and its relation to individual health and a healthylife. There are, of course, a million cookbooks and a dozen orso good books about the chemistry and physics of food andcooking. We even have a handful of good books about thehistory of food (has everybody read EATING RIGHT IN THERENAISSANCE?).What has been in short supply has been books that dealthe sheer beauty of what we eat. We are missing acredible erotics of food. One book that has stepped upto the plate is INGREDIENTS, a gorgeous picture bookabout, well-ingredients-the simple stuffs from whichwe make our food.INGREDIENTS is a picture book. Almost 400 pages ofluscious, sexy photos of food in all of its bewilderingdiversity. The page devoted to plums has a plum called'Tragedy' as well as the more prosaic santa rosas andgaviotes and greengages. The fish page should drive youout to the fishmonger with drool on your chin and thepage on greens is so good you can almost smell it.The book has no recipes. It's also short on real infor-mation-the photo spread on potatoes gives no hintof the differences in starch type that cause allthe variation in use. But let's not quibble, thisis pure food porn, the sort of book that we useto remind ourselves of our appetites at the sametime that it stimulates them.Yum.Lynn Hoffman, author of The New Short Course in Wineand the forthcoming novel bang-BANG from kunati
Excellent on Eritrea as well as Ethiopia. "Smallchief" mentioned that he had used this book in only in Ethiopia; I can attest that the Eritrea section is excellent as well.   The walking tours of Asmara are a particularly useful and enjoyable introduction to a beautiful and eminently walkable city.  Some of the information is out of date - a number of the establishments mentioned in the book are now closed, presumably due to the Eritrean economy's difficult straights.  Let's hope that Ethiopia and Eritrea can overcome their joint and singular difficulties.
Too much of a good thing. Normally hot and slow sound like a good combination but not necessarily so this time.  Hamilton as always excels at amazing creativy and storylines, and she's definitely kicked up the sex to a kinkier notch than ever before in this series.  My complaint is that the entire span of the book takes place in less than 24-hours.  Worse, the first half probably only covers about five hours.  I almost felt like I was reading Robert Jordan with all the attention paid to tiny details like clothing, sculpted abs, and how every guy in the world has a page-long reaction to Meredith's slightest glance.  I almost jumped for joy when Hamilton let everyone sleep for the night, thus allowing several more hours elapse that we didn't have to read about!That being said, I do stand by my four star rating because the ideas being created are really quite cool.  And the ending--probably about the last third to fourth of the book--was a true page turner; I couldn't put it down.  So I guess my final analysis is to hang in there.  Some parts spend way too much time in analysis and rumination, but the ending is well worth it.  Oh yeah--the cover is fabulous.  You should prominently display it on your bookcase to enthrall your friends and family
Intensive, extensive, and perculating with possibility. Fortgang's workout Life Blueprint style is all about the doing, proving you're serious with action, and making choices based on gut instincts. An authentic self-study program enriched with Fortgang's spiritual bent and spunky style. A must have for the serious student of life who seeks to unleash his/her gifts to the world
formal review. i find that the book touches on many of the subjects that our professor teaches us, also between chapters they are not too long which makes reading and understanding much better. Being in the teaching field this is a good tool and resource for my classroom
Joaquin Sorolla by Blanca Pons-Sorolla. The wait is over! This is it! If you are a fan of this elusive and spectacular artist, then you MUST!!!! own this book.The pictures are great and the color reproductions are great and lot more paintings than previously seen in other books, I can't stress enough, this book is a must for artists who strive to unlock the skillful vision of Sorolla, what a gift to all of us who love this Spanish Impressionst
Maybe it's an american thing... I find some very (otherwise) fine Brit writers a tad "precious."  The kid thing is cute once, twice, but three times and I'm out...would the word be "treacly" (if there is such a word)?  And the class thing, of course, is grating, if you're not Brit.  It always turns my stomach, no matter how "cute" or even slightly mocking it's supposed to be. Ugh.   Jury is a lovely man, and I do enjoy him, but as someone here said, he's about the only character who's intriguing, except for Cyril, the cat - come to think of it, Cyril's the best character in the novel. The last part - in the "house" for little girls - was interesting; the story finally picked up some speed and dash, thank heavens.  But I have to say: I don't actually believe in Jury.  He's missing some testosterone for my taste.  I'm a writer, a poet...I "get" all the (high and condescendingly low-) brow literary references...but they don't ring true, nor does  Jury's affinity for kids and dogs...it's all a little too pat.  I'm more of a Banks fan...Peter Robinson a great mystery writer...maybe cause he's a guy... he has it down, and the class thing doesn't enter in in a way that sets my teeth on edge.  Yes, I think it has more to do with class self-consciousness than with gender
Old pratchett vs new pratchett. Pratchett books are divided into two categories: the pratchetts of old, with a side-splitting joke every page, or the new pratchetts, which are humorous but more drily so, laying more emphasis on plot.The fans too are split according to their preference in each category. I like to think I am somewhere in the middle: I enjoy good  plots, but I did love laughing along in a book where the story didn't matter and being often jerked along as haphhazardly as real life. Somehow, normal plots take away that delightful, unreal yet all too real treatment of heroes, plot, narrative devices and endings. Am I confusing you? I mean that there is a tradeoff between writing a good satisfying plot and making it a wild, hilariously unpredictable ride. For eg., Captain Carrot and  Sam Vimes belong firmly in the 'conventional good hero who does things most people cannot do category'. It is the dry humor in those books that makes them a Pratchett.Now to the review. The Last continent is written in the same style as the 'old pratchetts'. It has a commendable lack of heroes or villains, a wonderful lack of predictability - you never know when a god or storm will smite the wizards and hurl them into mysterious places in different times. Nor do you  really admire their constant bickering but can't help rooting for them anyway.This books reveals the inner secrets of the Unseen University elite politics. For those who like wizards and Rincewind, this book is worth the familiar, joke/atrocious pun/ subtle insight packed value of Old Pratchett. I thoroughly recommend it for that. For discworld newbies, this is as good a start as any. If you prefer humor tempered with a conventional story, you'd be better off with the Watch books (Guards, Men at arms, feet of clay, jingo, fifth elephant, thud).
Very Good. I do think that the book was very very helpful. It had comprehensive information written in a clear and friendly way. I am pretty sure every parent has something to benefit from reading this book. Even if you do not follow the 5-week program strictly, you can walk away with the general principles that the book draws your attention to. Very highly recommended.
Excellent and extremely thorough. If I had to sum my thoughts about this book up in one word I would say, "Thorough."My church group recently finished the Driven by Eternity series. (A full curriculum with the book, DVDs and a workbook is available.) This book definitely gives a hard-core, in-depth look at Scripture pertaining to heaven, hell, judgment and eternal rewards. Though Bevere tackles some controversial topics, he only does so with an abundance of Scripture references.One more thing you should know about this book: it includes a fictional short story --an allegory-- to help give a more clear picture of the truths taught throughout the book.
Great read!. Wonderful job Kathleen!  Great information for potential patients
What's Hip Today Might Become Passe. Subtitled "A Dictionary of Hipster Slang," this is a broad overview of mostly noirish/beat slang that will be enjoyed mostly be devotees of those genres.  As mentioned by another reviewer, the organization is alphabetical only (as opposed to thematic, chronological, or source), so this lacks efficiency as a resource book--it's better for browsing.  On the other hand, the somewhat narrower focus makes this more a heck of a lot more fun than the big and dry "Dictionary of Modern Slang," which is more complete but, akin to reading a dictionary. The slang expression is in a greyed margin on the left; brief explanations and examples are to the right.The book has flaws:  The etymology of the slang is sparing; there are some examples of works in which it was used (but we don't know if that was the first use) for some but not all of the words.  Most disappointing?  Not a single picture except the book cover.  To some extent, that may limit its "gift appeal," and, more importantly, and presents the words without much context. Perhaps copyright issues were at play; still, even scene-setting period photos would have evoked the slang's cultural and historical referents. There's also no index, although that's somewhat expected given the paltry organization.  Given all this, the book (at around $15.00) is currently overpriced.  Still, since there aren't many competitors, it has merit as browsing material (especially), and somewhat as a reference for "hipster" language.
Now YOU can speak the language!. There is the language of America: English.  Then there is the language of American Politics: Find all the words/phrases in "Hatchet Jobs and Hardball"  Quite the valuable dictionary to have - regardless if you're the average Jane or Joe, or someone who is considering a career in public office. This book is one which serves a great purpose to those who are, in one form or another, in the political arena.There is an introduction by the dynamic duo, James Carville and Mary Matalin, followed by a brief "guide" to the dictionary and 8 brief essays regarding politics before one gets to the actual dictionary.  It is a phenomenal and handy book to have!I love it and carry it with my in my bag all the time
An excellent interdisciplinary endeavor. Miller's book provides the reader with an extremely well thought-out interdisciplinary journey through the issues current in Francophone African literature. His careful analysis is fully supported through insistent  references to a myriad of other works, and a conscientious and sensitive  approach to discussing African literaure. I highly recomend it to anyone  with interests in African discourse, literary theory, culture studies,  anthropology, and textual practice
Every woman should read this!. Five years ago, I picked up "Women's Bodies, Women's Wisdom" at the library as a book on tape.  I was astounded by Dr. Northrup's intuitive insight into a women's mind and I connected to her work very much.  She explained some things that I had always wondered about and exposed me to some new concepts which now, some 5 years later, I more truly understand as they reflect changes in my own health, body, and mind.  Since reading this book, I have done much more research on women's health, especially menopause, and this is hands-down the best book on the subject.
Hope while growing up gay in alcoholic home. Michael Cart captures well the way an alcoholic parent can shape a child through his teenage years and beyond. His descriptions of protagonist Andy Logan's attempts to manage and cope with his father's drinking problem ring true and avoid sentimental touches. For the most part, he also avoids the fantastical high school love affairs that frequently appear in young adult literature with gay subjects.I enjoyed Cart's direct style very much. My only real complaint is that the story wraps up too quickly near the end, denying the developing character of Billy real complexity. Too many books spawn sequels, in my opinion, but I would love to see an expanded version of this book with Billy more fully developed, and the chance to really see Andy involved in his first relationship of equals
Another Bosch Thriller!. Michael Connelly shows why he is the best writer within his genre.  Harry Bosch receives a call that there is a confessor to the murder of a young woman from 1993.  Harry worked the case and it has haunted him for over a decade.When a visit to the murder site goes awry, Harry begins to suspect that things are not as they seem.  He begins to dig deeper and uncovers angles to the case that he never knew.An excellent thriller as usual with twists till the end
Riders - New Riders. There are two basic styles of English prose. One is that of Dashiell Hammett - short words, short sentences, short paragraphs, short chapters, short novels. The other basic style is that of Charles Dickens - long passages of minute, detailed description. Zane Grey wrote in this second style, and he did it very well indeed. The American West comes alive in the pages of this book, a true classic. Calling this "purple prose" is like calling the music of the Grateful Dead "boogie" - it's a putdown that doesn't really mean anything. (Incidentally, a Grateful Dead offshoot band, New Riders of the Purple Sage, was named after this book.) Just as Alice chased a rabbit into Wonderland, so Venters chases a rabbit into Surprise Valley. He discovers true spirituality in the natural world and in other people - not in organized, denominational religion. The theme of this novel is that tyrannical fanaticism - religious and/or political - is dangerous and wrong. Grey was not specifically anti-Mormon. In fact, some of his Mormon charactors were good people. He was against any religious system that was out of control in its lust for power. Think of todays' "religious right", or for that matter, Islamic extremism. Grey would have disliked both
Deserves the highest acclaim it gets. I read this book after visiting Turkey and Jordan some years ago and  was bedazzled by it in every respect.  A remarkable military campaign, the extremely complex Lawrence and the account of WWI with the historical  figures Ataturk, Feisal, Allenby etc.  The victory of the Arabs and the British, with all the military daring and intrigue is one of the most amazing stories of the war.  That Lawrence just happened to be a literary giant as well and could write as intensely well as perhaps any other 20th C English writer (that I know) is one of those strange coincidences that defies probability.The book was all the more enjoyed for having explored Jordan (and Wadi Rumm in particular on foot) and for some chance encounters with bedouin there in the middle of nowhere.  A different way of life that still survives in some parts.The movie "Lawrence of Arabia" is based on the book, but is just a visually stunning film, but has no complexity.  Admittedly I haven't seen all of it, but I would rather read the book again.
A great book but published sloppily. This book defines a connection game and proceeds to analyze them.  About half the book is a catalog of all the connection games that have been invented, most in the past 20 years.  I had no idea there were so many.  This book will give you a taste of all these games and how they are "connected".  It also presents ways of analyzing connection games, and has some tips on playing.  Still, this is not a book that will tell you how to win at Hex, I think the author has another book for this.My big gripe was that all of the page numbers in this book in the Table of Contents and the Indexes (there are several) are off by 13.  My book came with a short note on a separate piece of paper noting this error.  I found it frustrating looking things up in the indexes, although you soon become pretty good at converting.  For a fairly expensive book, this is rather sloppy publishing, and should have been caught
Underground And Out Of Sight... Sort Of. A fan of Kim Baldwin, I was truly looking forward to reading `Hunter's Pursuit.'   I was most certainly not disappointed.  She's a brilliant writer who brings exciting and realistic characters to life on the written page.First, there is Kat Demetrious, a.k.a. Hunter, a killer for hire who wants to get out of the business for good.  She sequesters herself to a hidden bunker in the north hills; only to find out she's the target of a $1 million contract issued by her former boss.  Only a few people have taken on the challenge of the contract and Kat believes she's ready for them all.  That is until she rescues a woman from a car wreck just outside her bunker.Kat believes the woman is Scout, the most dangerous of the killers after her.  However the injured woman is suffering from amnesia.  Except for a few items in a stolen car, Kat can't prove the woman's identity.  In any case, it doesn't seem to matter for long because the two women begin to face an expected and undeniable attraction.  Things start to really get interesting when the other killers show up and Kat is torn between protecting this new love interest and feeding her to the proverbial dogs.Baldwin keeps the reader hanging until the last few chapters, not revealing anything about the true nature of the characters and situations until the last possible moment.  This is most certainly a "sitting on the edge of your seat" kind of novel.  And, the truth is revealed in such a way that you won't be able to put it down until you're finished.  Wonderfully written with great characters, I highly recommend `Pursuit' to anyone.
Spots, spots and more spots!. While this tiny book does offer some important truths, it could be made even smaller if the author's central theme of color "spots" was not on nearly every single page.My only other complaint is about that the reviews of students' paintings which comprises a large part of this small work. They are not nearly as helpful as they would be if there was some attempt at describing them a little more thoroughly than "Model in red sweater." (There are no graphics of any type in the entire book.)Still, there is enough truth in this booklet to make it a must if you paint in anything approaching a representational style, (or want to)
Excellent Guide for the Beginner. I have never done a triathlon and this book was really amazing at helping understand every aspect of what to do to get ready and what to expect. It talks about equipment, nutrition, and what to expect on race day. It also includes really great workout programs for those with goals just to finish and those with specific performance goals. It also includes a training log. The only downside is that i wish tom holland provided some online resources. Other than that, I love it :
Excellent Primary Documentation. Author Anthony Sutton has done a remarkable job of documenting the insidious betrayal of the super wealthy American elite, who literally bankrolled the most brutal communist government of all time.  If you have ever wondered why the very wealthy should seem to be sympathetic with communism, herein lies the answer.  This is extraordinarily important information, which deserves a wide audience
Review of The Number Devil. This was a terrific find. My math hesitant child is actually enjoying the story. The fact that concepts (some fairly high level)are sneaked in is quite creative. I highly recommend this book to anyone trying to interest their child in math.
An interesting look at Gangrel society. Gherbod Fleming's portrayal of the vampires in this book I found to be very close to what I had always envisioned. The book hits a few rough patches early on but it all gels really well about halfway through and you won't be able to put it down
A practical, &quot;user friendly&quot;, invaluable instruction guide. In A Simple Guide to Self-Publishing, Mark Ortman lays out simple, concise, step-by-step &quot;how to&quot; guides for preparing, printing, distributing, and promoting a book that is published by its author. Now in  a thoroughly updated third edition, A Simple Guide to Self-Publishing also  includes the phenomena of on-line publishing and the electronic book  (ebook). All of the references and resources for successful self-publishing  are presented, including the easiest way to get started; where to apply for  a copyright and ISBN number; ways to publishing a manuscript on the  Internet; where to have a book printed economically; how to promote and  distribute books on the Internet. A Simple Guide to Self-Publishing is a  practical, &quot;user friendly&quot; instruction guide and reference that  will prove invaluable for the novice self- publisher
More of a reference. As part of the Dover Thrift Editions, this is a very affordable look into Stoic philosophy and insight into one of the emperors of the Roman Empire.As with most books from this collection, there is around 100 pages of text and no more.  Rather than reading like a story, these are aphorisms, which are more or less grouped into similar subject matter, but if you want to get the most out of it, you should aim for reading, at most, a couple at a time to really reflect on what Aurelius is saying.An example would be number 15 from Book VII, "Whatever any one does or says, I must be good, just as if the emerald (or the gold or the purple) were always saying "Whatever any one does or says, I must be emerald and keep my color."  This is a very profound and pithy saying.  To get the full effect, think about what this is saying and how it applies to us and our doings.  Reading many of these in a row would just blur them together.I would recommend this as a reference for helping to reflect on our lives
One of the best available. If you have a modicum of introduction to the law, and need a guidebook on &quot;how to&quot; go about researching a legal question, this book is one of the best available.  It does assume that you have some working knowledge of how law works, but is an especially good book for either first year law students or paralegal students beyond their introductory courses.  Well worth having on your shelf
Intuitive as it says. It's a great book for probability. Explain the abstract concept in an easy way. You will find out that you go through all those difficulties just by following the author. I got full point in my first quiz which was never the case for my math courses
Well done and informative. If you need to understand the way the LA purchase was part of American history then this the book to read.  The book does an excellent job of explaining Madison, Jefferson, Livingston, Marbois and Talleyrand's ideas about how to sell, buy and determine how valuable the LA purchase was.  I would suggest this to anybody who loves American history and would like to find out how America almost became a French territory
Yippee Skippe Crochet sweaters. Beautiful patterns and every single time I make a pattern from this book I learn something else that I did not allready know.  Patterns cover all the seasons, well worth adding to your crochet library
good book. An excellent read.  If you enjoy the movie, then pick up the book
Halley's bible handbook. This is a must have for ALL who would study the word of GO
Great Reporting and Very Little Analysis. Another review is not needed, there are enough already, except to say this: the reporting is incredible; every page has new facts and new information. Every rat running from the sinking ship has talked to Woodward, and most have blamed other rats further up the anchor chain. But Woodward has done us a real service by not trying to bring too much analysis to the news he is reporting. Therefore, do not trust reviews, do not trust critics, do not trust summaries. Instead, read the whole book. Every page has a new nugget, new raw material, for real analysts, political scientists, historians, to make sense of. This truly is the first draft of history --- so much raw revealing data...
Worthy of Study. Popular works of history that focus on a particular year are becoming more and more common.  On my own shelves I see the following titles: 1066 and All That, 1215, 1453, 1491, 1918 and Paris 1919.  Given time, we may have a volume for every year in history.  For the moment, add one more: 1421.  And what was crucial about the year 1421?  Well, the subtitle informs us that this was "the year China discovered America."Apparently, in the year 1421, Emperor Zhu Di of China sent a fleet of hundreds of ships out from Beijing with orders to explore the entire earth and, of course, bring back tribute from whomever they find.  What is lost to us is the direct evidence of the success of these voyages.  In the two years over which the fleet was gone, the emperor had fallen and China was beginning its decent into a society almost completely closed off from the outside world.  Along with that came the destruction of nearly all evidence and records of these voyages until they were forgotten.  Complicit in this destruction were the explorers of the West who wanted to take advantage of the wealth of these "unexplored" lands.Menzies does a fairly good job of presenting his evidence of Chinese exploration.  There is no doubt that, until their inward turn, China had the most advanced science, ships and navigation of the day.  China had well established sea routes from the east coast of Africa to India to Southeast Asia to the homeland for centuries previous to this final voyage.  They had the ability to calculate latitude and longitude.  They were excellent cartographers.What is less clear is the evidence of the voyages of these "treasure ships"--huge junks that outclassed European ships of the period  by orders of magnitude.  That the ships existed, there can be little doubt.  Observers of the period recorded them and wrecks have been found and dated.  But where did they go?By some accounts, everywhere.  Menzies' analysis of fifteenth century maps is very powerful.  That these ships sailed places--Australia, South Pacific Islands, North and South America, Antarctica--that Europeans would not follow until two to four centuries later is very convincing.  The likelihood that European explorers like Columbus had copies of Chinese maps seems revealed in their own writings and gives credence to his claims.  His evidence of Chinese landings and possible colonies in the Americas and elsewhere is interesting and plausible, if less convincing than some of the rest.If there is a weakness in Menzies' book, it is in the prose.  He can come across as defensive about his claims and almost desperate to have people believe him.  The end of the book feels a bit rushed and leaves some interesting questions unaddressed, as if he wanted to get his stuff out there before someone else trumped him.  He would have been better off to simply let the story unfold and the evidence speak for itself.  Still, by his own admission, he is an "amateur" and it is easy to be forgiving, seeing what he feels are the magnitudes of his claims.As to that point, I feel less moved than Menzies.  That the Chinese may have explored the world and laid the groundwork for European exploration with borrowed maps may very well be true.  It may very well be true that Chinese sailors and colonists made landfall at various spots around the globe, setting up their own villages and even intermixing with local populations.  It is absolutely fascinating to think about.  On the other hand, despite this, it is the Europeans who took advantage of exploration and colonization while the Chinese retreated.  Had they not, the world today might look very different.  But they did.  Menzies doesn't address what that means.  In this, perhaps, he shows most clearly that he is not a professional historian.  Still, he deserves a lot of credit for an interesting book.  It should be read and its meaning addressed
Much more than a biography of one singer. Ruby Elzy, on the scant evidence of the one recording that I have yet heard (St Louis Blues, in the film of Birth of the Blues), was a great artist, both as actor and singer.David Weaver's fine book is a most moving and informing tribute to Ruby Elzy's life and career. It is also a tribute to the achievement of a people emerging with triumph from slavery and discrimination. Despite their triumph, this book also indicts the nature of ongoing discrimination, against Afro-Americans and against all other people of colours and beliefs and ways of life that cannot be accommodated by the fear-based, unreasoned and unreasonable prejudice of other people across the world. This world is too small a place to contain both a diverse humanity and oppressive, evil prejudice.In spite of the great interest and pleasure that I found, and continue to find on re-reading, in David Weaver's first book  (surely, other books may follow), reading it was a painful experience - it has forced me to confront my own, deep-seated prejudices. There is a story where Ruby Elzy is walking with her friends and is mocked by a racist white boy. When she starts to sing a joyful spiritual instead of being downcast, the boy then acknowledges, in a kind of begrudging wonder, that she surely could sing.David Weaver's work in creating this good book has helped many of us to share that boy's wonder. Sharing his admiration and affection for this great woman and her people is a gift that earns him the warm, well-earned gratitude of his readers.David Weaver is now preparing a CD of Ruby Elzy's work and no doubt this will be sought after by many people on its release
A play of intrigue. A group of plays, of which this was a member, won first prize in Athens. Philoctetes had been left marooned on an island several years earlier (because of his disease) under orders of Agamemnon and Menelaus. But, the  two kings later discover that Troy cannot be conquered without Philoctetes  and his bow, a bow given to him by Heracles. Odysseus and Neoptolemus (the  son of the late Achilles) arrive at the island to persuade or trick  Philoctetes to return with them. Neoptolemus wants to be noble in his  actions; yet, his commander, Odysseus, wants to use guile. At the end, a  deus-ex-machina device is used to resolve the conflict. The play has  excellent characterization, a good plot, and steady movement
The Forgotten Women. I'm not sure why this book didn't win the National Book Club Award.  I have read three of the other finalists and this is, by far, the best of the bunch.  It is a "must read" for women of all ages.I am a bit younger than these women - our age group spanned the time before the Feminist Movement and after.  We were on the cusp.  Therefore, some of the things which affected these women where "preached" to my age group, but many of us were lucky and escaped.  We went back to school and finished our educations, and, when our husbands left or died and our children grew up, we had other places and things to which to turn, and now we have new memories to replace the old ones.  I am surprised that, none of the reviews I have read mention Viv.  She, of all the characters, is the most poignant for me.  Viv is the brilliant, but poor girl, who is awarded a full scholarship to Smith.  However, it is the time when young women went to college to earn their MRS. degree, and, in spite of being championed by a pair of women professors and pushed toward graduate school, she hears the "siren call" and marries a month after receiving her undergraduate degree.  He is a non-entity and soon becomes colorless in her eyes so that, after he is no longer a part of her life, she can't even remember what he looks like.  However, she remembers vividly, half a century later, the professors - how they looked - how they spoke to her - how angry they were when she gave up her birthright to get married.  Now she runs the "book club" for the ladies and watches the sessions dissolve into "niggling" and nonsense spoken by women who will never be as bright as she, and who just don't understand the inner meanings of the books they read.This is a book which should be on the reading lists of every Women in Literature class in this country, and it teaches lessons which should never be forgotten by any woman of any age.
Still haven't read this book? And you say you love reading!!. This is a magnum-opus by Sheldon. The author is very much successful in keeping the interest of the reader throughout the book. It's a must read piece
This book was one of the best graduation gifts I received!. I got this in the mail a few weeks ago from a close family friend for a graduation gift. At first I thought it looked really stupid, but I was bored one afternoon so I just picked it up. It is so fascinating! Each section is short enough so that you can read as much or as little as you feel like. And it's really easy to skip around and only read the sections that interest you. Now I read a section or two everyday. It's a great book because it covers so much information in an interesting and funny way. The quiz format adds a little element of fun into the whole advice book thing. It's also neat how they end each section by telling you where to go for more info on something. Each section is informative and funny at the same time. And it covers really important everyday sort of stuff from basic cooking, to how to change a tire, to basic knowledge for credit cards. If you are looking for a great book for a graduate (of college or high school) this graduate is telling you to get this book
Important Explanation of the Rise and Fall of Spice Envy. `Spice - The History of a Temptation' by historian Jack Turner is a work of cultural and culinary history which is `culinary' in much the same sense as the writings of M.F.K. Fisher are not about cooking, but about hunger or desire for food. History of food is not as useful to the average amateur cook as food science, but ignorance of food history can lead to misstatements about food as easily as ignorance of food science can lead to misstatements about how cooking works. One of my most fascinating observations in my reading of several books on Medieval and Renaissance cooking was the pervasive appearance of spices in recipes from the twelfth to the fifteenth centuries. And, this prevalence was not only in the Mediterranean, but also as far north as England and Scandinavia. Conventional wisdom regarding modern cuisine says that the cookie spices (cinnamon, cloves, nutmeg, and ginger) are common in savory dishes of the southernmost reaches of Europe such as Sicily, Crete, and Greece plus the great Renaissance trading ports such as Venice. Yet, here we have French kings and nobles in Paris using as much of these spices as the merchant kings of Venice and Genoa.Our author and scholar answers this question and a lot more in this delightfully written and thoroughly researched book. Mr. Turner's writing may not be up to the level of M.F.K. Fisher, but it is every bit as good as the quality of writing in the typical journalism in depth pieces which appear regularly in The New Yorker. We can thank the wisdom of the editors at Knopf for giving us an excellent work of popular history on a subject which turns up now and then on food shows such as `Molto Mario' and Alton Brown's `Good Eats'.One piece of conventional wisdom that the author dispels is the claim that spices were used to mask the bad taste and odor of spoiling food. In fact, it is much more logical to believe that food preservation by drying and salting was far advanced by 1200 CE The problem was not with spoiled food as with dull, salty, dry food in the winter. And, this problem was primarily a problem of the rich. Before 1600, the diet of the wealthy landowner was based almost exclusively on meat, preferably game. Fruits were avoided except as themselves a type of spice, since they were thought to be the source of undesirable humors. Vegetables were avoided as being the food for the common folk. This happens to be an eminent confirmation of the description of modern European cuisine, especially Italian cuisine, which is heavily vegetarian, as the cuisine of poverty.So, the oriental spices were commonly used widely throughout Europe to liven food. And, my reading of aforementioned Medieval and Renaissance cookbooks with recipes from England and France confirms that these spices were used in virtually every dish. While much of the use was done to enliven salty, dry meats, an equal attraction of these spices, including pepper and citrus fruits was simply because they were rare and expensive. This situation is almost identical to the great interest in tulips in the 17th and 18th centuries, when people would pay the price of a comfortable house simply to own a single unusual tulip bulb. And, spices were expensive because they were almost all available from a very few south Asian islands, appropriately named the `Spice Islands'. And, as we all know, this was one of the major forces behind the Age of Discovery which opened with the voyages of Italian Christopher Columbus to the West and Portuguese Vasco da Gama to the South and East. Turner covers the relative success of these two explorers in some detail, but this book is about the spices, not about the explorers.While my interest is primarily culinary, the book devotes two sizable chapters to spices used as perfumes and medicines as, for example, aphrodisiacs, and spices used as aids to spiritual rituals, as spices in incense censors. Both of these chapters maintain the high level of scholarship and readability. The author also covers in detail the roles of the Portuguese, the Dutch, the French, and the English in the struggle to control the spice trade. That the Dutch won this explains the tact that much of Indonesia was once a Dutch colony.So, if, as the author thoroughly explains, spices have been transplanted around the world and are now much cheaper than they once were, why are they not even more commonly used than they were 500 years ago? Two reasons for the drop in spice interest are evident in their original attraction. If spices are much less rare, they are less interesting as a medium of conspicuous consumption. This interest, along with the interests of merchants, moved on to gold, jewels, furs, tea, and coffee. Also, the rise of better methods of food preservation lowered the need for spices to perk up dull meats. This was joined by a rising interest in the nobility for vegetables in their diets, prompted by Renaissance cooking writers (see `The Art of Cooking' by Martino of Como). But, the most interesting reason for the disappearance of the infatuation in the rich with Asian spices was the arrival of foods from the New World, most especially coffee, chocolate, tobacco, and the capsicum peppers or chiles. I was immensely pleased by the author's statement that the strength of heat from these little New World lovelies simply blew Asian black, white, and green peppers clear out of the water. Their cultivation spread so fast that some Europeans even thought they originated in Asia, since they grew so well in any reasonably hospitable climate.If you are keen on having a good understanding of culinary history, you must read this book. If you just happen to like history, you will enjoy every page and wish there were more. I look forward to scholar Turner's next book!
A fine read. Krauss' prose has been described as "poetic".  It's a very apt description.  THL is as much an extended prose poem on love, history, and the history of love as it is the telling of a particular 'love story'.  I dock one star only because in the breathless final chapter of THL an entire storyline (developed throughout the novel) is simply abandoned (some resolution was required) and because of Krauss' wild over-repetition of the sentence fragment "And yet.", which, by novel's end had become grating in the extreme.  These details aside, THL is a wonderful read.  It is the product of a writer very much in command of her craft.
Great Book, Super Writing Style. I found this book to be written in a language that can be understood by an amateur at this subject like I am.  His way of writing is smooth as velvet and its all easy to read and very entertaining.....Ann P. Repp
intriguing biography. For us boomers raised on the remarkable 1950s Disney production, AMERICAN LEGEND substantiates much of the Davy Crocket TV shows, but also augments it with insight into how much more complex a person the frontier legend was regardless of Buddy Ebson's summarizing ballad.  Buddy Levy fills much of the gaps including mildly negative commentary.  For instance, there is insight into Crockett's two wives, five children and four step-children in which the hero's itchy feet kept him on the road a lot; both his strong spouses took care of the home front with iron wills, but the hero was not home that often (regardless of offspring count).  Interesting to this reviewer's memory of the Disney show has Mr. Crocket going to Washington as a success story, but the biographer paints a more balanced picture of a somewhat failed politician.  However, the most interesting new items (at least to me) is Crockett wrote a bestselling autobiography in which he barnstormed the country selling it and his dispute with his former Commander in the Creek War President Jackson over the abusive Indian Removal Act of 1830.  This is an intriguing look at an individual who in the first half of the nineteenth century was a living legend that authenticates how accurate the Disney portrayal was; one worth reading and the other worth watchingHarriet Klausner
Good Usable Info. I've read the book Getting to Yes and was a little concerned that this may be dry as well.  This doesn't seem like a tough subject to educate on; only tough to actually make yourself do.  So with that said, I was impressed with the easy step-by-step (even on a audio level).  I have a few more techniques in my arsenal that will allow me to more effectively use this skill.  I also appreciate the fact that he points out to use it in even simple situations to gain experience.  Would buy again that I've heard it?  Yes
Solid information on the ghostwriting business. If you have ever thought about ghostwriting but really don't understand the industry or what the opportunities are then you will want to take a look at this book.  Author Eva Shaw has been a ghostwriter for almost thirty years.  In &quot;Ghost-Writing for Fun &amp; Profit&quot; she shares the benefits of her experiences and offers practical tips and advice for anyone exploring the possibility of entering this field.  Areas covered in the book include the various types of ghostwriting, payment methods and when one method is better than the other, typical rates, references, getting clients, agreements, copyrights, royalties, personalities, interviewing, selling the book, selling the idea, and the mechanics of actually ghostwriting an article, speech, book, or other item.  Full of practical down-to-earth advice, Dr. Shaw has created an indispensable guide to the ghostwriting business.  &quot;Ghost-Writing for Fun &amp; Profit&quot; is a highly recommended read for anyone interested in this business
Class Action.  Review from a reader. This is a must read for anyone considering a civil suit.  Unlike the other reviewers, I did not feel this book glorified the lawyers.  On the contrary, Bingham and Gangsler went further than any other writer by exposing the cost of litigation - the abuse and exploitation of injured litigants by lawyers and judges who make their living off our courts.  Lori Jenson is the only heroine in this story.  Through the authors I felt her pain and realized her sacrifice for all of us.But, the screenwriters of North Country made a mistake by concentrating on the sexual harassment part of this story in their version of this book.  It is as if they did not read past the first few chapters. The screen writers either missed the message or underestimated the fears of litigants in the over 100 million cases filed each year in American courts.  The wider scope of injustice, the legal and judicial wrongs exposed in this book, would have made a better story.  But, even if you appreciated the movie, North Country, you need to read this story.  The truths it reveals about America's justice system demands that Class Action be a part of everyone's personal library
A world undone and another begun. During a recent trip to rural France, I was struck by the fact that every town, however small, had a stone memorial to its WWI dead, each with many names enscribed.  There is a reason for that and the reason is clearly explained in this book.  As you read "A World Undone", at first you are struck by the tremendous numbers of dead and wounded in each battle; 27 thousand killed here, 18 thousand there.  The carnage was unbeliveable.Why did this happen?  The author makes this clear in many ways, sorting out a complex situation and laying out the elements of unspeakable diaster.  If you read one book on WWI, this should be it.The causes of the conflict have always been obscure and complex, but this book explains the pre-war situation well and the forces, seemingly beyond control, that lead to the unstoppable clash of countries that were more alike each other than they were different.I do have a few gripes.  The war in the air is given short mention.  The submarine campaign gets more coverage, but not by much.  These two aspects of the war were not key to the outcome, but were important as they led to use of subs and aircraft in WWII, which were decisive.Another element missing is the motivation of the foot soldiers, who did most of the dying.  What caused them to hurl themselves against impregnable defenses again and again for no gain?All in all, a very logical, lucid account of a war with was anything but.
Good place to start. If you are new to DNS, DHCP, IIS, and WINS, buy this book.  It guides you step by step in setting up a intranet/internet server.  Other books  explain the  better but this book shows how all of them fit togather.  One down side is that the author does not go into much details
WHAT A  WONDERFUL BOOK!. This is one of those books that you look for, but seldom find. It is written so that it is easily read, easily understood, and easily absorbed. It is well researched, full of interesting facts and personal stories, and  never lets up the pace of delivering an interesting, informative and  educational narrative. I found it so much fun to read and understand, that  I finished the entire book in three days, then read it again to reap what I  might have missed the first time through.  The author did an outstanding  job of compiling and presenting complicated facts, dry figures, and  personal stories into one very interesting and fun narrative. I recommend  this book highly to anyone who wants to know every step of the race to  flight history in the United states from the Wright brothers, to space  exploration. The author managed to include almost every detail in this  history of flight that you could ever want to know and still keep the story  line from becoming boring, or slowing down once throughout the entire book.  This wonderful work would be worth twice the asking price. I am glad that I  found it, and am really glad that I now own it as part of my historical  collection
Fascinating and Disturbing -- Definitely Worth Reading. This book examines the American prison system in an interesting and critical light. Mr. Hallinan discusses a myriad of issues relating to prisons and prisoners, from mandatory minimum sentancing to prison privatization, to the prison building boom. He doesn't pretend to be objective, and the book is not simply a factual discussion, but also a narrative of the journey he experienced in the course of his research. For some, this may make it feel biased and therefore less appealing; I found, however, that this personal commentary made the statistics and factual discussions more interesting and meaningful. Going Up the River doesn't answer the important questions about the American prison system, but it does raise and discuss them -- something that needs to happen more often
Surprisingly easy and effective!. If you're like me, you aren't sure when you became old enough to wake up a little stiff and sore and are wondering if this is the age you should look into expensive mattresses, pillows, or therapy? And you're not THAT old? Or, you could stop wondering this and invest less than $12 and a few minutes each morning and evening following these simple yoga poses. I can't tell you enough how much better I feel after about a week of this.  The book is very attractively bound, easy to follow, and well worth it. I'm out of shape and it works - this is a great way to get active each day. I actually look forward to waking up and that has never, never been true. Try it!
One of the best books out there on C# 2005 and .NET 2.0. First I would like to start off saying that this book is far from boring (as I have seen mentioned in other reviews).  It's a book about programming!  How exciting can it be anyway?   This book really covers a LOT of material which starts off with an excellent overview of the .NET platform and the history that goes with it.  I've had no problems with the style of writing in this book and the material is presented very clearly and in a well-organized manner.  You can't expect a book covering all the information on the .NET platform and C# to be perfect and include everything you want it to include, however, this book is probably as close as a book could come.I am a professional Java developer and am expanding my horizons towards C# and .NET and this book is the best I've seen out there.  There are a lot of Microsoft Press books that are just plain horrible.  The book has a few errors here and there, but nothing major.  One can't possibly expect a book of such magnitude to not contain any errors.  I seriously recommend this book for an experienced developer (especially Java).  A beginner would probably have a bit of difficulty with this book because it is not intended for a beginner.  For core C# and core .NET, this is the book to own
Love it or hate it. My my my.  The hot and cold reviews that this book attracts are a reflection of why Sweeney claims to have written the book, I think.  For those who "support" the manner by which the U.S. ended the war that Japan started, Sweeney wanted to provide the record from one of the key players as the pilot of "Bock's Car," the plane that dropped the bomb on Nagasaki.  For those who oppose this bombing, he wanted to provide his perspective and argument.  My review of the book is from the perspective of someone who wanted to just understand the facts of the bombing missions, and who is interested in reading the firsthand account of such a moment in modern history.  I doubt that anyone's position on the bombings will be changed one bit by this book; it does, however, provide that eyewitness perspective of the missions, and it gives the reader some understanding of what it took for these controversial measures to have even been executed.  I found the book fascinating from that angle.  If you are interested in the big pro or con moral questions, I am not sure that this book is going to feed your desires
The guy's an expert. Mark Lewisohn has collected some great Beatles info that every fan should know. Every live performance, recording session, and even mixing dates are included here, in this fine publication. Belongs on everyone's Beatles bookshelf
Maze Crazy. Again for my son. He is a Maze Crazy kid and loved this one the best
General-interest colleges to colleges strong in media studies will want this. Two popular journalists - one investigative, the other working in radio and TV - provide a new book exposing propaganda which has replaced uncensored public communications in STATIC: GOVERNMENT LIARS, MEDIA CHEERLEADERS, AND THE PEOPLE WHO FIGHT BACK. Major media issues are revealed, myths and lies exposed, and stories of thwarted protestors presented to show how the American media has damaged democracy by distorting and hiding the truth. General-interest colleges to colleges strong in media studies will want this.Diane C. DonovanCalifornia Bookwatc
A Bit Like A 30's Serial. Frabato (Bardon) battles the Evil Lodge on the eve of WWII.  This book is written in a "Flash Gordon Vs. The Cosmic Meanies" style, further fractured through the services of a bad translator.  If this is Bardon in action, then imagine a scratchy sound track, really evil bad guys in black suits and top hats, and the ultimate good guys being Koot Hoomie and His Ascended  Masters gliding to the rescue on flying carpets.  Bardon's secretary wrote this one and I really believe she was planning to farm this script out to Fritz Lang. At most, quaint, at worst, a disappointment to anyone seeking enlightenment on the Hermetic front.
Not sure what he's trying for. If you read this book looking for ways that your product, company, or whatever could be marketed for wild success then you will be disappointed with Tipping Point.  Gladwell has some interesting anecdotal stories about a few products that he hammers on but it wasn't at all obvious how these unique tales could ever be duplicated.  He builds up a theory of things needing to be Sticky, which is fine, but that was the closest i felt he had to a generalized theory.  Anyway, the stories of the businesses he covers are intersting and he's a good writer so you are likely to enjoy the read none-the-less
I have two of his three books and..... .............I think he does a wonderful job at putting these works together.  The only bone I have a the moment is that Mr. Walsh tends to make all his victims heroes/saints/outstanding figures of society.  That cannot be true.  All victims are not saint-like. Conversely, the bad guys have no worthy trauma in their background. Cut and dried, bad is bad, no slack from Mr. Walsh.  I'm still thinking about that theory
The other side of silence... I have read this book, Mr. Moon's &quot;Divide and Quit&quot;, Mr. Khosla's work, &quot;Stern Reckoning&quot; amongst others on the subject of the Partition. Ms. Butalia's work is so saturated with her personal opinions and idealogy, that it almost ceases to be a work on history than the airing of one's thoughts and mindset. Almost a diatribe, if I may. I will agree with what john_galt_who has written. I think he has hit the nail on the head. I did not consider this book worth either the money or the time
needs perspective. One review says this book is "Part critical history, part personal memoir, part celebration, and part meditation." This is accurate - though some parts are larger than others. The critical history is very interesting - but the personal memoir, which dominates the book, is not. Gitlin has a lot of interesting and incisive things to say, but he dwells far too much on boring minutiae like who Tom Hayden's girlfriend was in different months
Could not get into this one. I felt that the writer tried too hard to be hip, cool and funny and because of this, it was difficult to read this book.  I found myself searching for the next "excruciatingly contrived hip, cool phrase"; thereby I wasn't concentrating on the storyline
A Coming of Age Story?. When I finished reading this book I really didn't know what to think of it.  While reading it I constantly felt like I was reading a trashy romance novel with all the explicitly sexual imagery and at other times I found myself wondering if the plot was going to go anywhere at all.  The book is described as being a coming of age story of two best friends, but I think it is just a teenage pornographic novel.  I probably won't read this book again and even though it was only two hundred pages long, I feel that my time was wasted on this unsatisfying book
Perfect Phrases for Setting Performance Goals. When I order this book, I thought I will get lots of ready-to-use "Goals" which I can esay to set my subordinate's Goals. But I am very disappoint. Lots of Goals listing in the books are actually the working items not goals. Like "Deposit completed backups...", "Schedule all planned shutdown...". Therefore this book help me to setup the work items of my subordinate not set the goals.Sa
PERHAPS DEAVER'S WORST BOOK?. Is this Deaver's worst book? I honestly don't know because I haven't read everything he's written. However, I can emphatically say this is the worst of his books I have read -- and I have read most.(...
Not the book that I thought it would be. This book was extremely disappointing.  A great volume of the book was filled with details about individuals who have an interest in cryptozoology.  Perhaps three names belonged in the book, if even that.  Some of these people do not belong in a cryptozoology book any more than I do.  Take away the sections on people pursuing bigfoot and other oddities and you are left with a scant book.  I have enjoyed the author's books in the past, but this book fell short
Typcial Tripe. Another attempt to "blame whitey" for all the ills of others.  Hey, who enslaved your people in the first place?  Answer that!  My answer to those who blame America for everything is the same regardless of race, color or creed:  America, Love it or Leave it!  JFK put things in perspective when he said, "Ask not what your country can do for you.  Ask rather what you can do for your country.  As hurricane Katrina showed, those who wait around and expect their government to save them are in for a big disappointment.  Those who heeded the warnings and got to higher ground are fine.  As tragic as it is, those who followed the advice and mindset of the author of this book, well many of them didn't make it.  A good slice of those that did showed their true colors during days of ugly anarchy - the video speaks for itself.  This author has a problem that when you saw whites looting a place they primarily came out with food and water and others took guns, electronics, etc.  The video doesn't lie - don't be too blind to see or too foolish to admit the truth
More of the Same. I was really excited about getting this book, after reading all the reviews. It appeared as if there was something new out there. Then I read it and I am truly disappointed. It really is more of the same. I have read these concepts over and over, time and time again in various books and in the varying schools of metaphysical teachings. Yes sometimes they work, yes sometimes they don't, even here with Bob's concepts, they still don't work some of the time, so what's new???The concepts seem to have been honed from varying resources, some which were very recognizeable,..especially the give me this or something better.I also was bothered by the author pointing one to watch the truman show and other outside materials for a better concept of what his book was supposed to be aimed at explaining to you. His grasp of the inner ceo also was very one dimentional, and I never did get a good feel for that. One would think if the book is based on working with your inner  "ceo", (better known to most who have been around the block, your higher self, or subconscious) and working the network,(better known as Jung's collective unconscious) you would first need a good feel for the inner "ceo" to begin with, I felt the author fell really flat there.I gave it one star for one reason, I had no other choice, and I suppose it is worthy of one star as there are some people, obviously from the reviews, that just haven't been exposed to the metaphysical concepts of life. All in all I suppose it is just another book, with another secret method, that if followed diligently step by step, you will succeed at manifesting your desires.....SOME of the time!!
mostly soldering. I do not solder so this book was not very helpful. If you can solder this book is excellent. I do wirework but with soldering required for most of the chains I have to return the book
Cheesy, corny, lame, hokey. What a terrible story, was unable to finish it, Stuart Woods was at one time a very good author, but when he started with Holly and Stone, he in effect quit writing, this is about a militant band of right wingers robbing banks and oh by the way just had to kill Holly's intended just an hour before the wedding which didn't seem to break Holly up all that much as she still has her best friend, her dog and her father which she has conversations with regarding three somes and their sex lives in general, Signet books and Stuart Woods should both be ashamed of themselves for putting this on the market.
Yuck!. Man, oh man, I think this is one of the worst books I've ever read.  If I could give The Thanatos Syndrome negative stars, I would!Seriously, half way through, I came to Amazon to see how bad other people thought it was.  Boy was I shocked to see that almost all of these reviews were positive!I found the book bizarre, unfocused and poorly written.  The volcabulary repeatedly seems misused.  The plot is not reasonable given the safeguards that US funding agencies have in place with regards to human experimentation.  The physics, engineering, psychology, medical chemistry and biology are uninformed and unrealistic.  Characters are introduced as though they will be important to the outcome, only to have them dissipate.  And so on.The characters don't even seem like real people.  For example, the main character recognizes his cousin by seeing her ankles - and only her ankles - flashing below a curtain, and yet he is apparently unaware of what degree of cousins they are.  How could someone know a person that well, but still only have a vague idea of how they were related by blood?  Or:  one of the more reliable male characters blows duck hunting calls at women he finds attractive - as though he really thinks this will attract them.  C'mon, if the guys a nut (and anyone who tries to seduce women by talking 'duck' to them is nuts!), write him as a nut the whole way through, don't make him the cornerstone of reliability at the book's climax!The book's title isn't even explained, for crying out loud.  Thanatos means death in Greek, I believe, but I could never understand what the author/editors/audience thought was dying.I won't read this one again, nor will I look for anything else by Percy Walker.
The control freak's bible!. I have given Skinner's book I star, because it was required to write a review. I consider its ideas dangerous - for the simple reason that it represents a frontal assault upon our ideas of freedom and human dignity.&#12288;Of course, Skinner doesn't see anything 'sinister' in his ideas. He simply takes it for granted that our notion that we have 'interior selves' and are autonomous (i.e. free agents) - is largely an illusion. In short, Skinner's argument (and it just that, not a statement of fact, as he would have us believe) - is that we are wholly determined in our lives by environmental factors, which is to say - 'conditioned' by forces outside ourselves.Skinner's argument, then, is that we might as well accept this and make the most of it. Rather than resisting the idea of conditioning, he thinks we should perfect it. In short, if there is nothing more than external conditioning and learned behaviour, then we might as well have social scientists maximising our potential to live with the learned behaviour.The fallacy of Skinner's argument, is that the notion of human freedom and dignity rests upon scientifically 'unprovable' or 'unverifiable' assertions. When we look, we cannot find a 'ghost in the machine' - and thus, we might as well accept the machine. But it is a facile argument. The fact that we cannot reduce our interior selves to a scientifically quantifiable formula, is the very reason why it remains of vital importance to human life. Its resistence to reductive, strictly empirical formulas, is what makes human nature special. Nobody sensible would deny that childhood experience is highly formative, or that certain genetic determinants are at work, or that empirically speaking, we are conditioned in our external lives. But we have no reason to suppose that these factors are ALL determining.Needless to say, Skinner's thinking was informed by wholly secular ideas of social and scientific progress - much as if we could get behind everything and 'push.' Paradoxically, Skinner never gave that much thought to who controls the controllers! Skinner wasn't thinking of anything like Soviet style dialectical materialism - but, if we wanted a graphic example of how things go painfully wrong by regimenting human nature and trying to educate people out of the idea that they have 'interior selves' - well, the failures of the Soviet Union (or Communist China) tell us all we need to know.I don't say this with any illusions that captalism and 'free markets' per se, are intrinsically more respectful of human freedom and dignity. Those values hinge upon something deeper, and without that, there is little to prevent a 'market oriented' society drifting into social controls and abuses of human nature, no less than those which drove the Soviet system.Ironically, some reviewers have adduced Buddhist teachings(i.e. the doctrine of anatman = no-self) as further confirmation of Skinner's ideas. But Buddhism only denies that there is a permanent self in the skandhas or aggregates - a materialistic self. In fact, the Buddha taught people to take refuge in the 'self' and the Dharma as an inner lamp. Buddhists do have 'interior' lives. Moreover, the Buddha accorded 'dignity' to human nature, or manusya- as the 'most noble of two footed beings.'It is not anyone else's business to define what we are - in any final or absolute sense. Those who would endeavour to do so are of the same mind as those who would patent the human genome,and plan on engineering an improved version of the human race in their laboratories. The chances are that those who would play 'God' will end up doing the devil (or Mara's) work. As the Rolling Stones song said: - "Hey - you! Get offa maa cloud! "
Utterly ridiculous - even for fiction. When yours truly was eleven and in Reading class, "Incident" was required reading.  This had to be the most ridiculous book that I ever had the displeasure of reading. I mean, the boy is cared for by a badger!  Badgers are mean and ornery critters that don't much like people or even their own kind.  I did not believe it at eleven, nor do I now.Also, Eckert certainly didn't need to include some of those descriptions.  Was it really necessary to describe a mother badger eating her offspring's excrement?  What eleven-year-old wants to read about that?So, for kids who like to read long descriptive passages about things they really didn't want to know about in the first place: this book's for you
Strengths and Weaknesses. The worksheets are helpful in applying what Malphurs has just covered. The book is loaded with practical hints and tips. The biggest drawback is that Malphurs relies too heavily on statistics that are questionable and cites some that contradict each other. By that I mean that he cites a statistic about 'Protestant' churches which includes Mormons and Jehovah's Witness. Instead I would recommend Stuart Murray's &quot;Church Planting: Laying Foundations&quot;
aes sedai are sooo boring. the first chapter was awesome... lan gearing up for a battle, there's suspense, there's a promise of action, i was excited to read more.  i'm halfway through the book now and it's been nothing since but morraine and siuan chapters... what is robert jordan's problem?  why spoil a great fantasy series with chapter after chapter of catty females, i don't understand why i still read this author
This books sucks. When is everyone going to learn - there is no such thing as a how-to-get-rich book.  The title for the book is a joke itself.  Trump and his editors were probably laughing all the way to the bank when they thought of the title.  Seriously, if anybody knows the secret on how to get rich, why would he tell you?  This book is nothing more than a ploy to get some extra dough by capitalizing on the success of The Apprentice.  There is so much white space in the book because there is not much writing in terms of quantity or quality!  The advice is so mundane.  Half of the book is memoirs of a week as Trump - boooring.  And I don't want to read about the show in the last chapter.  I cannot believe this book was published.  The writing stinks and there is even some typos.  Trump may produce quality buildings, but that cannot be said of his books
Reaching New Lows in True Crime Books. This book is all about Melanie Thernstrom, and not much about Bibi Lee.It's incredibly verbose, disjointed, and boring.  You could cut it down to a quarter of the size and probably not lose any essential facts.  But it would still be incredibly boring.While I sympathize with Melanie's loss of her friend, I find it amazing that she spent so much time on her own feelings, responses, actions, etc. during this time, and very little (and that little so chopped and flashback that your opinion of Bibi was not at all admiring) on her friend.Actually, by the first 60 pages, I had concluded that Bibi was  rude and a spoiled brat, and Melanie was a neurotic cry baby.  After that, I flipped through just to see if the boyfriend was guilty, and what the verdict was at the trial.I notice it's listed as something like $.21 used.  Don't waste your money
Hard to Believe this  Author Won a Booker Prize. I found this book entirely lame.  I am surprised that the same person who wrote Blind Assasin (Booker Prize) wrote this.  Most of the plot was left hanging in the air witih no explanation at all.  Sex scenes were fortuitous - thrown in where the timing required it.  I did not like the main character.  I don't think she learned anything from her adventures or grew as a person.  I see nothing at all to recommed this book.  Irritating from beginning to end
Garbage. Evolution is supported by mountains and mountains of documented, irrefutable evidence from educated, professional, intelligent people who have simply followed the course of where their research took them.  It's no longer about one guy who wrote one book in the mid-1800's.  Not any more.  Inform yourselves, people.  I challenge anyone reading this to actually investigate how much supporting research there is out there for evolution in science, in astronomy, biology geology and physics.  It's overwhelming.  Check out some web sites from some universities and research institutes to get an idea of how research is being done on evolution all over the world.  Do you think they're all in a conspiracy, and that they're just making it all up
Started strong, lost interest half way through. This book started really strong and started dying about half way through.  The first half flowed pretty nicely, the authors all had very close styles of writing that made it really enjoyable.  About half way through, one of the big characters just disappeared and became a minor one, the styles of writing changed, sex and violence suddenly were added in what seemed like a PG-rated book, and the flow of events suddenly changed and left you confused.  At the end, things seemed to make some sense, but at the same time your thinking "What?" Started strong, ended badly.  Too bad too, I really liked Booger
Beware - Not for Young Children. This book has been read to my child who is 3 years old.  Because of this book my chold has not been able to attend daycare for 2 weeks.  This book has made him scared of everything.  My son has always been very independent and now he won't do anything without someone there with him.  Because of this book it has turned our very relaxed independent child into a very scared and paranoid child
Not up to the usual high standards. The thrilling mystery story that we have come to expect from Anne Perry takes a new twist in this book. Perhaps inspired by true events in 1898 Vienna, where three persons died of plague, this is not so much a story of crime but of survival.Unfortunately other qualitites that we have also come to expect from this author, like sound research and verisimilitude, are absent here. There are glaring gaps in logic, occasional sloppy proofing, and, at least as I understand the nature of plague, serious factual mistakes. This is too bad, since the story could have been a fitting installment in the quest of the protagonists for social improvement in mid-19th century London.As it is, the book gave me the impression that perhaps Anne Perry has currently too many irons in the fire and no longer spends enough time on the kind of careful work that characterized her earlier novels
Oh, John Steinbeck, why?. John Steinbeck is one of my favorite authors. I love Of Mice And Men, East of Eden, and The Grapes Of Wrath. But this 4-part story of a a boy and a horse (which isn't even about the horse that much) is pointless drivel. I'll admit, I liked the first part of it, which is great and good enough to warrant two stars. The rest of it feels disjointed. I couldn't wait to get done with it.It isn't a terrible book, but it isn't good at all. It's below average, and below average is not what I expect from the writer of Of Mice And Men
If it looks like a lemon and it tastes like a lemon ... Sad to say, I to agree with the previous reviewer - this book is a real disappointment.Of course the title is incredibly vague, and is in one sense entirely true even if the authors merely mention both storytelling and organizations in passing.  They don't - in order to justify this title - have to tell us anything at all ABOUT storytelling or organizations.  Though having said that, I suspect that the title will lead most people to EXPECT to learn something about the use of storytelling in organisations, the what, the when, the why and the how.Unfortunately, as the previous reviewer comments, only one of the four authors comes anywhere near meeting these expectations.The book, which comes in at just under 200 pages - just under 180 if you ignore the index, the potted biographies and the "Further Reading" list - is divided into just six chapters.Chapter 1 consists of 4 descriptions of "How I came to Storytelling" - one by each author.Chapters 2-5 inclusive are each allocated to a different author and consist, as far as I can tell, of (a) the transcript of the person's presentation at a conference on storytelling held in  2001, followed by the author's "reflections" approximately four years later.Chapter 6 is a "wrap up" chapter by Steve Denning on "The Role of Narrative in Organizations."First problem - the way someone talks in a presentation should be quite different from the way they write the same information.  Apart from anything else, repetition is useful and necessary in a presentation - it can be boring and frustrating in a written text.  And that is certainly the case throughout most of this book.Second problem - although the authors occasionally mention what one of their co-authors has said/written, the text doesn't link up particularly well.  Indeed, there seems to be a remarkable lack of agreement as to what this book is about.  Maybe the title wasn't dreamed up until after all the draft manuscripts were in?In Chapter 2, Larry Prusak appears to be talking and writing about business communications in general - and Larry Prusak.  He certainly mentions "story" from time to time, but only a couple of days after reading his chapter I couldn't for the life of me remember anything that struck me as being the least bit significant about it.Chapter 3, by John Seely Brown, likewise deals with business communications, though he does get as close to storytelling as the proverbial exchanges of information around the water cooler and the mobile phone equivalent.  Whilst this is certainly valid, to still be making it a key point in a chapter on storytelling in 2004 seems extremely "old hat."  Again, the chapter made no lasting impression as far as I was concerned.Chapter 4, Steve Denning's initial chapter, was the first to actually address "storytelling," as such, IMO.  It certainly contains a few interesting pieces of information and some helpful examples, and if it had been supported by chapters of a similar calibre from Denning's co-authors then I'd be giving the book a 4 star rating at least.By itself, however, even when taken in conjunction with the wrap up chapter, Denning's contributions aren't enough to save the book, as a whole, from being thoroughly mediocre.Just for completeness, Chapter 5, by Katalina Groh, seems to be primarily a major excercise in blowing a trumpet for her own film company.  Although she does make two or three important comments on storytelling, there is just so much repetition and waffle in this chapter that the good stuff is quickly buried by the dross.Perhaps the most remarkable aspect of the book is how little any of the authors - including Denning - seemed to understand about "how" to tell stories - which is maybe why that topic receives such scant coverage.For example, at one point Denning comments on his idea as to why storytelling is more effective as a way of conveying information compared with a simple presentation of facts and figures.  The crux of the matter, he tells us, on page 170, is that:"We remember what is in a story because our feelings are reached and because the listener becomes personally involved with the story."Well, that's open to discussion.  Not all stories automatically inspire a particularly emotional response, yet even then stories tend to be more easily remembered than plain facts and figures.Why?Because information is more easily remembered when it has a clear framework which makes it a coherent whole.In storytelling the story itself is the framework.  A list of facts and figures only becomes a whole if (a) a framework is provided along with the information, or (b) the listener already knows the context in detail, and/or (c) the listener is in any case used to receiving and dealing with information presented in this format.Overall, a very underpowered and unsatifactory book.
The most disappointing book in the series... When this book first came out, I thought it would be great. I was very disappointed by the brevity and superficial coverage of the chapters. This book, in order to be a truly comprehensive reference, should have been three times as big. This is the first time that a new edition is actually less useful than an older edition (Fowler 2 is a lot better!). The quality of chapters is very variable, with some being excellent and some flat out atrocious. (The crocodilian chapter is the best example of a "lacking" chapter). There are also a lot of typos (different spelling for some drug names) and inaccurate doses, which is disappointing. There are a lot of tables that are neither user-friendly nor clinically useful. However, this is one place to start with reference material to zoo animal species. It is not as nice as Fowler #2, but certainly more up to date and easier to acquire. It just has a "draft form" feel to it in content and editing. The book seems to be printed in a cheap quality paper that rips way too easily
Don't waste your money. Should be printed on toilet paper so you can use it
Dreadful. Alexander Pope was not of the Romantic period, and any book that thinks he was can be no guide to a GRE Subject Test.  This alleged prep text splits hair in nanometers over interpretive questions, asks for identification of the most obscure passages, and frequently explains why B was the right answer, and why A, C, and D were wrong, but leaves that status of E wholly to the realm of mystery.  The practice test sent out with the GRE registration is different in scope, clarity, and difficulty.  I actually tore out a chunk of this book with my teeth in frustration.  Don't buy this book.  Don't even steal it.  Spend the money on deluging the publisher with demands to remove it from the shelves and issue written apologies to anyone who ever suffered themselves to use it
WHAT????. I was so disappointed in this book. I found it very hard to believe that Jonathan Kellerman actually wrote this book. I found it downright corny the way Alex Delaware was playing ace detective and kept just happening to be at the right place at the right time. The book seemed to have no &quot;story&quot; to it, as his always do. I got very bored reading one and a half pages of descriptions of what people were wearing, how their hair looked and on and on. I always enjoyed Kellerman's breif descriptions of people and places, but once again, this became downright corny.  I'm glad this was not my first Kellerman book, as I probably wouldn't try another one. I'm a dedicated reader of his and hope that this was just a fluke. Everyone's entitled to one bad book. Hope that was his first and last
Is Acid Really the Cause of Our Problems?. I have read this book and I do not agree with it.  Certainly eating vegetables is a good way to go and will help you lose weight- no doubt about it!However, the author cites acid as the cause of all of our ills and diseases.  Let us take a good look at that.  Ascorbic Acid, you know Vitamin C, which is said to be the closest thing to cure the common cold.  Guess what that is an acid.Linaus Pauling, a real doctor, not one that got his degree online at some school that he can not reveal, used to take up to 15,000 mgs a day of ascorbic acid (over 200 times what Centrum has).  Did it kill him, no he lived into his nineties, over twenty years longer than the average man.  So much for acid being bad.And the stomach what is that composed of?  HCL, Hydrochloric acid, and if it did not, you would not be able to digest your food.  Also that acid, destroys bad bacteria, parasites and yeast.In addition to this there are other acids which we need to survive on, such as Amino Acids, which are in every protein you eat.  Also I am sure you heard of Essential Fatty Acids, Omega 3's.  Scientists will tell you they are some of the best things to eat, and are essential to the body.  Still think acids are bad?The bottom line is the authors credentials are dubious at best, and he should have stuck to what is true in his book.  That is that vegetables are the best thing for you and will help you lose weight and get healthier
Beginner Book. Before I get to the subject matter, I must say that this book definitely should have been edited much better. There are small, but distracting mistakes quite often. Secondly, the way this college professor cites his sources is disappointing. It is difficult to find where he gets what from unless he comes out and says the author's name in the text, which is not incredibly often. If his "Titles for further reading" in the back is his bibliography, 17 sources from the same publisher? I agree with one of the other reviews. There is not much here that I haven't heard already. It is a wonderful book for beginners who have no clue what masons say about their own organization or if one wants masonic gossip. Personally I would have enjoyed a more balanced book.  Why not get perspectives from those masons who have quit the order? Instead of spending gross amounts of time on telling us names of people who were masons and showing us small insignificant branches, why not ellaborate on groups like the illuminati? Thats a pretty major group not even touched.  It might be more controversial? This book pits the gossip of ages against what well-rehearsed masons say about it. It doesn't give any well-thought-out arguments against masonry any real heed. It would just be nice to get an honest discourse instead of this off kilter type of research
The confusing guide to sprouting. Full of confusing ideas, all scattered information, guides to nowhere. The auther tries to be witty and funny, but his jokes are nothing but  disgusting
A Disappointing Mess. I picked up the first book in this series (The Eyre Affair) based purely on its premise and was left somewhat underwhelmed. Still, the potential for the series seemed so large that I went ahead and read this second one too, only to be even less enchanted with the franchise. This is a pure sequel, and any newcomers are advised to read the misadventures of Thursday Next is strict order, lest one miss out of allusions to past events. Although... on further consideration, maybe it doesn't matter, since clearly anything can and will happen in this series, and Fforde isn't all that interested in keeping to a linear plotline anyway.The setting is the same as the first book, an alternate mid-1980s England in which literature is the preeminent social preoccupation. Fresh off the events of "The Eyre Affair", Thursday Next (a police officer specializing in literature related crimes, such as first-edition forgeries, valuable manuscript thefts, and the like) is gritting her teeth through a new round of fame as the woman who saved Jane Eyre (and changed the ending for the better), when all she wants to do is cuddle up at home with her new husband Landen. Unfortunately, the evil Goliath Corporation has managed to use a corrupt member of the Chronogaurd (timestream police) to delete Landen from this timeline and are holding his existence hostage. In the first book Thursday imprisoned one of their top men inside Poe's "The Raven", and it seems they want him back.This a potentially interesting plot, but it keeps get lost amidst all the other things Fforde throws into the mix. Most notable are a series of strange coincidences which keep coming close to killing Thursday (and are also linked to events in the first book). Another plotline concerns the discovery of a "lost" Shakespeare play, which looks to be the most important literary event of the century, if Thursday can authenticate it. There's also the small matter of Thursday's pregnancy. And just when one is comfortable with Thursday's role as a "SpecOps Litratech", and that whole milieu, she's thrown into an entirely new one as a member of "Jurisfiction", a kind of police comprised of book characters who move around in different literary works and maintain order... Finally, her father pops up to inform her that something in the timestream has gone wrong and the entire world is going to be turned into a mass of pink sludge in a few days unless he can figure it out, and can she help him. Phew!I've probably missed one or two elements, but you get the idea. Fforde is just brimming with nifty ideas, but the shame of it is that he can't stop and give any of them the attention they deserve. It's impossible to get invested in any of the plotlines when you know he's just going to move on to something else in a few pages, and it's impossible to care about the characters when their existence is utterly malleable, as is time and place. I suppose it's all meant to be puckish good fun, but the overall effect is more an attention deficit disorder Nancy Drew heroine meets a poor-man's Douglas Adams. The book has its occasional moments, but the humor is far too broad and unsubtle, and there's absolutely no narrative tension. All the literary in jokes in the world can't save this shambling wreck, and I don't think I'll be moving on to the next book.
Goes back and forth between pathetic and funny. Too much of the former. I don't for a second believe that Burroughs is telling the truth about his life -- but I gobbled up his other books anyway.  He's funny and there's something endearing about the way he writes -- yes he's gay, and yes that necessarily "colors" his worldview -- but talking about a job you hate, a family you loathe, and a partner who amazingly tolerates you are necessarily universal.That said, he lapses here.  This isn't as approachable a book and the narrator is isn't so much funny as he is unlikeable.  By turns smug and arrogant, too much of this feels self-indulgent.  Chafingly, distractingly so
Overly simplistic.. Barber's analysis ignores important facts in order to prove his thesis about how the primary battle in the world being between the free market and religious fundamentalism. It works, somewhat, but fails to take into account numerous instances where this tension is called into question. Not every zealot in the world is an enemy of technology, as the War in Iraq has shown us.
Another American myth. I haven't actually read the book, but the title says it all...the author doesn't understand economics!Wealth is made by the ingenuity of the people who seek to produce better goods and services that would satisfy consumer demand.Ingenuity is sadly lacking in China, now, or ever. Look at any Chinese invention, and see its real development only when the Europeans got hold of it, from razor blades to paper money.Not convinced, look at patent production in China. It is eclipsed by most US states or European nations.Sorry, no sale
Weak book. This is a bubble gum type of book that does not teach anything about making money on the markets. It is a platform to sell Investor Business Daily services. If you want to learn trading look for articles written by Toby Crabel or Arthur Merrill, even Linda Raschke. They are full time professional money managers that happend to write few articles... some of them you can probably find on Ebay for cheaper...
Basic statistics mistakes abound, a lot in the book is based on errorneous calculations. I can't tell if this book is good guide for investing or not, but it lacks in a very important respect - mathematical credibility. Some of very basic statistics examples are just plain wrong, and with major consequences.The first red flag was the error labeling the Y-axis in the probability distribution figure on page 8. This is labeled "Probability [%]", while any statistician could tell you that this is "Probability density", and in this particular case it is not measured in percents, but is a dimensionless [%/%] value.  Ok, this may be an attempt of oversimplification since the book is clearly intended for general non-technical audience.However, this made me look back to page 3, where an example is given for calculating the expected annual return in a simple coin-toss scenario. At the time when I was reading it, I thought there is something fishy in this calculation but couldn't quite put my finger on it.  Checking more carefully I found that I was right - when all four cases are considered, the annual return comes out to be neat 10%, and not the 8.17% calculated by Mr. Bernstein.Well, that might be just another small mistake - these things do happen, I thought.When I got to page 30, however, I found another version of the same coin-toss scenario, this time with a little complication (tossing two coins, instead of one).  The same incorrect method of calculating the expected annual return was used by Mr. Bernstein, giving value of 9.08%, as compared to the real value of 10%.Just another minor error?  Absolutely not!  Because the author uses the two [wrong] values of 8.17% and 9.08% to argue that similar cases will increased expected return (see the note in p.30). A lot in the rest of the book is based on this assumption.I'm not an economist.  Maybe this book have some real value in it. All I know is that Mr. Bernstein got wrong even the very basic statistics, and used this wrong results to prove some "basic principle".  And this principle is laying in the base of his theory.If the simplest math is messed up, what are the chances that the far more complex calculations involved in the rest of the book were done properly?  There we don't get any information on what method was used for calculation, nor we get any data sets so we can check it.  I wouldn't bet my money on it!I forced myself to get to page 60-something.  It doesn't get any better.  Yes, it sounds good, it sounds convincing.  But there are more and more tiny mistakes, scattered in the text, that leave the impression that the author attended a basic statistics class, learned some terminology, got some ideas (many he got wrong), and set out to write a book, thinking he is an expert.  Believe me, any reasonably bright college student will do far better.My marks for the book are:- Investment ideas quality:  UNKNOWN- Math reasoning quality: ZER
Big if you read at a 5th Grade level. Building Big reminds me of a book I owned as a boy called &quot;How do they build it?&quot; Slick pictures of giraffes and elephants building dams and skyscrapers. This book isn't much different. Skinny on the details, full of colorful pictures you might get from Maurice Sendak with a lobotomy. In other words, I'm dissapointed that a subject of such scope has been slighted here
Flat and Flippant. Hugh Farnham is a blue-collar survivalist who likes to play Bridge.  His college-age daughter Karen, her friend Barbara, his lawyer son Duke, his alcoholic wife Grace, and house servant Joe are playing cards at his house the night the bombs hit.  Everyone scrambles to safety inside Hugh's modern bomb shelter.As the bombs fall and his wife is passed out, Hugh starts up an affair with his daughter's friend Barbara, right in the shelter.  As if Hugh's shallowness and arrogance wasn't enough to turn you against the protagonist, this nauseating little scene will.When the shakes and quakes finally end, the family pours from the shelter to find themselves in an impossible, pristine, clean world.  At first glance, it looks like utopia, but then as they settle into a rustic lifestyle they are suddenly set upon by an advanced race, imprisoned, and brought into a vastly different culture as slaves.  Somehow, Hugh needs to find a way to break free of the civilization they are trapped in, so that he can be free with Barbara.Of all the Apocalypse Fiction, this book is the worst.  The protagonist is so lowbrow, so arrogant, so unlikable, so self-centered, so shallow, so immoral that he simply cannot capture any interest.  He's not even a "love to hate" person.The dialogue is flatly emotionless and yet irritatingly flippant, and Barbara and Hugh's constant prattlings of "Darling, Dear, and Beloved" do not fit the characters.  Neither does Hugh's occasional spouting of words like "shall" and "shan't" along with racial diatribes that include heavy use of the "N" word.There is little emotion from these one-dimensional characters even though they face the death of Hugh's daughter and Barbara's friend Karen, cannibalism, castration (Hugh cared more about his "boys" than he did his real children), pedophilia, racism, and $exual slavery, they show no more feeling than they would biting into a doughnut.The entire plot-over-plot had a contrived and vapid feeling to it, as if the author himself didn't quite believe his story.  And if he doesn't believe, how can he expect the reader to?Overall, there is no depth or flavor in this story at all, other than the ugly aftertaste of a musty trailer park visit in the dusty twilight, as old men drink cheap stinking whiskey and the wind blows over the city dump next door.  I recommend avoiding this book.
Is is a book?. I was expencting a book the same size as the book by Lee Strobel The Case for Christ.  This is only a pocket sized book, and only exerpts from The case for Christ.  I feel totally ripped off.  I won't buy another book at this site
Poor Richard. As I was dozing off lightly while reading this book, I thought I sensed a fleeting glimpse of Richard Bach's editor. &quot;Richard&quot;, I thought I heard her say, &quot;We haven't had a book from you in five years and your contract says you owe us one more by the end of 2000.&quot;  What happened next I truly must have dreamed, but I almost thought I heard Richard respond that he had something in the attic he had started, maybe they could just publish the first few chapters and call it a book..
Off of my shelf a book that chills... I think I never want to seeAnother stanza by A.E.I pity now the friends of Terence,And eke his siblings, pets and parents.For oh, good Lord the verse he made--Too grim and too much in the shade:The doomstruck lad, the Severn missed,The Ludlow fair where he got pissed,The London blues, the snow-hung orchard,Young life cut short in syntax tortured,And favorite of all his themes,The Shropshire schoolboy's martial dreams.Brave verse to stop a soldier shirkingBy one whose work was patent-clerking."Stand up, be brave, lad, if you please,So poets here may live at ease."And we shall rhyme and wring our handsWhen you're cashiered in distant lands.For really, 'tis not bad, the grave--No care, no pain, no need to shave."So blah blah blah by Severnside,And good for you, young suicide."Well, he's dead too, now, old A.E.Arrived where he most longed to be.What's done is done, some good, much bad,But still he toils, this Shropshire lad,Producing yet from under plowSome wholesome food for Shropshire cow
I didn't like this book at all. This author leaves so many unanswered questions.  The cover should have had a picture of Fabio on it, and Barbara Cartland co-author it - the heroine got her man!  I have suffered from an eating disorder for almost 20 years, and my therapist recommended it to me.  Sure it is comforting to know that there are others who feel the way I do, but just because one suffers from an eating disorder does not automatically mean that one should write a book about it.  It certainly didn't give me any insight into my illness, nor did it provide me with any hope
breaking through. ANTHONY JOHNSTONJAN. 11, 2007"BREAKING THROUGH"   BOOK  REVIEWThe book is "Breaking Through"   and the author is Francisco Jimenez. The main person in the book is the author. It is a true story. He has a mom, dad and brother. His brother's name is Roberto. I thought it would be a good book because the first sentence was "I lived in constant fear for ten long years."You shouldn't read this book because there are a lot of Spanish words. The book is very long. It has 195 pages in the book. The Spanish words are very hard to read and you can't understand them.The characters were papa, mama; Roberto and Francisco. They live on a farm or tent. Papa and mama are the mom and dad. Roberto is the brother. Francisco is the author and character in the book.There are pictures of the author in the back of the book. The Jimenez's lived on a farm or tent. They grew up poor in America. They lived in a tent in America.This book is very hard to read and it's long. The whole book is Francisco's life. I'd liked to sum up by saying I still don't like the book because I couldn't understand the words. In less you like reading Spanish you shouldn't read this book.
Aftermath : A Novel of Suspence. This is the longest 466 page book that I have ever read.  The the Holy Bible is a quicker read. It was the first Peter Robinson book that I've read and undoubtedly the last.  Stephen King must have been paied handsomly to sing the praises of the Alan Banks series.  I can't believe that a book of this calibur was even publised in such an overloaded genre. In the words of Simon Cowell, &quot;this book was absolutly deadfull.&quot
Flat and uninspiring history of a great city. The book attempts to be more that an architectural history and fails miserably.  They tried to use architecture as a way of intertwining the political and social history of the city.  Needless to say, this type of  scope is best in the capable hands of Robert Caro.  In addition to the  wooden text, the photographs, while rare, are uninspiring.  The publisher  produced a well-bounded book, so the most useful place for it would be on a  coffee table
I didn't like it. No color pictures, it has black/white &quot;drawn&quot; pictures, but the information about each plant has a lot of detail
A thought-provoking counterpoint. I strongly encourage the thoughtful reader to consider this book alongside any of the sloppily-produced, poorly-edited, "these people are attempting to destroy our country" books produced by the far Christian right, for they are of exactly the same genre, and are born of the same unsympathetic fear of the other.The authors apparently have no interest in understanding the lives and motivations of those whom they condemn; instead we find sweeping descriptions of the destructive intent and power of "Fundamentalists," in which the most extreme criminal acts are held up as representative and on to which are tacked -- an apparent afterthought -- half-hearted disclaimers that maybe this doesn't describe all Christians. The resemblance to similar books decrying the insidious plots of "secular humanists" is really quite uncanny.This is not to say that the book doesn't contain some useful data and interesting opinions, but the wheat is so buried in a chaff of wild generalizations, unfounded conclusions, and outright factual errors, all couched in prose that often rivals the worst undergraduate essay, that the reader is left not knowing what to trust and what to discard.This book will meet the needs of those who already believe that all conservative Christians are poorly-educated, sexually-repressed conspirators in a plot to overthrow democracy -- it will not unduly challenge your preconceptions. However, it contributes little to the genuine conversation and understanding that will be required to bridge the divide that such demonizing rhetoric has planted between people of good will on both ends of the political spectrum.  If you're looking for a book that honestly represents the fundamentalist perspective, let this pass
SAME EXACT BOOK DIFFERENT COVER. I ordered two Kitchen Books. Great Kitchens: Design Ideas from Top Chefs AND Great Kitchens: At Home with Top American Chefs. GUESS WHAT? Same book. That is why I gave it a low rating. I feel I was Dooped. Of course, I sent the book right back but why change the cover photo and title?  I could find nowhere that is said they are the same book. I did not need the aggrevation so beware
Author ran out of relevant material. The title of the book held great potential.  The first half of the publication was okay, however, from there on the author appears to have run out of interesting things so say.  It just became run of the mill text.   Some authors do that, you know.  Stuff a book with more text than is  needed.  This is the case here.  I did not give it a very good rating and I  recommend you do not buy it
Sardonic putdowns ruin the content of this book. I bought this book thinking it would guide me to fun and funky places to visit that were off the beaten track.  Instead, it seemed to be more of an excuse to mock the very places it purported to be interested in.  The topper was when Roadside America described the Aviation Museum in Ohio as if it were a joke, when in fact it is a memorable and inspiring museum.  Overall, I didn't enjoy the tone of the book, which to me, seemed to be one of derisive put-downs.  I think many of the places described in this book would be fun to visit, but it's hard to pick out the good from the bad, with the way this book is written
loose sprockets on cassettes. I was disappointed with my purchase.   The first two tapes in the series were fine, but when I inserted the 3rd tape into my machine the tape started feeding out the front of the machine.  I checked the tape and the wheels or sprockets they were wound on were loose and free floating inside the plastic casing.  I, then examined the other remaining cassettes and 4 of the 8 had the same problem.  I wonder if these products were seconds or something?  I would not order from this vendor again because it could have ruined my machine and because it is a hassle to have to return merchandise in today's busy work world.
Utter disappointment. Being a fan of such authors as J.R.R. Tolkien, H.G. Wells, and C.S. Lewis, I figured I'd try and broaden my horizons by reading a book about the American West, a sort of historical fiction that might be entertaining.I did some research and Cormac McCarthy seemed to be the author to start with.  He got very good reviews (from this site and professional critics).  I find it amazing that he received such great reviews... this book failed to impress me in the slightest bit.  The book seemed to fly away from the plot for a while and suddenly, unexpectedly return to it.  I have never read a book like that before.  After completing this book I had found out more about the life of a prostitute than I ever wanted to know and also I received a free lesson in swearing.  I understand that it was custom in the West to swear, and dealings with prostitutes was common, but I think McCarthy went over the top.  This made it uninteresting and redundant.  Then there was the fact that he rarely used punctuation other than periods, question marks, and exclamation marks.  I did not see a single quotation mark and the word "and" was excessevely overused due to the exclusion of commas.  Dialogue was at times hard to follow and seemingly run-on sentences were monotonous.  After reading this book I also felt ignorant being uneducated in the Spanish language.  Much of the dialogue I could not understand in the least bit.  There were entire conversations written exclusively in Spanish at times when it seemed relevant.  I felt like I missed a lot of important information in the story.I did find that at time McCarthy did use some beautifully crafted language but the formerly mentioned factors left a very bad impression on me.  I don't suppose I'll ever read a book by Cormac McCarthy again
a sad end. i was as engrossed in the characers of Liath and Sanglant as i was in Darcy and Elizabeth. the first six books were filled with up-all-night story lines and fascinating characters we want to hear more and more about.i should have realized where this was going when the author began killing off interesting characters with the death of the count of Lavas.the list of causualties grows until by the end of COS all the main and secondary characters are dead except Blessing and an aged Baldwin. many fascinating plots and subplots, previously dwelt on in loving detail, reach a quick, untimely demise along with the participants. why did she bring these subplots up in the first place only to shortly kill off the characters without resolving any  of the issues she had spent so many pages constructing?in summary,the ending of the series is a real letdown. characters do not get their just rewards in this series. in elliottt's world the fates of the three main characters are quite depressing.  alain is doomed to impoverished solo wandering until he dies. sanglant and liath,the passionate, entrancing lovers , are mentioned in passing as having passed. while all this may tie in with the harsh realities of medieval europe, this is a fantasy series.i would have preferred to leave these characters as we left Darcy and Elizabeth-forever young,thier fates happily resolved
Confused Bio. This biography on the Wrights is a confused mess.  Adams tells the story by visitng locations where the Wrights made history, but during these travels we learn more about his modern day random encounters than what the Wrights actually did there.  Adams goes on for pages about capturing moths, a boy and his heroic dog, and other such tales which have nothing to do with the Wrights.This biography also neglects describe the Wrights childhood and what might have made them the brilliant engineers they became.  The book really focuses on everything after the Kitty Hawk flight.  This is its biggest strength in describing how they traveled the world to show everyone their flying machine, including moments of triumph and tragedy.The book finds down by focussing on the Wrights' sisters love affair.  I got the feeling that the author felt their needed to be a romance somewhere in the book, and since the Wrights were more focussed on machines than women that he needed to waste our time with this barely relevant affair
Structurally unsound, clich ridden, an obvious trajectory. Cold Mountain is an unfortunate novel.  It is unfortunate it won the National Book award (why did it win?).  The novel has an unfortunate structure; Fraser simply strings along one incident after another, with little connecting thread.  The weight of flashbacks alone drags the novel to the ground (and it hardly gets off the ground in the first place!)  There are glaring anachronisms.  It is difficult to believe that some of the sentiments he puts in his characters mouths could have been uttered in 1864.  This is a forgivable sin, if the novel is well written, if it rises about the banal, if it offers something more than surface.  But this novel is all surfaces and all banality.  Its publication is indicative of some of the pathology of today's publishing world (this will be a BIG novel, this will become a BIGGER film, which will sell more of this BIG novel).  Too bad for us the novel does not justify the claims of its promoters.  Fraser's eight million dollar advance for his next work is probably a clarion signal of another BIG novel to come
you get more organized info reading forums. The pages from the book to view on Amazon misrepresent the book, as well as the title. It is a disorganized collection of pieces without any common point. I am sorry I bought it and spent time on it.
the world of the witches. this book gives an overview of witchcraft in many forms and how it has been viewed over the centuries by differing religius sects. a long read but good to balance out the positive and negative views of outsiders to the craft
not very useful. The most valuable thing I learn is from another book: rent a multi-family vacation house with my friends, 16 people for $199 a day. We all enjoy the stay at a luxury emerald island resort. check this out: http://www.cyberrentals.com/index.cfm/property/12668
Unless you're rich, don't bother with this one!. All I wanted was some simple instruction on how to build good, strong stalls. Not only did the (very) small section on stalls provide no plans or construction techniques (a pretty important component in any horse-housing structure), this book didn't even tell me what kind of wood I should use. Sure, it's pretty and slick, but unless you're willing to re-mortgage your house to build anything in this book, then don't bother with it. It's OK for a general overview of things, but doesn't get very specific at all. I returned it immediately
Dated novel that doesn't ring true on any level. I can accept that this book was a classic in its day and obviously you had to be there then to appreciate its shock value at the time.  However, great literature should transcend the time that it was written in and should reach out and speak to future generations.  There are plenty of novels from that era that do just that but The Man With The Golden Arm is not one of them.  It is ponderous, turgid and lacks any sense of urgency and desperation that its central theme - heroin addiction - should necessitate.  Situations and relationships are one-dimensional and cardboard-cutout-like rendering them thoroughly implausible.  However, the real failure of this novel is in it's dreadfully antiquated 'hip speech', a failed attempt on the part of Algren to capture the street lingo of the time.  Trying to capture speech patterns in print is a delicate task that needs to be executed with skill and precision for it to work, neither qualities which seem apparent here.  Instead, it sounds false and clumsy, making the novel unnecessarily difficult to read.Bottom Line:  If you're looking for an accurate depiction of drug addiction in '50s America, you won't find it here.
Uniformly Bland. A uniformly bland book.  The author says in 11 chapters what could easily be said in a couple of paragraphs.  And then, in the final chapter, he completely loses it and embarks on some sort of ridiculous diatribe against AI research.  He displays an amazing degree of animosity towards those involved in this field of research, some of which he names personally.  There are many far better books on usability available from Amazon.com, forget this one.  What can I say, Leonardo would dismiss him as a fool
Stick with the original. I grew up reading the Chip Hilton books and loved every one of them.  A few years back, Claire Bee's daughter and her husband decided to bring them back, which was a great idea.  Unfortunately, they also decided to update the books.If you want a great sports book for kids, find the original versions of these books and read them, instead of these updated versions.  You can tell the originals from the fakes by looking at the author's name on each book.  The originals were written by Claire Bee, the fakes are by him, his daughter and others.One of the things I always enjoyed about the books was that they were written at a time when the rules in sports were quite a bit different than they are today.  In football, for example, if the other team scored you had a choice between having them kick off to you, or you kicking off to them.  The strategies and formations were a lot different too, and of course back in those days people still talked about good sportsmanship and it was important.The updated books don't make much sense, since they are still using the old strategies and rules, but the books are set in modern times
Mean and Bitter Tone Throughout. Before reading this book, I was extremely cautious to avoid any information/review which might spoil and prejudice my opinion.  In that I was successful.It had been a while since reading the other four books, so they were not on my mind and in fact I worried about forgetting minor plot points and whether that would affect my enjoyment.I needn't have worried.  There was nothing enjoyable about Mostly Harmless.  I was overwhelmed by a sense of bitterness coming from the prose, found myself wondering, "Does he even *like* these characters?"It struck me as the work of a man who hated what he was doing and wanted to kill it in the most complete and irrevocable way possible.Two stars for occassional flashes of the non-bitter Adams
Sub Par Performance, Desperation Better. First off, Desperation and The Regulators is not the same story. Yes certain characters are used, (some in name only) but that's all apart of the pun involved. The Regulators is supposedly the discovered manuscript of Richard Bachman, about an evil entity named Tak, who telepathically terrorizes a small suburban Ohio town through the use of a child's television heroes. Desperation, on the other hand, is about a mistakenly discovered tommyknocker, (not to be confused with the SK novel by the same name) who can manipulate and posses other living beings in the fictitious town of Desperation, NV. (Tak is also the antagonist in this prose.)Without rehashing the synopsis of either book, this Stephen King fan enjoyed Desperation to a higher degree than The Regulators. In my opinion, the latter seems more of an extended short story and at no time did I find myself even remotely attached to any character presented in the material. Desperation however, was a more enjoyable read with a deeper plot line and thoroughly developed characters. If you happen to read The Regulators before Desperation don't fret. Neither book is in any kind of sequential order. Read one and think of the other as some sort of parallel universe.
Wigged Out at 12. I was assigned to read The Bumblebee Flies Anyway for class in 7th grade. And I have loathed it ever since. As I am now in college, it is difficult for me to remember specific details, but I will try to define why Barney and I never got along.There was something tremendously fishy about the entire premise to begin with (a voluntary patient at a hospital for the terminally ill?). I was unable to like any of the characters, save perhaps Mazzo, one of the only somewhat honest characters in the book. I deplore the symbolism and sentiment behind the premise of 'going out with a bang'. I cannot abide people who lie to themselves, no matter the circumstances.And let us not forget the irony. The very, VERY twisted irony with which TBBFA ends with.I'm afraid to say too much, and so I am afraid that I am being too vague.There are some books that, although I couldn't stand them, I believe they should be read, such as Lord of the Flies. But TBBFA was merely another enforced exercise in 'make them think, make them realize there's a world, make them start to care.' Most middle school assigned reading is. However, TBBFA reached new lows with its sheer depravity of an ending.In truth, the only reason I was kind and gave it two stars is because of the language. It was very well-written.Better that we had stuck with the Giver. Even Ayn Rand would have made better reading
Very Disappointed. I was really disappointed especially because I had read so many positive reviews of the book. It very boring and the only exercises there actually were was one little chapter. The book was more of an autobigraphy of the author as well as about the history of the acceptance of women's masturbation which I could have read online if i wanted to. I wouldn't consider this a self-help book at all.
The Operation was not a success... Philip Roth is a taste I haven't acquired yet.  He is lauded by critics - including Harold Bloom, who just happens to be a friend of his - as perhaps the greatest living American writer.  Before this novel, I had only read Portnoy's Complaint, which I couldn't even finish; I found it hopelessly dated, pedantic, and repetitive.  I like Operation Shylock more than Portnoy's Complaint, I guess - although I can't say that I really ENJOYED either.  However, at least things happen in this novel.  The gimmick of the book is that it is a "confession" - a story of supposedly true events that happened to Philip Roth in 1988.  The story concerns the emergence of a "fake" Philip Roth who is traveling around Israel, promoting the cause of "Diasporism" - the relocation of Israel's Jews back to Europe.  The real Roth travels to Jerusalem to confront his impostor.Having now read the book, it is difficult to tell whether or not the real Roth is for Diasporism.  There is a lot of anti-Zionist rhetoric in the book - much of which I found distasteful - but is that the "real" Roth or not?  Is he really anti-Zionist?  It's hard to say, because he frequently asserts how foolish Diasporism is: the European community would not welcome the Jews back with open arms.Somewhere in one of Raymond Chandler's novels, Philip Marlowe mocks Hemmingway as a man who thinks saying the same thing over and over makes it profound.  Well, the same thing can be said of Philip Roth.  There are a lot of things about his style I don't like.  He is very pedantic: he always has an axe to grind, but instead, he grinds his readers into the ground.  He allows his characters to speak, sometimes for pages at a time, without so much as starting a new paragraph.  His most annoying trait however, is how in love with himself he is.  It's odd but true - if you keep saying how great you are, people will believe you.  Through his characters, he lavishes praise onto himself and his books.  Also, he's apparently catnip to the ladies.Is this novel non-fiction?  Of course not.  Will I ever read another Philip Roth novel?  Probably - with so many critics telling me I'm wrong, I have to allow for that possibility.  I'm just not looking forward to the experience.
Depressing. The characters are all really depressing and it is another one of those styles in which improper grammar and a lack of literacy is used all throughout it.  It was the style that goes along the lines of, "It was the store.  I stood there.  I saw.  'Hey watcha don' thwat ah thing fer?'  He sputtered."I don't recommend it.
If you are over 12, Don't Bother Reading this Book. This was the first Ludlum book I have read.  I bought several and now am thinking I've wasted my money.  He took a realistic story and destroyed it with an unbelievable plot.  All the bad guys, who have so much power that they can have anyone in the world killed within 24 hours of the victim hearing about the Secret Plot to control the World cannot even protect their top masterminds from being kidnapped by a New York lawyer, his consultant ex-wife, and a couple of low-level military officers.  Then, each bad guy willingly spills everything about the Secret Plot merely upon learning that one of his colleagues has insulted him?  Give me a break.  Don't even get me started on how unrealistic the relationship is b/w the main character and his ex-wife.  Give the book as a gift to your 12 year old nieces and nephews, but don't waste your time or money on this if you are over 12 years old
A SAD PIECE OF GARBAGE. I am in definite agreement with the majority of the reviews.  "Would I Lie to You" is a sad piece of evidence of what happens when you take something fresh and successful and turn it into a cliched work of garbage.  And while I do agree with one reviewer that stated that this book was written purely for entertainment and not to win a nobel prize, I will point out that the book should be WELL-WRITTEN!The ghostwriter has no conception of how to tell a good story and even more importantly doesn't understand the characters.  Though von Ziegesar did make her characters curse, this ghostwriter overkilled with the profanity.  It always seemed that Blair and especially Serena were too classy to be dropping the F-bomb in every sentence they spoke.  Not to mention that the Serena von Ziegesar created doesn't seem to have enough emotional depth to have pined secretly for her best friend's boyfriend for a year and then become suddenly depressed and scared when Nate and Blair reunite.  Deciding to write a sappy Dear John letter to end their romance was not only a stupid device used to create tension but was another indication that the ghostwriter can't successfully continue this series.  In addition, GG (whoever that may be and now who cares) dropped so many product endorsements and wrote so many how to lists, I began to skip pages in boredom.  The ghostwriter lacks any flair or style to make the readers care who the anonymous GG is and boasting about where the wealthy go to vacation and what designer sunscreen they use can't make up for the fact that the premise of "gossiping" about these self centered characters has grown stale.When I was teenager I loved reading YA fiction because it was fun and you didn't necessarily have to think too hard about what you were reading.  I still like to pick up a teen series every now and then for the same reason.  Though I may have over-analyzed something meant to be a pleasurable escape from real literature, I cannot help but be upset that a clever series has been degraded to horribly written pulp.  Readers may not look deeply into the style or character development but if you've stayed with the series since Book 1, you have probably learned to care to anticipate what these characters will do or go through next.  It's an insult to those readers who have really enjoyed these books.  Alloy Entertainment should have let this series end with Book 8
WAAAAY TOO TECHNICAL. Too much time spent on the mathematics of sound transfer and acoustics.  Not enough on how to build the studio.  Could not find a &quot;complete parts list&quot; for any of the plans.  This is not for someone looking to build a simple studio.  Very technical and boring
The Witch's Tongue. The Charlie Moon series is getting more amusing and more "spiritual", for lack of a better word, as it evolves. Certainly, Moon has become a more interesting character.  He was always more interesting than the earlier protaganist in the series Scott Parris. I enjoy the series but it is not my favorite reading. I find hiding of clues and information from the reader irritating.
A tiresome read!. Mr. Hershey has written some beautiful descriptions of the nature that surrounds him. He writes it over and over and over again. This is a tedoius little New Age book that can only be appreciated by those whose spiritually is grounded in &quot;our Mother Earth&quot;. Everthing Mr. Hershey has to convey is said in the first chapter (possible in the foreward). Granted, we all need to stop and smell the roses, however Mr Hershey would have the reader fall face down in the roses and never get up. I did not like the rude language, and the quotes used lead me to beleive that Mr. Hershey as abandonded his Christian roots. I would not, will not recommend this book to my friends
An Exact Copy Of Franz's Other Book. First, let me say that I TOTALLY disagree with other reviewers who have said that this is nothing more than a re-hashing of the ProTools manual. In fact, it is absolutely nothing like the manual. The downside to that fact is that this book is not at all a detailed course or how-to guide on how to use the finer features of ProTools. What it is, however, is a very good manual on how to integrate ProTools into your home recording studio. The book provides an excellent overview of the home studio and tells you how to use ProTools within that environment. As such, it explains how to set-up your studio, run a recording session, act as the producer and/or engineer, and, of course, how to integrate ProTools into all of these functions. In this regard, the book is a very unique guide which I believe most home and project studio owners will find very useful.So, why the 2-star rating? Well, as good as the book is, it is nearly an EXACT copy of David Franz's other book "Recording And Producing In The Home Studio" - a book, by the way, which I already own!!! Chapters are lifted from that book, word for word, and placed into this one - only this time with specific references to ProTools. So, now, I have two copies of virtually the same book. For shame Berklee!!! For shame David Franz!!! This type of re-packaging should be illegal. So, as a warning to any other unsuspecting buyer, if you own Franz's other book, DO NOT BUY THIS ONE. If you do not, then buy only this one. If I saved even one person from making the same mistake that I did, then it was worth it. By the way, anyone wanna buy a book?
Don't like. My two year old really doesn't like this book.  I got it since all the other books we have by the same author are really cute.  This one is just a grumpy book.  I'm sure there is a lesson, yes, but I will find another way to teach my son that bullying isn't right
Clever and at times entertaining, but disappointing. While I liked parts of this book very much, it needed editing.  The sequence near the end in Venice was pure agony and I came ever so close to giving up.  However, having read so many pages it seemed a shame not to finish the book.  While the last few chapters helped to redeem the book, all in all the book disappointed, including the apparent tee off for a second volume.  Assuming there is a sequel, I'm not likely to purchase it
A lamb in wolf's clothing. This book will sucker you, and I don't mean that in a good way. It starts out as a hard-nosed, nicely-written discussion of what it means to help someone and the rewards and troubles that may ensue. The first half of the book presents a number-but not as many as the jacket blurbs would have you believe-of the philosophical conundrums of giving and receiving help; as a one-time teacher and recently-retired minister the author has had lots of personal and practical experience in the area. Then about halfway through the screen of objectivity starts to slip and the author's radical leftist colors begin peeking out here and there. By the last third of the book the text has become a confused, softheaded 'social liberation theory' polemic for some sort of a semi-Marxist utopia where, I guess, everyone devotes his or her existence to helping each other. This may be fine if you already believe that sort of thing, but the argument isn't convincing and to a more neutral reader it comes off like a rant. Heaven help the conservative who stumbles on this piece of work; the author has no help (or compassion) for him or her. Which is too bad because the original topic-the paradox of help-is worthy of any amount of reasoned discussion, and the author's nice writing (if you discount the usual self-centered boomer "I this... and I that..." style) draws you in. But the journey doesn't go to its advertised destintation, and I'd say spend your time and money elsewhere.
Puh-lease!!! Give me a break with the drama!. I could not put this one down- I finished it in one evening, I just couldn't wait to find out what happened next, with the family and the court case. However, I was deeply disappointed by the ending. It was lame, it was soap opera-esque, it was so unworthy of this great story. Tacked-on and totally unneeded- it should have ended ten pages sooner, that would have be a fine conclusion
Not the usual &quot;Wilton&quot; look in cakes. Jenne has some fun, creative and original ideas for cake decorating. Yes, they do look a bit sloppy, but then these are not the usual &quot;Wilton&quot; frosting daisies and roses. The reason for just 2 stars is some of the recipes aren't very good with questionable instructions. For example, the one for Chocolate Granache calls for UNSWEETENED chocolate and cream. That's it. And it's absolutely vile tasting. I ended up using Jacques Pepin's recipe from his &quot;La Technique&quot; cookbook. And the Konditor cake needs a special Croquembouche mold which will set you back about $90-$110. I think this book is for more experienced bakers who can spot a questionable recipe, but then they probably have better cookbooks in their libraries
huh?. While I  liked following the new perspectives of an old favorite, it seemed like Tennant was trying too hard to write as a classic. I was often confused by what she was writing. The wording/descriptions were awkward, difficult to follow, and not completely confident (or competent)
Weight Watcher's Vegetarian Cookbook. This cookbook is okay if you love to cook.  Many of the recipes have a lot of ingredients and take time to prepare.  If you don't like to cook or  you like to cook simple meals, this would not be the cookbook for you
Tedious... This book kicks off the Second Foundation trilogy--and makes rather a mess of things. Oh, some parts have virtues. The early history of Hari and Dors, for instance. But it is overlong, badly in need of editing, and thoroughly tedious in parts. The Voltaire/Jeanne d'Arc subplots are both overdone and underdone---too much focus is given to them, and the details are not interesting. THe next book in the series, Foundation and Chaos, is far better
Not the great book people seem to think it is. This is a book that could (should?) have faded into history without being a great loss to the world. Yes, there are a few interesting bits of political philosophy, but they're far and few between, and mainly either just thrown out as Montesquieu's personal opinions with little to no evidence or examination, or flimsily based on historical examples. As a reader, I didn't find most of his arguments (where he didn't seem to be contradicting himself, which happens frequently) very convincing. This was obviously written with the 18th century French salon crowd in mind, and reads as such. I'm sure it provided a lot of aristocrats with conversation fodder to make them appear intelligent and educated at the time, but these days it just seems like an antiquated bit of history.He claims the book has to be read as a whole to see the structure and his overall goal; well, I did read the whole book and at the end couldn't see an overarching structure at all. The work just seemed like a long, rambling, unorganized mess. The only people I might really recommend this to are people interested in Greek, Roman, and French history (especially legal history), but not to people interested in political science or philosophy.Bump this one to the bottom of your list of classics on historical thought, there are much more interesting reads out there
Informative, but how will it look in my garden?. Although the information in the book is detailed, more pictures are needed to give some idea how these trees and shrubs might actually enhance a garden. The photos contained in the book are sparse and are entirely in  black and white. Pictures in books? Generally not needed, but in a  gardening book, good graphics are essential
The real playbook is,,,, fake reviews. This is book is clearly a slapdash effort to get published. If it were from academia it would be the product of the "publish or perish" mentality. There are a few useful bits of information, but finding them is hard and they would be best condensed into a magazine article.  The writing style demands, not comands, attention. Don't expect a page-turner here.While I won't recommend this book, as a first effort from the authors it is not that bad. What is sad, though, is that this website was salted with positive reviews, probably from friends. Maybe this is the hidden play in the playbook, taken from Microsoft's PR department, meant to make a second-rate product look good. They impugn book the book and the site.Summary: First, don't judge this book by online reviews. Second, wait for the 2nd edition
I Hated It!. I realize that I am in the minority here, but this book did not have what Earth Song had. When I read Earth Song, I could not wait to get my hands on the final novel of this trilogy. When I read it I was very disappointed. The hero, Roland, was horrible mean throughout the story to a point that became difficult for me to stomach. In a way, I could understand why he acted the way he did because he did believe, with just cause, that his wife, Daria, was pregnant with someone else's baby. However, when Daria suffered a miscarriage, he acted downright cruel. She suffered a miscarriage saving the life of one of his friends, and when she was recovering, Roland made it apparent that he was more concerned about the guilt his friend was feeling. In fact, he physically carried her into his friends room and told her that she was going to stop being so self-centered and assuage his friends guilt. After I read this, I could not give any credibility to the fact that he ended up professing his love to Daria, and I felt that she deserved better. I realize that I was reading a medeival romance, but that does not mean that it has to have a hero who can be so cruel and mean about one of the most tragic things that can happen to a woman. If anyone wants to read a truly good medeival romance, try Castles In the Air by Christina Dodd
Strong in a few areas, but some serious gaps... As someone interested in making a possible career change into the actuarial profession, I purchased this book hoping to get a feel for the day-to-day job experience of an actuary, as well as get some basic information about career paths and professional organizations. A large portion of the book consists of responses a survey the author undertook; daily tasks, salaries, opportunities and such. These are very useful and are presented without "analysis" by the author, leaving the reader to draw their own conclusions. However, the book really has very little background information - differences (textbook at least) between different business areas actuaries are employed, or information about what distinquishes an associate from a fellow, etc.Upon further research I also discovered that some of the information has become out of date, as the professional organizations have recently added some additional requirements for advancement.Overall I did find this book of some use in understanding more about the "daily life" of an actuary, but with the lack of background info and some information becoming outdated I cannot recommend it at the $40 price tag it currently carries
worst one i've ever read. I really want to write to Dr. B what inspired him to write such a "fabulous" book!this book's contents are messy. I am EE major and got A's on Quantum Mechanics and E&Mthe biggest joke is the author said in his preface that "......To the uninitiated ,the subject of spectroscopy seems enshrode in layers of bewildering and arbitrary notation.......Although the student may not be happy with some aspects of spectroscopy notation,itis easier to adopt the notation than to try to change long-standingspectrocopic habits.......A humorous guy! But I wonder whether the author fully understand what he wrote in this book
Impossible to read. Its filled with grammatical mistakes that translate into logical fallacies.  It is extremely long winded and repetitive.  The author goes no where with the material.  I recommmend stabbing your eyes out rather than reading it
A Hastily thrown together book. I've heard a lot about MS. Ray's show on the Food Network, so I thought this book might be an interesting addition to my library. I was wrong. Unfortunately I didn't scan the book before buying it, or else it would still be on the shelf. Most of my gripes have been covered now that I have read them. Un organized, no index, and to be honest, uninspiring recepies. 30 minute meals? I don't think so given the time it takes to find what's needed to create a meal, most of them seem to be the kind that were passed down by word of mouth, and not researched. Is MS. Ray a chef? I don't think so, and am not sure what her credentials actually are.So I can't recommend it, unless your a die hard fan of her and want all her merchandise.
Red Lily. The story was slow, predictable and boring. I am still amazed I hung in there and finished reading it.  It's a dud in my opinion
Buy a book on probability instead. This book is mostly built around the idea "I wish it were true = it *is* true".  While this book has innate appeal to those looking for meaning in their lives, if you're looking for a firm foundation for understanding coincidences in your life (i.e. intellectual integrity), you'd be better off buying an introduction to probability
Okay read. Awful ending. The basic plot was a little incredible - the idea that this junior partner could fake his death and run off with a fortune was somewhat believable, but many of the details are absurd. In fact, the more the story is filled in, the more ridiculous it becomes. Until the last 100 pages or so, it is a fine and entertaining read. It starts to break down at that point, with two revelations near the end that make no sense at all. (No spoilers here; keep reading.)The first revelation is just absurd - it makes the main character look like a moron. The second revelation, just a few pages from the end of the book, makes a critical character look ridiculous, as well. This latter revelation is not consistent with the rest of the plot or the characters as they have been developed. Worse, it is bad writing. Worst of all, it turns an enjoyable book into a horribly depressing read.I read the bulk of this book on two plane flights, then stayed up late to finish the last couple of chapters. I ended up falling asleep depressed and resolved never to read another Grisham book; he has let me down too many times, now, and the last thing I want after several hundred pages of fun reading is to have that experience yanked away by a cynical finish
might as well be in Greek. Basic primitives? Professor Milner,           If you are writing a book for students,           it helps if you make it comprehensible.          We didn't all go to Cambridge
Let its title not fool you!. When I am writing a script, I use about 80% of the time making a good treatment, since it is what will allow you to have everything well-tied when the proper screenwriting comes at the final stage. This book will not teach you to write a good treatment. In 90 pages, it deals about general issues of screenwriting, such as adaptations, story development and structure, but never in a deep way. It just generalises in its treatment recommendations, never giving clear rules, goals or advice. Furthermore, half of it talks about TV issues, which are far from filmmaking ones. The remaining 80 pages are just a filler: interviews, a sample treatment and references on movies cited. There is still not a good book about treatments out there
A Simple Mind. I know a lot of people liked this book, but it didn't work for me. The main character and his buddies run around like chickens with their heads cut off, acting as if they have committed a huge crime. The problem is, they didn't. There is no crime. I talked to several cops and a prominent defense attorney about this plot, and it makes no sense. It would make sense if someone comes after the McGuffin, early on, but no one does, not until very late in the book. So most of the story has no foundation.
Dimly radiant. This one of the worst books I have ever purchased.   It does not provide &quot;real answers contractors need&quot; as is advertized on the cover.  The information provided is mainly taken from web pages and other  vendor supplied information.  Many repetitions of the limited material as if the author had prepared several drafts and included them all in the published version.  Don't waste your money.-A
kcr. I found this book to be poorly reasoned.  While the author claims to have well supported conlcusions,  the vast majority of her conclusions do NOT follow from the research she cites.In light of the events at VA Tech in the last week, I would note that there was one individual who fit the profile of her book, but the reaction of the vast majority of students, both at VA Tech, and around the world, indicated what a wonderful generation of thoughtful young people are coming into their place in the world
Throw it away. I thought the book was a bunch of bolagna. I didnt care for it at all and someone should burn it. The only reason i liked it was because it had a bunch of short stories and not just one big book with a bunch of chapters. It had a lot of truth in it which is the only good part of the book. The book was basically about kids that dont fit in and are outsiders. Who ever get's this bpok should throw it away or tearit and burn it into peices
the power to change comes from ones self - not in the heavens. I expected a more pure yoga approach to this most serious subject; depression. Some depression is caused by physical problems therefore I expected more YOGA positions; healing the body thus setting the stage to clear the mind. Finding the answers to problems of the mind is difficult enough without diverting the process in non reality based solutions.
Good information; poor presentation. The information contained in this book is sound, and the coverage of a variety of topics is relatively thorough.  It is, however, difficult to appreciate these strengths given the numerous flaws in the text.  Minor flaws include numerous misleading typographical errors, and too little attention to the flow of information.The big mistake, though, is the failure to publish a complete book.  If you want to learn from this book, then you will need to spend a good bit of time either sitting at a computer reading, or printing out the PDF files on the accompanying CD.  The appendices (which are not extraneous, but rather a fundamental part of the text which contain information that's referred to throughout the book) are included ONLY on the accompanying CD.  For more than 50% of the review exercises are just references to PDF files.  The contents of the CD are not available from the publisher's web site.  Do NOT buy a used copy of this book that's missing the accompanying CD.  If you like taking books with you to read away from the office, don't buy this book at all.  You'll spend too much effort wondering why the printer felt the need to offload a good bit of the printing work onto you.  All of this is made even less tolerable by the poor information flow, which will leave you needing to make reference to the appendices many times throughout virtually all other chapters of the book.It's possible that a future edition may fix these issues.  Until then, there have to be better ways to learn
Did not keep my interest, despite all the right ingredients. I was looking for a real thriller, and thought I would try one by David Baldacci. I had read a very favourable review a while back, and I have also seen and enjoyed the movie version of Absolute Power.After reading reviews at Amazon, I picked Last Man Standing. However, I was really disappointed. For me it wasn't thrilling at all. Several times I had to force myself to pick it up again to continue reading. For me, a good thriller is a book you can't stop reading, even if it's getting late and you really, really should try to get some sleep instead of continue reading.Examples of great thrillers I have read are: The Firm by John Grisham, The Day After Tomorrow by Allan Folsom (nothing to do with the weather-related movie of the same name) and Angels and Demons by Dan Brown.But Last Man Standing was quite the opposite. Sure it had its moments where it got exciting for a while (the final shoot-out for example), but those times were quite rare.I've been trying to figure out why I didn't like it, but I can't say I know why. I do think that a lot of what happens in the book is quite far-fetched (especially the reason the hero Web London froze during the ambush) and that the characters are pretty one-dimensional, but that's not enough of a reason. Both The Day After Tomorrow and Angels and Demons have plenty of far-fetch twists and one-dimensional characters, but they were still exciting reads. I can't come up with a definite answer as to why I didn't like Last Man Standing - I simply just didn't care for it.Writing a negative review like this will probably earn me a few unhelpful votes, but I think it is important to also review books you didn't like. Otherwise you risk getting an unbalanced view. However, I do admit that it is much more fun to review books you really liked.But to finish, if you are looking for a good thriller, skip this one and try one of the other three I mentioned above.
Not well researched. There doesn't seem to be any voice to the author. This book is like a college term paper on DOGME--I give it a C. The book reads like a collection of magazine articles or an unauthorized biography. We have seen most of this material covered in indie filmmaker magazines countless times before. Dogme is a niche component of a larger digital film movement that is sweeping cinema and threatening celluloid. I would have appreciated more discussion of the impact and influence of dogme on the current mavericks of digital filmmakers that are arising and gaining respect. Digital filmmaking has greatly impacted the short film industry. Where does dogme and short film co-exis
For Wannabee Hippies. I think if you're an old hippie (like me) you know everything in this book already..Now if you can justttt remember it!!! LOL I think it is written for young people who want to discover the art of being a hippie, and adopt that lifestyle, more than for old heads or the people who have "been there, done that" For the old heads, I would recommend a book I've had since it first came out in the 60's (i think) Living on the Earth by Alicia Bay Laurel. Or Carla Emery's book The Encyclopedia of Country Lore, these people lived the life and walked the walk, and the information is 'right on'.  Namaste
Where are the scripts???. If you release a second edition you need to support a second edition, that includes the publisher's website and the downloadable scripts that go with the book....this book is okay, but who has time to type in all of the sample scripts to learn. For not including the scripts I give it a 2
Not great. It was ok.  I strongly dislike the character that has an empathy for machines.  Just ridiculous.  And he was one of the cruxes of the story!  Brian Lumley's other works (Fruiting Bodies) is far superior
Inaccurate advice and some expensive suggestions. I read this book hoping to find another way to try and treat my dogs skin problems and with the interest to start feeding him more rare food (less kibble).However this book tends toward more of an extreme view STRONGLY recommending only feeding your pet human organic food and bottled water (i love my dog but if I dont drink bottled water and eat organic food he doesnt need to).  There were 3 "booster mix" recipes to add to a kibble diet that were okay.The recipes seem expensive, especially if you have large dogs, but the ingredients are broken down and ordered by cost per protein gram on a handy chart.The biggest flaws were the suggestions that we just inaccurate.  For instance recommending dried fruits such raisins, when in fact raisins, like chocolate, grapes, and alcohol are toxic to dogs.  PLEASE DONT FEED THOSE TO YOUR DOGS!!!!  Inaccuracies like that make me question the validity of the rest of the book.  I would recommend double checking any advice from this book before following it
Questionable scientific merit on some subtopics. While the author provides a good, concise overview of NFP techniques, she makes some assertions that are not supported by scientific evidence.  For example:1) Trying to conceive immediately after discontinuing the Pill often results in miscarriage...FALSE.  The main reason many gynos recommend waiting is so you can better determine when you are ovulating, as you may be anovulatory for a few cycles post-Pill.2)Chapter on regulating cycles with light...references research back in the 70s.  If this truly had merit, I think the body of work would be greater.3)Chapter on choosing the baby's sex - relies on the Shettles method, also from the 70s.  It has since been proven that his assertion that "X" sperm are slower moving and larger and "Y" sperm are faster moving and smaller is incorrect.  The only somewhat reliable sex selection techniques involve laboratory assistance.There are better NFP books out there, namely:"Natural Birth Control Made Simple" Kass-Anesse/Danzer (still a little preachy)"The Fastest Way to Get Pregnant Naturally" Williams (if this is your goal, if you're looking for contraception, maybe not the best!
Wow, how did this ever get published?. This is just a REALLY bad book.  First I blame James Patterson, but I really REALLY blame his editor.  What editor worth his salt would allow this mess to be published?The villains are so grotesque as to be almost cartoon villains.  Just - over the top. The plot line is unbelievable.  Aside from Alex Cross and the two villains, nobody in this book gets more than a few pages before they disappear forever.  Alex Cross spends more time eating meals than using the resources of the FBI to foil the villains.  This is supposed to be one of those "the villains have given us a deadline before they blow up the world" type thriller but - there's no sense of urgency, and the law-enforcement agencies on the case are poorly sketched, and inept (but not deliberately written that way).I could go on and on but it's not worth the words.  This book is REALLY a waste of time.  I can't believe anybody published it
Completely Useless. I was shocked at how bad this CD was. I absolutely loved Mars & Venus so I tried this one. First off he is just talking in a monotone voice that is very boring. It's impossible not to think about other stuff. He doesn't give any useful information, just dances around stuff leaving you confused. The meditation stuff was so lame I about quit right in the middle of the program. Gray struck gold with Mars & Venus but I'm afraid with Get What You Want he struck rock bottom
Sorry I didn't mean to write a review on this. My mistake, funk music is a bit annoyin
a mixed bag. While interesting enough to keep me reading, overall the book wasn't what I might have expected.  Loaned to me, I had not read any of her previous work.  The characters were too artificial, until I decided that perhaps the whole thing was a parody of the gothic novels it revolved around.  But in the end, I decided it was just poorly written - especially with major questions unanswered such as the noise in the clearing, and its function as the major deus ex machina of the boo
A "clone" book of ideas and no reference to others. Reading this 'leadership pipeline' I became really astonished of seeing here all the ideas of Elliott Jaques and Gillian Stamp (Bioss International) just copied with no reference to them. I keep wondering how can that be done. Jaques and Gillian Stamp has written for so many years about human capability and seven levels of work complexity that are clearly repeated in this book withouth no comment to them. Even the general themes are there, for example managing other, leader of leader, managing a business unit, managing a group of business unit. If you don't beleive me, just read Requisite Organization (Jaques) and previous ones, for example, and you will learn that Jaques' ideas are being developed for more than 30 years. So, better learn with the real creative people that has really done researches around the theme.
Deceptively racist. The chief problem that I have with this book is that on almost every page, Gordon provides an example of how some phenomenon of Memphis was responsible for breaking down the barriers of racism in America. Yet all such examples that he provides are of white people and nowhere does he bother to interview a black person or point out that in actuality, black people were instrumental and active in the fight for their own liberty. I stopped reading after page 70 so perhaps a black person does appear at some point.  But should there really be an absence of anyone not white in a book claiming to celebrate racial harmony for 70 pages?It's this brand of liberal racism that I find so objectionable in both this book and Peter Guralnik's Sweet Soul Music. In Guralnik's book, he makes the heroes of that piece - Don Penn and others - white and yet Soul was something quintessentially African-American.  In Gordon's book, he goes one step further and completely removes the people from the culture altogether. Basically, this book is little more that a racist white fantasy of how racism was conquered by the pioneering actions of some brave white folks while black people stood passively by.  Presenting events in such a way is morally wrong as well as historically inaccurate. It is part of a disturbingly large "liberal" culture that not only seeks to enjoy black culture while removing the people from it but also by denying black peoples' own active participation in their own destiny.
Peter Smith hardcover WARNING!!!. If you're considering buying the Peter Smith "edition" of this book, note that it is NOT a new "edition" in hardcover but the Vintage International edition rebound in red cloth, with the cover of said trade paperback glued onto the front. It looks like it's been rebound for libraries, is the type of thing that's usually not for sale to the general public (. . .) The book is WELL-REBOUND, and may still be worth it to you Cormac McCarthy diehards out there -- it is for me, and ultimately I'm just gonna keep the copy of it I bought, but it's still quite disappointing. Thought you deserved a warning, hope it came in time. McCarthy's a great writer, of course -- feel a little guilty about the one-star, but it's an issue of the edition, not the book
wanderings of a non-structured mind. does not live up to the hype, no wonder he works with Jakob Nielsen, same thinking "structures" erm. nice idea seeds, would fit into a four pager, even with examples.don't buy this book, the seven bullet items summarize all included.  much awrite about nothing
Product NOT a kit - two heavy books!. Thoroughly disgusted with this order.  Thought I was ordering a kit to make some robots, but received two huge books for my grandson's birthday present.  When I sent them back, I was charged $11.00 in postage and then did not receive my full refund because I did not fill out the correct papers which I never did see.  Not happy at all with this!  Did not get what I wanted and did not get my money back
What is all the fuss about?. I really don't understand why she has been compared to serious mystery writers.  The only mystery is that I was gullible enough to buy this book for my birthday.  Wesley brand named dropped throughout the entire book.  The language was mediocre, plot below average, the characters barely one dimensional- the most exciting character in the book was her son Jamal.  Hopefully her other books are better.than thi
not so great overall. There is a lot of good info in the book if you could see the illustrations well enough to know what's going on. The book needs updating badly as far as I am concerned. Much of the photography was so dark you could tell very little about what was being shown in the picture. And did I miss the part about subhilt fighters Loveless is famous for. I was disappointed in the book overall.
Quick read-not much else. My mom left this book at my house.So I thought..."Hey, free book."If you read quickly and frequently you should go ahead and give this a try.If you are a slow reader. . .spend your time on something with more substance.After a fairly long drawn-out story with little humor and not much suspense I was surprised to find the final chapters to be reasonably satisfying.Hence the two stars.But I assure you there is zero "kung-fu" in this one
Say What. The book was a disappointment.As a parent I was looking for a book to show my 10 year old not to judge his autistic brother on what other people think or what he can do.The very high funtioning austistic child in the book   receives his brothers approval only after the 5 year old reads a poem for  the school and wins his brothers friends acceptance. I was able to read the  book to my 5 year old twins changing the story
a somewhat faulted account of feminist/spiritual awakening. Sue Monk Kidd was raised in the conservative South; she went to charm school; several of the men in her family are Baptist ministers; and, for many years, she earned a living as an inspirational Christian writer (get the picture?).  For most of her adult life, Kidd never questioned her faith or her femininity ... that is, not until she witnessed an episode of sexual harassment involving her teenage daughter.  Following this incident, Kidd gradually began to realize that the Church and society are patriarchal systems.  The first part of this book deals with Kidd's spiritual/feminist awakening, while the second part of this book deals with her evolving faith.  While I have a lot of respect for Kidd's willingness to question herself and her deepest beliefs, her book was of virtually no use to me.I think my background has a lot to do with my disinterest.  I'm a good 20 years younger than Kidd, and I've considered myself a "feminist" since I was about 2 years old.  So - all of these bright ideas that Kidd was having - they really go without saying for me.  I mean - her realizations that women are not second to men and that we have been "socialized" to believe certain things about gender ... well, these are notions that have been explored and re-explored about a zillion times.  Anyone with even a remote understanding of feminist theory is going to be really bored by the first half of this book, which is primarily devoted to her not-so-profound awakening.  With that said - if you are not very well-versed in feminism, or if you come from a really conservative background (like Kidd) - her awakening might be of interest to you.  Personally, I found the second half of the book a bit more interesting, as Kidd talked occasionally about the history of Christianity and the history of women in the Church; I definitely learned some new things.  However, I imagine that there are more useful books that explore the history of women and Christianity.  Unfortunately, I do not know of any at this time.There are 3 additional complaints I have with this book:1.  Kidd overuses metaphors!  Don't get me wrong.  It's not that I'm not a "poetic" type (I was an English major in college) - it's just that she uses metaphors to the point that they become tedious.  This book should have been edited a bit more carefully.2.  Throughout this text, Kidd frequently describes her dreams.  I find this really frustrating, because her "dreams" are so evidently contrived.  Does anyone really believe that Kidd had a dream in which she crawled into the empty lap of a Pieta-like statue, and that the Virgin healed her wounds?  All of her so-called dreams are *uncannily* relevant to her spiritual journey.  I felt manipulated each time I read about one.3.  She talks a lot about the Devine Feminine and uses a lot of female language.  That's great.  I think it's really important that Christians counter the always-male descriptions of the Divine (i.e. God, Father, He, etc.).  However, Kidd also talks frequently about the "feminine soul."  I think it's dangerous to assign a specifically "feminine" soul to all women; this implies that there is something inherently "feminine" about women and their spirituality and something inherently "masculine" about men and their spirituality.  Does this not counter the very idea that women are *socialized* to be feminine and men are *socialized* to be masculine?  I think it does.  And - along those same lines - Kidd frequently describes specifically feminine rituals or moments of feminine worship.  Almost every time, these rituals and moments of worship have to do with nature - or maybe with spontaneous dancing or singing.  It seemed to me that she was describing women as somehow more "natural" and "earthly" than men.  This is certainly not a new idea.  For centuries, women have been associated with the earth and base instincts, while men have been associated with the divine and more spiritual and intellectual pursuits.  And while I don't think it's necessarily a bad thing to bring the earth and nature back into Christianity - I think Kidd is making a big mistake in her implication that women, specifically, are connected to the earth.In summary - if you are in a situation similar to the situation Kidd was in when she had her awakening and would like to learn more about a woman's spiritual/feminist journey - this would be an okay book for you (though I really only recommend it half-heartedly).  But, if you already have a general understanding of feminism - or if you are put off by the notion that women are "earthly" - I wouldn't recommend this book
Keep Looking. There are plenty of excellent Play Therapy books out there, this is not one of them.  Maybe it's just me, but a play therapy book should be way more user friendly.  I need quick access, color and... ART
reinforced dogma. If you want your dogma reinforced then this is a great book. It blazes through philosophical arguments with proposterous nerve.example 1. The problem of evil is solved thus:"And God has done something about the problem of evil. He has done the most dramatic, costly, and effective thing possible by giving his Son to die for evil men."example 2. To John Wisdoms damning parable, the book argues: "For in Christianity we do not have merely an allegation that the garden of this world is tended by a loving Gardener; we have the actual, empirical entrance of the Gardener into the human scene in the person of Christ (cf. John 20: 14,15), and this entrance is verifiable by way of His resurrection."All of the arguments assume the ignorant position. The argument from design is entertained in the most ridiculous manner -arguing from the specific to the general. Reality is simple -we are here because things are the way they are -if they weren't, we wouldn't be here. Too many leaves in the teacup being read by those who want to see things that are not there. I'm afraid for humanity if they think this is knowledge.
Truly Disappointing. I am amazed at the people who raved about this cookbook because as a cookbook, it's a dismal failure.  The recipes are contrived and uninteresting.  Virtually none of the recipes herein captured my  imagination and I'm a pretty adventurous cook.  As a picturebook it's great  though.  My advice would be to leave it on the coffee table where it  belongs.  If anyone really wants this book, they can have mine for the cost  of shipping
Well, there is NO easier, softer way....AA 101. It boils down to quitting your addiction, cold. And it's hard, really really hard. Personnaly speaking, I'm addicted to alcohol and cigarrettes. Lucky me, it's the "usual" ones. Without reading this book, yeah I'm being totally honest, just on the face of it, this book is BOGUS. If you're anywhere near a library, (thank you Carnegie!) check this guy out, for free. You'll "get it" real fast
For Complete Beginners only. I really wanted so much to like this book, but I was pretty disappointed. I had expected something much more advanced. This book is for complete beginners with not a creative bone in their body who need to be told to sew buttons back onto their pants instead of just throwing them away. Maybe it was meant for a much younger audience (I'm 30) or people with no experience in the DIY world.I love the concept! I am looking forward to the next work from the authors and hope it will be more technically skilled.
Disappointing. I was under the impression that this book was a true to life accounting of events leading up to the Tet Offensive of 1968.  I bought the book based upon the recommendations here.  I was disappointed to find that it was more of a heavily gilded diary, with little to no credibility where actual events are recounted.Further, I did not enjoy the overall ego-centricity of the contents, and would've like to read about the accomplishments of the men in this LRP unit, rather than the personal jabs (sometimes scornful) and off-hand speculations of the first-person author.I've judged the contents of this book as misleading, but perhaps others will enjoy it more as a story that plays fast and loose with the facts.  I guess I was just expecting this book to be more of a hard-core Vietnam era combat account. [...
Where is it?. I ordered this book and eventually amazon cancelled the order because it was not available.  The then ask me to review it?  Where is it?Rev bruce
Nice Intro... The best part about this book was the intro.  In fact all you need to understand what the late Mr. Bloom was trying to put forth is in the introduction.The rest of the book is  a chore to read.  The confusing and tedious writing  style leads to a lot of re-reading of sentences to figure out the point the author is trying to make.  Someone should have counseled Mr. Bloom that "Brevity is the soul of wit."
Self love. I love books about China and so I thought this would be an interesting insight into another life there.  What it turned out to be was an endless commercial for this woman's thoughts and insights, as she was the first person to ever think of these things.  The beginning of the book was very interesting. Her life with her family in the coal mining town gave great insight into the suffering of those attacked by the infamous Red Guard.  Then we get into Miss Perfect's adoration for herself.  She is the smartest, most wonderful, most determined person in the world.  Also, she is the most beautiful.  Yes, she persevered and did quite well for herself, but her self portrait of this person who only did perfect things, in a world where others are greedy and selfish and without her grand integrity.  She constantly mentions her beauty, which by the pictures in the book of her, show that she is an averagely attractive women.  Nothing special.  Also, she keeps hyping her great sense of style, which if you see the clothes are rather strange. But anything she failed at was someone else's fault.  Her marriage failed, only because of her husband's failure.  This is like all the informercials that say they have the true way to success and happiness.  Save your money.
I'd throw it away, but then I'd worry that some homeless person might get stuck reading it. I can not describe how painful this book was.  The first quarter of the book goes at the pace of a moderately entertaining tale, but then grinds to a halt as soon as Silas is leashed with the orphan girl.  This book stands out in my memory not just for instilling a loathing of the written word that nearly took my away from literature for the rest of my life, but for the great amount of negative space it left in my brain when I try to recall some of the "excitement" of the drudgery of Silas's everyday life.Truly a GREAT classic to unload on junior high children
Ambition is the death of thought. ``People  say again and again that philosophy  doesn't really progress, that we  arestill occupied  with the same philosophical problems as were  theGreeks.But  the people who say this don't understand why ishas to be  so. It is becauseour language has remained the same and  keeps seducing us  into asking the same questions.  As longas there continues to be a verb  'to be' that  looks as if it functions in the same way as 'to eat' and  'to  drink', as long as we stillhavethe adjectives  'identical', 'true',  'false', 'possible',as  long as we continueto talk of a river of time, of  an expanseof  space, etc., etc., people will keepstumbling over the  samepuzzling  difficulties and find themselves staring atsomethingwhich  no explanation seems capable of clearing up.And what'smore,this  satisfies  a longing for the transcendent, because, insofar  as peoplethinkthey can  see `the limits of human  understanding', theybelieve of course thatthey  can see  beyond these.``''Philosophy is a battle against the bewitchment of ourintelligence by means of language````Ambition is the death of  thought'''These three quotes are from Ludwig Wittgenstein who redefined philosophysome70 years ago (but most people have yet to find this out).Dennett, though he has  been a philosopher for some40 years, is one them. It is also curious that both he and his prime antagonist, John Searle, studied under famous Wittgensteinians (Searle with John Austin, Dennett with Gilbert Ryle) but Searle got the point and Dennett did not. Dennett is a hard determinist(though he trys to sneak  reality in the back door), and perhaps this is due to Ryle, whose famous book 'The Concept of Mind'(1949) continues to be reprinted.  That book did a great job of exorcising the ghost but it left the machine.  Dennett enjoys  making  the mistakes Wittgenstein, Ryle(andmany others since) have exposed in detail.Byaccident,just before this book, I had  read ''The Minds I'', which Dennett coauthored withDouglas Hofstadter in 1981. They made some bad  mistakes(see my review), and saddest of all, they reprinted  twofamous articles that pointed the wayout of the mess---Nagel's `What is  like to be a bat?` and an early version of John  Searle's Chinese Room argument explaining why computers  don't think.Nagel pointed out that we do noteven know how to recognize whata concept of a bat's mind would be  like.  Searle similarly explained how we lack a way to conceptualize  thinking  and how itdiffersfrom what a computer does(eg,it can translate Chinese  without understanding it). Likewise, we lack a clear test for recognizing  what countsas good  vs bad--or just intelligible-- for many philosophical and scientific concepts. Our  use of the words consciousness, choice, freedom, intention,  particle, thinking, determines, wave,cause, happened,  event(and so on endlessly) are  rarely a source of confusion  but as soon as we leave normal life and enter philosophy(and anydiscussion detached from the environment  in  which language evolved) chaos reigns. Wittgenstein  was the first to understand why and to point out how to avoid  this. Unfortunately, he died inhis prime, his works are composed almost entirely of a series of examples of  how the mind(language)  worksand he never wroteany popular books,  so  understanding of his work is restricted to a very few.Searle  is one of the world's leadingphilosophers and has written  manyextremely clear  and highly regarded articles and books,some of which have pointed out the  glaring defects in Dennett'swork.His review ``Consciousness Explained  Away'' of Dennetts 1991 book`'Consciousness Explained'' and his book''The Mystery of Consciousness'' are very well  known,and show, in a way that isamazingly clear for philosophical writing,why neither Dennett(nor any of the  hundreds of philosophersandscientists who have written on this topic)havecome closetoexplaining the hard problem--ie, how do you conceptualizeconsciousness.Many suspect we will never be able to conceptualizeany of the reallyimportant things, but it isclear that we are  nowhere near it now. Dennett has mostly  ignored his critics but has favored  Searle with vituperative personal attacks.Searle has been accused by Dennett and others of  being out to destroy cognitive psychology which is quite funny as modern philosophy is(mostly) a branch of cognitive psychology and Searle has made it very clear for 30 years that WE are a good example of a biological machine that is conscious, thinks, etc,.  He just points out that we don't have any idea how this happens.   Searle characterizes as ''intellectualpathology'',the views ofDennett andall those who denythe existence of thevery phenomena they setout to explain. Dennett repeats his  mistakes here andleaves his reply to his critics to the penultimate page of  the book, where we are told that they areall mistaken and it is a waste of spaceto show how! Unsurprisingly, there isnot one reference toWittgenstein or Searle in theentire book.There arehowever, many references to other old schoolphilosophers who are as confusedas he is.Like most people, it does not cross his mindthatthe very inference engineshe thinks with are forcinghim to cometo  certainconclusions and that these will oftenbe quite  unconnectedwith or wrong about the way things are in the  world. They are a jumble of evolutionary curiositieswhich do various tasks in organizing behavior that were useful for survivalhundreds of thousands of years ago.Wittgenstein was a pioneerin doingthought experiments in cognitive psychologyand beganto elucidate the nature of these engines and the subtletiesof language in the 30's, and thus he made the sorts of commentsthat this review begins with.Dennett says(p98)that  his view is compatibilism, ie, that  free will(whichI hopewe can equate with choice) is compatible with  determinism(ie, that''there is at any instant exactly one physically  possible  future''--p25). He wants to show that determinism is not the same as inevitablity. However, the whole book is smoke  and mirrors by means of  which choice, in the sense we normally  understand it, disappears and we are  left with ``choice``,  which is something we cannot choose. Naturally, this  echoes  the fate of consiousness in his earlier book ``Consciousness  Explained``.It is remarkable that, at a time when we are  just beginning to  reach the point where we might be able to understand the basics of how a  single neuron works(or how an  atom works for that matter), that anyone should  think they can  make the leap to understanding the whole brain and to explain  its most complex phenomena. Please recall the last sentence of Wittgenstein  from the opening quote: ''And what'smore,this satisfies a longing for thetranscendent, because, insofar aspeoplethinkthey can see `the limits of  human understanding',theybelieve of course thatthey can see beyond  these.`` The  relation between language, thought and reality is  extraordinarily complex and everyone gets lost. If one is very, very  careful,some understanding is possible, but Dennett throws caution to  the  winds and we are dragged into the quicksand.There are  at least 3 different  topics here(evolution of our brain, choice  and morality) and Dennett tries  vainly to weld them together into  a coherent account of how freedom evolves  from the deterministic  crashing of atoms. There is, however, no compelling  reason to  accept that bouncing atoms (or his favorite example, the game  of  life running on a computer) are isomorphic with reality.  He knows that  quantum indeterminacy(or the uncertainty principle)  is a major obstacle to  determinism however defined(and has  been taken by many as an escape to  freedom) but dismisses  it due to the fact that such events are too rare to  bother  with. By extension, its unlikely that any such  event will happen now or even in our  whole lifetime in our  brain, so we appear to be stuck with a determined  brain(whatever  that may be). However, the universe is a big place and its been  around a long time(perhaps forever) and if even one such quantum  effect occurs  it would seem to throw the whole universe into  an indeterminate state. The  notion ''there is at any  instant exactly one physically possible future''  cannot be true  if at any instant a quantum indeterminacy can occur--in this  case  there would seem to be infinitely many possible futures. This  recalls  one of the escapes from the contradictions of physics--each  instant our  universe is branching into infinitely many universes.He correctly rejects the idea that quantum indeterminacy gives us the answer to how we can have choice.  This obvious idea has been suggested by many but the problem is that nobody has any idea how to specify an exact sequence of steps which starts with the equations of physics and ends up with the phenomena of consciousness(or any other emergent phenomenon).  If so, they will definitely win at least one Nobel Prize, for not only will they have explained consciousness, they will have explained the universal phenomenon of emergence(how higher order properties emerge from lower ones). So, they would have to solve the 'easy' problem(to determine the exact state of the brain corresponding to some mental state and preferably specify the exact position of all the atoms in the brain over time-ignoring uncertainty) and the 'hard' one(what exactly correlates with or produces consciousness or choice etc?). And while they are at it how about also doing the  impossible--an exact and full solution to the quantum field equations for a brain.  It is very well known that these equations are uncomputable, even for one atom or a vacuum, as it would require an infinite amount of computer time.  But infinite will do for one atom so maybe a brain will take no longer.He starts off on the  first page appealing to the laws of  physics for protection against fantastic  notions such as immaterial souls, but physics is made of notions just as  fantastic(uncertainty,  entanglement, wave/particle duality, Schrodinger's  dead/alivecat etc) and as Feynmann said many times ``Nobody understandsphysics!'' Many think nobody ever will.On pg  2 he says  our values have little to do with the goals of our cells and  on pg 2  to3 that our personality differences are due to how  our ''robotic teams are  put togther, over a lifetime of  growth and experience.`` This is a bald  dismissal of human  nature, of the abundant evidence that our differences are  to  a large extent programmed into our genes and fixed in early  childhood, and  is typical of his constant confused wandering  back and forth between  determinism and environmentalism.On page  9 he notes that free will is a problem and our  attitudes to  it make a difference, but for whom? Nobody but philosophers. We make choices. What's the problem?  One has to step  outside life to experience a problem and then  everything becomes a problem.  What are consciousness, pain,  yellow, intention, matter, quarks, gravity  etc.? I doubt that  anyone has ever experienced a fundamental change in their  interactions  with people or their decision making processes due to their  thinking about choice. This shows that there is something  strange about such questions. Wittgenstein would probably say that the language games are  different. There are games  for language connected with the cognitive  templates for decisions  or seeing colors etc, and thinking philosophically is operating them in decoupled mode. Decoupled modes permit  thinking about the past, planning for the future, guessing  the mental states  of others, etc, but if one takes the results  in the wrong way and starts to  think `'John will try to steal  my wallet'', rather than just imagining that  John might  do it, confusion enters and those who cannot turn off the decoupled  mode or distinguish it from coupled mode,  enter the realm of pathology. Some aspects of schizophrenia and other mental illness might be  seen this way--they lose control of which mode they are in, eg, notbeing able to see the  difference between the motives people  have and the motives they might have.One can then see  much of the philosophizing people do as operating in  these  decoupled modes but failing to be able to keep in front of them  the  differences from the normal mode. Normal mode--eg, what  is that lion doing--  was undoubtedly the first one evolved  and decoupled modes--what did that lion  do last time or what  does he intend to do next--evolved later. This was  probably  never a problem for animals--any animal that spent too much  time  worrying about what might happen would not be very successful  contributing to  the gene pool. It is interesting to speculate that only when humans developed  culture and began degeneratinggenetically, could large numbers of people  survive with genes that  led them to spend alot of time in decoupled modes.  Hence, we  have philosophy and this book, which is mostly about running the  decision templates in decoupled mode where there are no real  consequencesexcept earning royalties for putting the results  in a book for other people to  use to run their engines in decoupled mode.' Let us alter Wittgenstein's quote to read:  ''As longas there continues to be a verb 'to decide'  that looks as if it functions in the same way as 'to  eat' and 'to  drink',as long as we continueto talk of  freedom of action, of saying I  wish I had done otherwise,  etc., etc., people will keepstumbling over the  samepuzzling  difficulties andfind themselves staring atsomethingwhich  no  explanation seems capable of clearing up.''As withmost philosophy books, nearly every page, often every paragraph,  changes from one type of language  game to another without  noticing that now one would have to be joking or  dreaming  or acting in a play or reciting a story , etc, and not actually  intending anything nor describing an actual situation in the  world. On page  10 he says we count on free will for the  whole way of thinking about our lives,  like we count on food  and water, but who ever, outside philosophy, standing in  front  of lunch counter full of food, ever thinks how fine it is that  they  have free will so they can pick coke instead of mineral  water? Even if I  want to be a serious compatibilist and  try thinking this in decoupled mode, I  have to exit and  enter nondecoupled mode to make the actual choice. Only then  can I go back to decoupled mode to wonder what might have  happened if I had  not had the ability to make a real choice.  Wittgenstein noted how pretend  games are parasitic on real ones(this is not a trivial observation!).  The ability to engage in very complex  decoupled scenarios  is already evident in 4 year old children. So I would say  that normally, nobody counts on having choice, but rather we just choose.On the same page he shows again that he does not grasp cognitive  basics.  He says we learn to conduct our lives in the conceptual  atmosphere of choice,  and that `'It appears to be a stable  and ahistorical construct, as eternal  and unchanging as arithmetic,  but it is not.'' And on page 13--''It is an  evolved creation  of human activity and beliefs''. The whole thrust of  cognitive  psychology is that we do NOT learn the basics of planning, deciding,  promising, resenting, etc, but that these are built-in functions  of the  inference engines that work automatically and unconsciously  and start running  in very early childhood. There is no evidence  that they change as we grow,  or are in any way subject to  our beliefs,only  that they mature just as our body does.On pg 14 he suggests  its probable that our having free will depends on our believing  we have  it!  Do we believe we see an apple, feel a pain, are  happy? The language  game of belief is very different from  that of knowing. We can believe we have  a dollar in our  pocket but if we take it out and look at it we can't  meaningfully  then say that we still believe it(except as a joke etc.). The  inference engine can run in decoupled(belief) mode so we can  imagine havingchoices or making them, but in life we just make them and it is only in very  odd situations we can say  that we believe we made a choice. But Dennett is  saying thisis the universal case. If making a choice had any dependence on belief than so would everything everything else--consciousness,  seeing,  thinking,etc. If we take this seriously(and he says 'the serious problems of  free will' ) then we are getting  into trouble and if we actually try to apply  it to life, then madness is minutes away..On page 65 et seq., he  discusses causation, intention and the `informal predicates'  that we use to  describe atoms etc, but cognitive resarch has  shown that we describe all  objects with a limited number of  ontological categories which we analyse with  our intuitive physics  modules and that when agents (ie animals or people or  things  like them--ie, ghosts or gods) are involved we use our  concepts (engines)  for agency, intuitive psychology, social minds, etc to  decide  how to behave. There is almost certainly no causation module  but  rather it will involve all of these and other inference  engines, depending on  the precise situation. Discussing  possibility and necessity is much  easier if  one talks in terms of the output of our modules for intuitive  physics,  agency, ontological categories etc. Of course there is no mention  here of Wittgenstein's many incisive comments on causation,  intention,  deciding, nor of Searle's now classic works  on Intention and Social Reality.He spends much time on  Ainslie's book 'Breakdown of Will', in which is  discussed  the hyperbolic discounting faculties (ie, inference engines) by which  we evaluate probable outcomes.Hemakes much of the excellent work of Robert Frank on altruism, emotion and economics, but the book he cites was 15 years old when this book was published. It was Bingham's idea, amplified by Frank and by Boyd and Richardson (1992) that  cooperation  was greatly stimulated by the evolution of means for punishing cheaters. He suggests these as examples of Darwinian approaches  that areobligatory and promising. Indeed they are, and  in fact they are standard  parts of economic, evolutionary  and cognitive theory, but unfortunately, he  makes little reference  to the other work in these fields. All that work tends to show that people do not choose but their brains choose for them. He does not establish any convincing connection between this work and the general problem of choice.Onpg 216 he says that making oneself so  that one could not have  done otherwise is a key innovation in  the evolutionary ascent to free will,  and that we can only  be free if we learn how to render ourselves insensitive  to  opportunities. But where this ability resides is not revealed  for  several chapters! Dennett has a penchant for hiding  his ideas in a massive  amount of rather irrelevant text.  Again, he gets things backwards, as there is  a vast body of  very good evidence from biology and psychology that we are get  the feelings that we should behave in some way from our inference engines and  these are not provided by some part of our conscious  self, but by the automatic and unconscious operation of the  engines. As he notes, hundreds of experiments  with the Prisoner's Dilemma  and related protocols have shown how easy it is to  manipulate  people's choices and that their calculations are not conscious  and  deliberate at all. When the situation is manipulated to  make them conscious,they are much slower and  less reliable. So, there has been  constant pressure of natural  selection to make the engines fast and automatic  and inacessible  to deliberate thought.Dennett says `we make ourselves'  so  that we could not do otherwise and that this is the basis  of morality and  choice. The evidence would seem to be exactly  the opposite. Our inference engines give  us basic moral intuitions and  we generally act in accord with the results.  If we or others  do not we feel guilt, outrage, resentment etc, then cheater genes will invade the population and this is one of the main theories as to how a good part of morality evolved.Our genes make us so we can't(mostly) do otherwise, not our will or whatever Dennett thinks can do it.   We can often choose to do otherwise but our own  intuitions and the knowledge of social disapproval  usually serve to limit our choices. These intuitions evolved  in small groups between 50,000 and some  millions of years ago. In the modern world the intuitions are often not to  our  advantage and the social controls weak. This is a prime reasonfor the chaos in the world.On pg  225 he finally sneaks in a definition of free will  as ''a complicated snarl of mechanistic causes that look likedecision making(from certain angles)''. He claims that thisplays all the valuable  roles of free will but lacks some  (unspecified) properties possessed by  traditional free will.  The smoke is thick but I  am pretty  sure one of those unspecified properties is what we understand aschoice. He insists(top pg 226) that his naturalistic  account of decision  making leaves plenty of room for moral  responsibility, but making ourselves so  we couldn't do otherwise  does not seem to describe the way we actually  function, nor  does it seem to leave any room for morality, as that would seem  to consist precisely in being able to do otherwise.He  does not propose  any test for deciding if a choice is voluntary  or forced and I doubt he could  do so. Normally if someone  asks us to move our hand, we know what counts as  having a  choice, but, typical of philosophers, I expect that regardless  of  whether it moves or not he will count both as evidence for his position.At this point he also starts his discussion of Libet's well known work on conscious attention which is the only part of the book that I felt was worth my time.On page 253 et seq., he sneaks in his definition of conscious will--the  ''brains user illusion  of itself''' which has as one of its main roles  providing  ''me with the means of interfacing with myself at other times``.  And ``Illusory or not, conscious will is the persons guide  to his or her own  moral responsibility for action.`` He says  the trick we need is to see that  ``I`' control what is happening  inside the ''simplification barrier''...  ''where decision  making happens''. ``Mental events'' become conscious by  ''entering  into memory''. ''The process of self description... is  what we  are''. The crucial thing is that choice is possible  because the self is  distributed over space(the brain) and time(memories).  He realizes this is  going to leave many incredulous(everyone who can follow this and really understands!). ''I know that many  people find it hard to graspthis idea or take it seriously. It seems to them  to be a trickwith mirrors, some kind of verbal slight of hand that whisksconsciousness, and the real Self , out of the picture just when it was about to  be introduced.'' Many will say he took the words out of their mouth, but I would  say it's incoherent and  thateverythingwe know about consciousness and the whole  universe(making the obvious extensions of such claims)  was gone long beforewegot this far.On pg 259 he says that culture has made us rational animals!  This is a stunning denial of human nature(ie, genetics and evolution) coming from the person who wrote 'Darwin's Dangerous Idea''!  Presumably he is talking about his idea that it is memories spread over space(the brain and other people) and time that give us choices and morals and consciousness(line 6 from bottom).  He says consciousness is a user-interface but it is never made clear who or where the user is and how it interfaces with the brain(you will have to suffer through 'Consciousness Explained to find that there is no answer there either).  Though he makes many references to evolutionary and cognitive psychology, he seldom uses any of the terminology that has been current for decades(social mind, intuitive psychology, coalitional intuitions etc) and clearly is not familiar with most of the concepts. If he means that we got the fine details of morality from culture, thats ok, but this is the icing on the cake and the cake was baked by the genes.We are also told here that R&D(by which he means evolution here, but other things elsewhere) has given us the self  and that language creates new kind of consciousness and morality.  I am sure that he will get little agreement on this.  It seems quite clear that consciousness and the basics of morality evolved in primates(and earlier) long before spoken language(though it is a very deep topic as to how language evolved from extant capacities in the brain).  He continues ``morality memes arose by accident some tens of thousands of years ago`` which would be OK if he meant the icing on the cake but he clearly means the cake!  And then he says the point of morality is not the survival of our genes, which is an amazing (and totally incorrect)thing to say, even if he was only referring to memes.On pg 260 he claims  that  because we do not comprehend our ''bland dispositions  to cooperate'', they  mean nothing to us, but it is the operation  of our templates that is  everything to us. There is ample  evidence that if one of them is damaged a  person cannot function  properly as a social being(eg, autism).  I would say it is the operation of the templates for intuitive psychology etc which lead Dennett to the counterintuitive views that we do not have consciousness and choice in the way we think.He also says here that it was one of the major  evolutionary transitions when we were able to change our views and reflect on reasons for them. This again reflects his lack of understanding of evolutionary psychology.  I know of no evidence that the basic moral intuitions, like all the templates, are accessible to consciousness.  We may decide our cheating was justifiable, or forgive someone else's cheating, but we still know it was cheating(ie, we cannot change the engine). I suspect my ancestors a million years ago had the same feelings in the same situation but what has happened is that there are lots of other things that may be taken as relevant and that sometimes these will lead me to act contrary to my feelings.  Another issue is that as culture developed, one had to make many important or 'moral type` decisions for which the engines were not evolved to give a clear answer.On pg 267 he says that we now replace our `free floating rationales'(probably corresponding to what cognitive psychologists call our templates or inference engines) with reflection and mutual persuasion. And on pg 286 he says that it is a child's upbringing --demanding and giving reasons-- that affects moral reasoning. Again, he just has no grasp of what has happened in the last 30 years of research--the templates do not change with reflection or upbringing. We are then told again that consciousness makes moral issues available over time to the self, which takes responsibility.  It is not any more coherent or credible with repetition.On pg 289 he has a chapter summary which repeats the mistaken notions that it is culture that makes it possible to reflect and that choice depends on education(memory) and sharing.  It's clear that it is not culture but the inherited cognitive structures that make it possible to reflect and to choose and that culture determines the acceptable actions and their rewards or punishments. On pg 303 he discusses the classic philosophical barrier between 'ought'and 'is' , unaware that our templates solved that problem long ago--ie, they tell us how to feel about situations regarding other people.  He also seems to be unaware that there are hundreds of cultural universals implanted in our genes(eg see 'The Blank Slate').He often starts into what looks like its going to be a good discussion of some issue in evolutionary psychology, but invariably wanders off into philosophical arcana and winds up with more confusion.  This happens on pg 261 where he states that concepts like 'praiseworthy' were shaped over millennia by culture, while most would say the basis for such concepts is in the genes and each culture only detetermines the details of acceptable reactions to the intuitions its members get from their innate mechanisms.   On pg 262 he tries to explain how an ESS(Evolutionarily Stable Strategy) can produce morality. His idea here is that genetic `R&D` produces dim understandings of morals and then culture(memetics) produces variations and clarifications.  I would say that we all know, and much research has made clear, that we commonly get very clear results from our inference engines and only dimly understand in special cases.  Culture merely decides what we can do about our feelings.The last part of the book is mostly  concerned  with moral culpability. He refers to the legal classic by Hart  and  Honore, which I started reading 30 years ago since it's  authors were deeply influenced by Wittgenstein.  Dennett tells us that we have  control over our own morality and  that thinking about morality will improve us.  But, there seems  no justification whatever for this view in this book. There is nothing at  all  here to help anyone escape from the dictates of the monkey mind. It is a defensible point of view that those who manage this do so by traveling a spiritual path that  has no connection with philosophy- and there is not a hint of  spirituality in this entire book--another telling point considering that many mystics have fascinating things to say about the functioning of the mind. I find  more wisdom about how  to be free and moral in any of Osho's 200 books than anywhere in philosophy. One rarely finds spiritually and morally  advanced people teaching at universities. There is no sign here, nor in  anything he has done, that Dennett is morally superior. After 40 years of thinking about morality he launches personal attacks on his critics or arrogantly dismisses them.  It seems clear that, like all of us, he is trapped in the limits of his inference engines.So, how much opportunity is there to  improve our morality? It seems  clear(eg, see Pinker's `The Blank Slate`) that  most of our behaviour  is genetic and the rest due to unknown factors in our  environment, in spite of the vigorous efforts of parents and religions and political parties. On  average, maybe 5% of the variation in moral behavior(variations are the only thing we can  study) is due to our own efforts. The moral choices that matter  most today are  those affecting the fate of the world. But our moral templates were not evolved to deal with overpopulation and the greenhouse effect.How remarkable it would be if just one of the hundreds of millions of educated people in the world managed to figure out what consiousness or choice or any mental phenomenon really is.  And if one did, we would expect them to be a scientist at the cutting edge of research using some exotic fMRI  equipment and the latest parallel processing neural networked fuzzy logic computer etc.  But a philosopher or physicist just sitting there thinking, coming up with the solution to the greatest puzzle there is!  And then writing a whole book about it without checking with the sceptics first.  To return to the quote at the beginning--'Ambition is the death of thought'.  Indeed--though clearly Wittgenstein was thinking of interesting thoughts
Wrong Information. The author of this book needs to check his research next time. He wrongly claims that the early settlement of Auraria grew into the present suburb of Aurora--page 45. This is completely incorrect. Auraria was located on the west side of present down-town Denver and merged with Denver in the mid 1800s. Currently the Auraria Higher Education Center, a tri-institutional campus, rests atop the former location of Auraria. Aurora can be found east of down-town Denver and is an independent suburb of Denver. There is no physical way that Auraria became Aurora. How can the author claim to know the hidden charms of Colorado when he demonstrates a complete lack of understanding regarding the state's history and geography
PLEASE...don't waste your time. I bought this book because of the 4 star rating by readers.  Let me be candid....what the hell were they reading?  This book is simply insipid, implausible and a waste of time.  Get this for a premise....rich, geeky guy buys a major league baseball team called the "Connecticut Nutmegs"!  Nutmegs for a major league team??!!  Yeah, right.  It gets better....he has an incredibly sexy girl friend who stars in the C-list movies he produces....ok hold on to your seats, here comes the good part....she is going to be his star player on this MAJOR LEAGUE BASEBALL team!!  Why, because in college she was an excellent athlete.  So some buxom starlet who ran track in college is going to play major league baseball!!  Am I the only one who thinks this is plain stupid.  Oh, yeah there's a murder along the way.  Parker (author) must have pictures of the publisher having sex with a goat otherwise I can't think of a reason why it got published.
The New Age Magic Eight Ball. I'm a retired Drama Coach, now a Life Coach.  Always looking for new techniques with which to help my clients, I bought (and read) The Sedona Method.  It can be summed up in less than one page.  The "Method" is basic NLP -- very simple, basic NLP.But the book goes on and on and on.  The author stirs a little philosophy in with a lot of rhetoric, primarily telling the reader what he/she is going to learn.  Over and over and over.  One long pep talk/sales pitch.  There is also a multitude of disclaimers that if the reader does not have success with the "Method," it is the fault of the reader rather than any failing on the part of the "Method."Towards the end of the book, the chapter titles begin to sound enticing, as if the reader is actually going to be told how to create this wonderful life of perfection which has been promised for the last two days worth of reading.  But the author fails again, giving very weak little techniques, again couched in rhetoric.I get the feeling this very naive author learned a little about NLP, took an incomplete in Philosophy 101, and decided to make a "Method" out of it.  He also seems to have some doubts about his capabilities, because there are very tired "testimonials" highlighted about every other page.  I'm returning my copy of the ridiculous book, but feel sorry for those who think they're actually learning something when, in reality, they're just brainwashed into thinking it's all going to happen like magic.Let's get real.  Healing (financial, physical, emotional, or of any other kind) doesn't happen like magic.  Yes, truths can be simple.  Yes, NLP works.  No, this book doesn't give the reader enough real information to make things happen.I managed to get in touch with three people who went all the way with The Sedona Method.  One attended a very pricey seminar.  The other two bought the entire audio course for two hundred and fifty dollars.  All three agree that they learned something.  Here's how to do it:Get "in touch" with (feel)what you are feeling right now, and ask yourself the following . . . .1.   Could you allow yourself to let this feeling go?2.   Would you let it go?3.   When?If you answer "no," you need to keep working or try again later.  If you said "yes," well, just release it.  Picture it bursting like a bubble, or feel it leaving your body.That's it.There are some wonderful techniques out there that actually produce results.  Unfortunately, this isn't one of them.
If you want positive - find another book. Kathy may have been doing dog training for 20+ years but she isn't staying current with what's happening in dog training. Sure she implies that she is using positive training because she's using food, but she's also telling people how to correctly leash pop their dog. Even with the food training she's using 'okay' as a release word which means that anytime that your dog hears this word in a conversation around it, it is ok for it to break from whatever behavior it was currently doing.If you want a New Jersey dog trainer check out Pamela Dennison and her great books - The Complete Idiot's Guide to Positive Dog Training, How to Right a Dog Gone Wrong, Bringing Light to Shadow: A Dog Trainer's Diary. I would also highly recommend Pat Miller's Positive Perspectives: Love Your Dog, Train Your Dog, or The Power of Positive Dog Training.
a book with LOTS OF ERRORS. This is a book for people who do NOT work on designing video devices.  If you want to build something based on this book, your design will most likely fail since there are many ERRORS in the book.  BUT if you want to FOOL your boss on some paper design or FOOL some employers to get a JOB, this is a book for you since it is easy to read and you don't need any knowledge beyond high school
Not so hot -- worst of series. B"HI've liked all of the Dianne Mott Davidson books, but this was the weakest, by far.  What a snotty kid Arch has turned into -- made worse by the fact that the new character, Liz, also has a spoiled brat. The both need a dose of Dr. Laura.It's one thing to create unsavory characters to heighten tension, it's quite another to fill the book with them. In this one, there's no one to like -- It actually occured to me to wonder who really wrote this thing.Maybe it's time to leave Goldy and Liz to their futures of bailing out their kids -- literally -- and focus on Julian, instead. He's the only one to have his act together.So-so plot, annoying characters, not especially interesting recipes.  I won't be looking forward to the next one quite as much...
I WILL TRY AGAIN. I read this book after it was recommended to me and I came with high expectations, maybe too high. While I respect the writer as a sucessful author I was quite disappointed with this book. It was not the type of writing and storyline I expected.  The book forced me to ask myself if I was starved for more drama or could a simple, fairy-tale story satisfy my thirst? I did want to see more. When I noticed that I was getting very close to the end and nothing happened yet, not even a sex scene, I was wanting something to explode, some gun to go off, something to put me on the edge of my seat and cause me to escape, SOMETHING! I found myself skipping over pages while reading because I was uninterested in conversations, hoping to get to something, something that would drive me and make me say, "I didn't see that coming!" But that didn't happen. Everything was predicable to the very end. And the end was just that, the end, as one reviewer wrote, "The ride off into the sunset" toward D.C and while I wanted very much to feel good and say "Ah, wasn't that sweet?" it wasn't the heart candy that I believe the author was trying to give us. It fell very very short of that. The past life time storyline was just too ill-developed and not at all believeable even if I am one that believes in such possibilities.  I would have loved to have seen that developed more! With that said, I am very sure I will read another book by this author because I know she is an excellent writer. I will give her another try. She's proven herself, but this book just didn't do it for me
A Message to the Author and APRESS - Rather Steep Learning Curve. I have rated this book 2 stars as a message to the author. I have bought copies of both editions in c# and downloaded and tried CSLA .NET, but had to reject it for application development. My reason for rejecting it is that frameworks are supposed to save you time not increase time to market by a very steep learning curve.I think the CSLA framework is near great - very good. The book is however an example of atrocious writing from a great software architect whose forte is probably not writing. Mr. Lhotka, does a LOT of diservice to his great framework and thereby devalues it, by writing such a poor book. Not that the book is full of errors, no! Really he or an associate of his should have written at least two books:1. CSLA Application Developers' Guide (or some title to that effect). This book would be a 500 - 800 page book with at least a few complete examples, that demonstrate how to develop complete applications in CSLA.2. CSLA Internals Guide (another 500 - 800 page book) that explains the CSLA framework design and code in detail and provides guidance on extending or customizing it.Alternatively the author could have combined the contents of the proposed books 1 and 2 above into a 1200 or so page tome with close to 70% of the book spent on how to develop applications with the framework.A third book, probably an online HTML help format one would be the reference manual.As it stands the author does not quite help either  developers or extenders and makes the learning curve rather steep. With the quality of the framework, it would have been extremely popular.Until the author provides better documentation a better-documented framework is available in 'Developing Application Frameworks In .NET' by Xin Chen. I would have preferred Mr. Lhotka's framework, but the the documentation is outrageously bad. Mr. Chen's much smaller book and simpler framework is much more easily understand and easier to extend
Where did the villain come from??. Am I the only one who read this book?? The Killer's identity is revealed only in the last 20 pages or so. There were no clues prior to that as to his identity, except for the existence of a chat room - out of left field. And why didn't the librarian get more credit in the end in solving the crime?  Also, there was no connection between the drive-by murders and the serial killings. What a long book to slog through, for such a disappointing ending!
Bla Bla -- Bad Bad. This book of trivia had the most typographical errors of any book I have read in 40 years!  The grammar was also questionable on many pages.  Even its facts were sometimes way off - Elvis Presley's deceased twin brother's name was Garon! (really Aron)Save your $9.95 and buy a really good trivia book.
INSIDIOUS!. The boorish broad from Baltimore strikes again! What makes this book so insidious is the way that the heroine peppers her pseudo-intellectual do-goodisms with an underlying capitalist mentality. Given her background,  she should know better. Shame on you girl
More fiction than history. This book enlightens us more about the author, Thomas Fleming - his libertarian and paleo-conservative biases - than it does about Franklin Roosevelt, the New Deal, or World War II. Buyers should beware that this is not a balanced or even-handed discussion of the events or people it purports to explain. Rather, it seems to be a book hell-bent on proving its thesis that: the New Deal was a failure; Franklin Roosevelt manipulated the U.S. and other countries into war in order to spread his socialist and interventionist philosophies world-wide; and that his conduct of the war was incompetent and hypocritical.Let us look at some of the assertions of this book. One of the more bizarre is the contention that Roosevelt lured Japan into attacking the U.S. so that Germany would declare war on us. If you think this reasoning is more than a little far-fetched, you would be right. In the first place, if FDR had wanted to provoke incidents that might have more directly led to war with Germany, he had many opportunities to do so. For example, in 1941 we were reading German naval codes, and often knew where their submarines were located. Had FDR wanted to push the U.S. into war with Germany, he could have suppressed the intelligence, which would have led to more military confrontation in the North Atlantic, and greater chances that war would break out. Instead, every effort was made to avoid contact with the German navy. Even if one accepts that FDR wanted war with Japan (and the evidence argues against this), to argue that the Japanese were "lured" into attacking us in order to get Hitler to declare war is simply loony. Fleming seems to be asserting that Hitler and Tojo were mere pawns whose precise actions could be fully anticipated - and were indeed caused - by a scheming FDR.In another example, Fleming takes Roosevelt to task for his unconditional surrender policy announced at the Casablanca Conference in January, 1943. In Fleming's account, FDR's only reason for announcing this policy was crassly political and irresponsible: to consolidate his political base at home after the midterm elections in the Fall of 1942. Fleming suggests that this policy lengthened the war because it gave Germany no option but to fight to the end. Even if one accepts this debatable conclusion, Fleming fails to mention the much more proximate and important reasons for FDR's announcement: the course of the war on the eastern front and relations that existed between the Western Powers and the Soviet Union at that time. Although the Soviets were in the process of inflicting a crushing defeat on the Germans at Stalingrad, there was cause to worry that the Germans would try to negotiate a separate peace with Moscow that Stalin might accept. Indeed, Roosevelt knew (because we had broken their diplomatic codes) that the Japanese were encouraging the Germans to reach an armistice with the Soviets. (This would become an even greater worry for the U.S. and Great Britain a couple of months later, when a stunningly successful German counter-attack shook Soviet resolve and morale.) The result of such an armistice would have enabled Hitler to concentrate his forces in the west, making an invasion of the continent much more costly and even, perhaps, providing the Germans with the strength to invade England. Add to this background the fact that right up until the start of Soviet-German hostilities, the Soviet Union had been negotiating with the Germans to become a signatory to the Tripartite Pact, again at the urging of both Italy and Japan. Roosevelt knew that Stalin was deeply suspicious of the western allies' intentions and resolve, dramatically and worryingly signified by his absence from the conference. If the need to demonstrate commitment and resolve to a wavering ally is not good enough reason for Roosevelt's unconditional surrender policy, consider the moral context. Given the atrocities the Germans were known to be committing, any conclusion to the war short of unconditional surrender would imply negotiating peace with mass murderers. None of these facts make it into Fleming's description of this event.A final example of Fleming's biases is his description of the Yalta conference. First of all, he represents speculations about Roosevelt's health problems (cancer, strokes) as if they were fact. Roosevelt's actual health problems (high blood pressure and congestive heart failure) have been well-documented and fit with eyewitness accounts of the President's behavior.  It is clear that Roosevelt was an ill man, but records of the Yalta conference are equally clear in showing that FDR was in complete command of his mental faculties and aware of the problems that faced the allies in the post-war period, particularly in Poland. In fact, the agreements at the Yalta conference guaranteed that the Poles would have an opportunity to freely choose their government. It is also clear -- from an exchange of angry telegrams following his return from the conference -- that Roosevelt recognized prior to his death that Stalin was breaking the agreement he signed at Yalta. Thus the historical record is unequivocal: contrary to the old canard (perpetuated by Fleming) that Roosevelt "gave away" Eastern Europe to the Soviets at Yalta, Stalin violated the agreement and Roosevelt called him on it. Of course, Fleming does not include these facts because they do not support his anti-Roosevelt bias.There are many other examples of Fleming's obtuse and biased approach to the people and events surrounding the War. Regrettably, the author's Libertarian ideology and resulting antipathy toward "big government" and internationalism has gotten in the way of sound historical analysis. The people were much more complicated and the events more multi-determined than a reading of this book would lead one to believe. In the end, "New Dealers' War" would be better categorized as historical fiction than history.
Streetwise Mexico City = Junk!. Worst map/purchase ever made, never again.Look like Mexico City is totally incomplete & I know Mexico City.This was purchased for a friend who is traveling to the city of Mexico
Amateur-hour scrawlings of a drunk. Poor man was so confused, he couldn't complete a thought and mistook his confusion for enlightenment. If he'd only seen a psychiatrist for his mother issues and latent homosexuality, maybe he'd have been able to finish more than a handful of books in his lifetime
Full of errors, based on Beta version of game. Don't buy this. There's more accurate information online about HOMM5. This is the poorest Game Guide I've ever bought
Severely Outdated  & Worthless. The book was written before the peso devaluation and subsequent crisis and is utterly useless unless you need a paperweight.  This 3rd Edition is dated March 2002, and all hotel and restaurant pricing is from pre-devaluation. I spent November 2004 in Buenoes Aires and am headed back January 19, 2005.  Buy Time Out Buenos Aires instead: Second Edition 2004.  It is perfect
Randal Terry proxy. Wolf's religious conversion to the anti-choice cult winning citations from Priests for life among other seedy sources makes her a good candidate for sermonizing at a Promise Keeper rally. Wolf is a charlatan, whose moral  dictates are cheap and limited to mystics. The pulpy format of this  paperback compliments it's content
LAME!. I bought this book to learn about switching power supplies. The types are not dicussed. The formulas given to calculate inductor values generate results that contradict each other and don't make sense. Reads like a poorly written application note
A good book for indiscriminate followers. If you are looking for a pro socialist (but surprisingly anti-postmodern) and horribly pessimistic view of American society, I recommend this book.  If you like vague generalizations and loosely correlated (but very interesting) facts presented as truth, The Cheating Culture is for you.Apparently people cheat.  Cheating is a new phenomenon that has swept our nation.  It seems that today, people are cheating on their taxes; corporations are fudging their books, practicing insider trading and misrepresenting themselves.  All of these brand new ideas are sweeping the nation, and now, even the common citizen is cheating.  I know it's hard to believe, but Mr. Callahan told me so.  The past was this beautiful place, where no one ever cheated.  Corporations were beacons of morality and it was rare to see anyone cheat, except for maybe Robin Hood, but that was for the greater good.  This na?ve and somewhat ignorant banter is the idealized notion of the past and horribly generalized version of the present I found presented in Callahan's book.  Corporate lawyers pad their hours therefore secretaries steal more pens.  I am all for random associations, in fact, I thought Freakonomics and The Quark and the Jaguar were both great books.  But where these books differ is in the consideration of controls and variables.  It seems Callahan doesn't believe his hypothesis needs controls and variables.In my opinion, The Cheating Culture is a weak argument (though perhaps a semi-valid notion) that lacks credibility.  One would think (or he would hope) that the flood of statistical data given in his book would denote some scientific validity (looking at other reviews he succeeded in some cases).  Alas, this book is sans science.  The superlative language Callahan uses (worse, greater, more, etc.) lacks any statistical point of reference to judge whether cheating is indeed worse, greater, etc.  When there is a point of reference given he doesn't account for purchasing power parity or other relevant factors.  I liken his argument to noticing that Americans make more money than they did in the 50's and then concluding that Americans today are rich.  A simple conclusion, and a wrong one.  There is too much pertinent information left out of his argument to consider it credible.Here are some extremely valid factors that Callahan leaves out: Population growth - there are more people to cheat (per capita) which makes cheating more visible; Information Technology - information is disseminated more, more quickly, and to more people (perhaps we are just more aware of cheating); `Old and Fewer Pressures' - in contrast to Callahan's thoughts, the pressure to cheat is not new at all nor is it greater than ever before, the cost of living is less than it was 20, 30, or 50 years ago, unemployment rates are down from 20, 30, or 50 years ago, and the stakes are incomparable (cheating for survival during the Great Depression vs. cheating to get a BMW, tax write off, or yet another million added onto one's salary); Entrepreneurship - there are 10.5 million self employed Americans, this is a ripe environment to bypass corporate pressures and start your own business.Again, I am not saying Callahan is completely wrong but that there is insufficient evidence in his book to back up his claims.  Cheating is a real problem that does impact society. There are interesting points in this book, however it is not at all worth reading the entire thing.
Very Disappointing. I'm a long time fan of Iris Johansen's books, but I found On The Run very disappointing. The character and relationship development was weak when compared to her many other excellent books. The plot had potential, but tended to drag on. It didn't help that I found obvious holes in the plot.I wouldn't recommend this book to anyone knowledgeable about horses. There were glaring errors in details specific to horses that I found very distracting. I usually find horse-related errors in fiction, but some of these errors were fundamental to the plot so key story elements became too unrealistic for the plot to be successful for me ... even as fiction.With better research and attention to detail regarding the horses, the plot that focused so much on horses could have been adjusted to work well. Non-horsemen wouldn't be aware of the errors and perhaps they would enjoy this book. Many other Johansen books have been keepers for me to re-read, but not this book.
Entertaining but Incredibly Flawed. What can I say about Eva Peron that hasn't already been said? Her unparalleled power & beauty have become legendary and so has her bad reputation. Was she really as ruthless as her notoriety leads us to believe? It depends on who you ask and what you read.John Barnes biography has been translated to several languages and it has been re-issued several times but this is not an accurate biography of the enigmatic and now mythic Eva Peron. There are too many inaccuracies that just fuel the myths and Barnes' account reads more like a tabloid. It's a watered-down, less hateful version of Mary Main's "The Woman with the Whip". Both biographies are very similar in tone. The main difference between the two is that John Barnes does give Eva Peron credit for some of her accomplishments especially with her foundation. Main, on the other hand does not and she cites greed, hatred and megalomania as the reasons behind all of Eva's achievements. Main also accuses Evita of being personally responsible for the atrocities committed by the state police during the first Peronist period knowing full well that there isn't the slightest shred of evidence. She even states so in her book ("There is no proof"). John Barnes doesn't and for this I give him credit.One of my complaints with the newer versions of John Barnes' biography is that the epilogue is omitted. Those who are interested in purchasing this book are better off getting their hands on a good used copy of the original instead. The epilogue is interesting because despite the author's negative portrayal of Eva Peron, it clearly demonstrates that when all is said and done, the administrations that followed Peron and Evita were far worse. Even by the opposition's point of view. Barnes does a side by side comparison between Videla's chaotic Argentina of the 70's to Peron's less destructive and more popular form of government. He states that Peron may have had some of his enemies imprisoned but "they all came out alive". That is not the case with later Argentine administrations where thousands were systematically locked up, tortured and killed. Even children and the elderly were not safe.Having read countless biographies of Eva Peron in both Spanish and English, both pro and anti-Peronist, I can frankly state I know alot about Eva Peron including all of the myths surrounding her persona. In my opinion, the best biography of Eva Peron in the English language is Nicholas Fraser & Maryssa Navarro's informative and well researched book. Like Barnes book, it has been re-issued several times under several titles, the most current being "Evita: The Real Life of Eva Peron". JM Taylor's "Eva Peron: The Myths of a Woman" is also helpful and well documented and Robert Crassweller's "Peron and the Enigmas of Argentina" is well researched, well-written and is one of the best Peron biographies available anywhere. There is a huge difference between the woman portrayed in the books I mentioned above and the heinous character depicted here. The Eva Peron that John Barnes presents to us was an extraordinary woman but incredibly ruthless, vain and unpleasant. It's the exact same Eva Peron portrayed in the erroneous musical that bears her name. Like many other anti-Evita biographers before and after, Barnes is clearly fascinated by Eva Duarte despite the harsh character flaws he sees in her. Mary Main, Tim Rice, George Bruce, WA Harbinson, all have written scandalous and in some instances down-right malicious books about the woman and display her as an ambitious monster who squashed anyone that got in her way but for some reason, they did not hate her, at least not to the extent you'd expect. Why is that? Was it because she was a woman? Was it because she was so young and beautiful? The director of the stage play, Harold Prince stated that in his opinion Eva Peron was a "villian" corrupted by power but something about her drew him to her and he cited her gender as one of the reasons. Composer Andrew Lloyd Webber stated that Evita was "extremely attractive" and possessed qualities that were admirable despite being the most "unsympathetic" character he has ever written music for. For those like Prince and Webber, who consider Eva to be an amoral, murderous dictator it's hard to believe that they would feel any kind of sympathy towards her but like Barnes, they do. Eva's youth, gender, glamour and charisma have a lot to do with it but in Eva Peron's case it's something more. There is something about her that intrigues even those who despise her and that is rare. One should also keep in mind that if Evita has become "immortal", her detractors are as much to blame for this as her admirer's. John Barnes' book tries hard to condemn her but in the end, it loves her to pieces."Evita First Lady: A Biography of Eva Peron" is an entertaining read but it's too flawed, too historically inaccurate to be considered a good biography. Maryssa Navarro, Nicholas Fraser, JM Taylor, A Dujovne Ortiz, Robert Crassweller and a countless others have done better. Give their books a try before committing your time to this unless you are more interested in reading a more sensationalized and imprecise narrative of Eva Duarte de Peron's life story
Not a Good Tie In. Smallville fans will buy this book because there isn't enough books on Smallville.  However, you will be disappointed because there are tons of errors, misspellings, flawed characterizations.  Lana screaming pathetically?  For example, Lana's no superhero like Clark, but she has never been a wimp.  The scenes   of the freak Dragon killing off his victims are beyond family fare unlike the television series.  Who is this author writing for? Not anyone who watches Smallville.
A VERY Misleading Title!. Buyer Beware!  This book, titled, "Stealing Love: Confessions of a Dognapper" doesn't begin to even MENTION the author's dognapping until page 237 (in a book that is 267 pages long), and those events are just a minor part of what the book is really about -- the author's unfortunate and unhappy childhood.I purchased this book in an airport bookstore and then struggled through it on a 6-hour flight, wondering when the dognapping was going to start?  Thank goodness Amazon has reduced the selling price significantly -- this book is not worth the $23.00 list price
"The Glorious Cause" is glorious. This is one of the best books I have ever read on the Revolutionary War.  Even though it is technically classified as a novel, it is accurately presented history. Mr. Shaara obviously did a lot of research for this book, and presented the historical events accurately, as well as presenting dialogue in such a way that it was totally believable.  The main participants in the Revolutionary War were presented not as gods, but as truly great and courageous men and women.  He also presented the details of battles, troop movements, condition of troops, and maps of battle locations in such a way that the reader is completely captivated and a vicarious participant in the events.  I have a better understanding of the Revolutionary War years than I have ever had, and would highly recommend this book to every American who would like to have a better understanding of the founding of our wonderful country.
so what's a 5 piece place setting worth?. Just a simple question, right? Wrong! I paid a lot of moneyhoping to find an answer to my question. This book is for a collectorwho already knows what the flow blue pieces are worth. If you're a beginning collector, save your money
Strange, strange choices. This is not the translation by Arthur Waley (which is very good) but the one by D.C. Lau. Since Lau's translation was first published, a number of advances have been made in the field of Warring States Period scholarship which render a fair amount of the supporting material obsolete (see &quot;The Original Analects&quot; by Brooks and Brooks for the latest). As for the translation itself, it's rife with awkward and mystifying word choices -- for instance, in a passage in chapter 11 in which the disciple Zilu (Tzu-lu, in Wade-Giles romanization, which Lau uses) gets the better of Confucius in an argument, Waley translates the Master's retort, &quot;It is remarks of that kind that make me hate glib people,&quot; and the Brookses and Huang Chichung make similar choices; but Lau renders it, &quot;It is for this reason that I dislike men who are plausible.&quot; Similar mishandlings of connotation appear throughout the book. For an old-fashioned translation, Waley's is a hundred times better
I guess I don't even qualify as a "Dummy". While Stephen Davis is obviously a very competent programmer his teaching skills leave something to be desired. His treatment of the subject of C++ seemed to be more than a little backwards. He goes into great detail about the easy to understand concepts of C++, but when covering the more advanced topics he seems to become preoccupied with making feeble attempts at humor and Nacho Analogies. For me this was more than a little distracting while trying to understand complex programming concepts.After struggling with the book and code examples for a couple of months I was able to write and compile very trivial programs such as "Hello World".Maybe I am not cut out for computer programming so I gave up and decided to put the book on my shelf where it has been collecting dust since
Data, Voice, and Video Cabling. Very dissappointing.  The video cabling section didn't discuss  splitters, taps, attenuators, modulators,signal loss and many other areas of video installation.  The other sections were somewhat better but also lacking in depth.  I've learned more from reading the appendixes in the Leviton Catalog
Disappointing!. Varshney had the opportunity to examine the Hindu-Muslim divide in India using fresh glasses, and he has failed at it. His book is a litany of hackneyed generalizations and simplistic arguments
That didn't taste like I thought it would... I wanted to read some fantasy, some high IQ stuff, some thought-provoking short stories I could read on the DART getting to work. Well, after reading all of these stories, I'm convinced that writers do not submit their prize stories for anthologies. They submit their scraps. That's craps with an extra S. I'm dissapointed. Maybe my expectations were too high. Perhaps if I lower my expectations to what one might expect if judging a suburban high school writing contest...hmmm...no, I'm still dissappointed. The people who put this together owe me $10 just for reading through it. If you read this then you should demand compensation. I am not better off after reading this book. Maybe I didn't do enough shrooms before reading it. :-
Post-modern emergent fluff. Doug starts with a warning cry that pastors and spreachers pose a danger to the church.  He tells us to re-image preaching but in the process reinvents preaching.  progressional dialogue we are told is the way to understand God.  We are told that progressional dialogue should be the new form of preaching.  He exalts dialogue over Biblical exposition.  He puts man and mans thoughts above those of God and his word.Speaching we are told does not work and is dangerous to the Church today.  He says that we need to protect the church from preachers and those that would teach Biblical doctrine.  He is so bold as to call it "relational violence."  He tells us that speaching damages the flocks that pastors shepherd.Doug takes the view that God works in many ways beyond scripture.  He dose not see the faith as once and all delivered to the saints.  He thinks that each us will have our own understanding of God.  Truth seems to have no part in what he is promoting.And his cell phone thing is a joke...He tells his church to leave them on, they might miss something important.Don't waste your time with this.  It's just more post-modern emergent fluff with no real substance
coming out. how bad can she get???? i loved so many of her books....but this one was bad...dont bother....read her older ones.."Echoes " is the best book of hers...i loved it....
Dont buy from amazon. Attn all students! Amazon promises to send books by a specific date then changes the dates without your consent. Trying to get a refund is a nightmare. Be prepared to get stuck without the book and still get the bill. Customer service is outsourced to India and is no help even if you could understand them. 4 wks and counting and still no promised refund. This not the only time this has happened.The issue is not with the seller it is Amazon
Not Received Yet. I have not received this order yet. I am contacting the supplier now
SURVIVING ON THE RUMORS OF ITS SORDID REPUTATION. I heard about this book growing up but didn't read it until just recently (a middle-aged adult) and I have to agree with so many other reviewers who feel its popularity largely stems from the time period in which it was written, i.e., it was SO SHOCKING AND DISGUSTING! Such filth! I mean, that's why I heard about the book when I was growing up. But as so many others have already pointed out, it is tame by today's standards. I also have to agree with another reviewer who wrote that the "female protagonist is completely a male fantasy. The book's message is simply that men like women who are able to climax at the same time as their partners without any need for foreplay or other effort on the man's part..." Now, you see, what struck me about Sir Clifford's situation, and Lady Chatterley's, for that matter, is if they really loved each other, his paralysis from the waist down wouldn't have had to put a stop to his supplying her with orgasms; there ARE other things that can be done, yes? In fact, quite possibly Connie would have had an orgasm for the first time! (Ahem, women readers will know what I mean.) But Clifford treated Connie poorly. With or without the lack of sex issue, I think she would have been emotionally open to an affair anyway. Which to me, just goes to show that a man wrote the book...a man totally out of touch with what really makes a woman tick.
Not what I expected... I found the book description somewhat misleading. This is a socialogical study not a biographical look at the lives of Japanese women in domestic service. The subjects' quotes were scattered so there was little continuity, and I was not able to get a consistent picture of any of their lives.  If you want a more "slice of life" look at what day to day existence was like for women who came from a completely different culture and had to adapt to the most intimate needs of their American employers, this is going to disappoint.  I was expecting something more along the lines of Oscar Lewis' "La Vida."  The mistake was mine, but I was influenced by the description of the book.
Disappointing. It has nothing but pre-published photos we have all seen before in magazines. The tats aren't even shown. They talk about how Angelina has a lot of them but they don't even list them all. Not made for the true tattoo enthusist. A coffee table book at best. It describes their crazy childhoods more than the tats
disorganized. difficult for the newcomer to matisse. Ms. Spurling has done a lot of research, and clearly knows a lot about Matisse. But for a newcomer to Matisse, her presentation is confusing and frustrating. The organization of her materials is very poor, her writing is  a breathless, hyperactive stlye that is difficult to endure. I learned a  lot about Matisse, but I didn't enjoy it, and I'm confused about much that  I read. Overall, I'm disappointed
An outline, at best. I've just taken my real estate exam in Illinois, and I can tell you this book is completely useless with the sole exception of the first couple of chapters.The introductory chapter is good, and the questions to ask a hiring broker are excellent. All that said, that is about all that is good about this book. I'm rating it at 2 stars just because of the first chapters.Mentions scripts for 50 some odd occasions, and none of the scripts are in the book. Wow, what am I supposed to do now? Obviously, this is just a book going on a good title and providing little if any content.Read Danielle Kennedy's books and you will a marked contrast in the types of information you are given here. Now some of the information in Kennedy's books may be a little outlandish, but they are not right-out-wrong, or missing entirely.- Sea
Generic. Poorly written, you could insert any other adventure hero's name and  it could be that novel. Personally I used my copy to help me fall asleep a day before some surgery I was worried about.  If we are lucky DC won't contract with this guy again as all of his adaptations are pretty much hollow echoes of seventy adventure novels with very little of the wierd spark that vertigo comics became known for.If you have to read everything Constantine, then check this book out at a library or read ir in the bookstore but for the love of all that is holy don't buy it or your hellblazer collection will be tainted.Personally the only reason I could see to buy this book is insomnia, preparation for suicide, masochism or membership in the authors family.PS The geography was iffy, and the basic impression of the book was that the author was given a name, a title and otherwise knew almost nothing of the main character other than the movie screen play when he wrote this novel
Complete waste of your money and time. I have always been intrigued by Mr.Cramer, when I found this smallish book I decided to read what he had to say about the market crash. I hoped to find some deep insights from a man who is a Wall Street insider. I am very disappointed with the book, you probably will learn more about what caused the bubble to burst by reading newspapers and magazines then you would from this book. The material in the book is very superficial and the only thing that stuck was that he was shamelessly using it as a means to advertise his web site and alert service. If you have loads of money that you want to waste, please mail it to Mr. Cramer at least then you will save a tree
eh. eh.  i was dying to read this after geography club (that book rocks) but this one....like i said...eh.  it was campy.  sigh.  i guess campy is is a bad metaphor considering that we are talking about gay kids at camp, but i can't think of a better one.  the only good part was the love triangle between russel, min and a bisexual fellow camp counselor.the burn victim metephors were too much.  i mean, come on...burn victims facing a forest fire????  how imaginative.  let me guess...russel saves the day?  oh, that's right, i forgot, i read it.
A book written by a sycophant for other sycophants . Suggest for all genuinely interested in this topic , to refer to Rabbi David Berger's book , The Rebbe , the Messiah &amp; the Scandal of Orthodox indifference
Big Disappointment. I tried to stay with this book to the end, but alas, I tossed it with only about 20 pages left.  By this time the plot had become so byzantine that I no longer cared who did what.  Furthermore, I was getting pretty sick and tired of the sophomoric and unrealistically  silly dialog that ran all through the book.  The relationship between Moon and the FBI lady, for instance, was like something out of a novel for teenagers.  In other words, the book lacked credibility.  Doss falls short, I'm afraid, of even a mediocre Hillerman book. Hillerman weaves in the rich and mystical lore of the Indian culture quite effectively.  His dialog is pitch perfect, not contrived, as in this book.   And, as another reviewer noted, I was put off by Doss's maddening habit of witholding clues and information through the book.  I was looking forward to a good read, but all in all, it turned out to be a very flawed book
Book Not Representative of Catholic Faith. This book is pure heresy clothed in feel-good, new age sounding terminology. The author blatantly states that he doesn't believe in the basic dogmas of the Christian faith, such as the virgin birth, the physical resurrection, or what he calls the "traditional" redemption and atonement of Jesus Christ. He also does not take the bible at all literally. Granted, there is much spiritual depth to scripture; however, excessive spiritualizing of scripture can lead to this type of "enlightened" Christianity.  His concepts are not Christian, but emphasize the divine nature of mankind while downplaying the role and true divinity of Christ. This is all subtly concealed under the guise of a re-interpretation of the "true" gospel message.  Anyone with even a cursory knowledge of scripture can see the errors in the author's observations and conclusions.The author has dabbled in mysticism - unfortunately not Christian mysticism as experienced by the myriad of saints of the Roman Catholic Church. This book should in no way serve as a reflection of catholicism for anyone seeking to discover the true Roman Catholic faith.
When have men EVER been "the inferior sex?". That's what I want to know. To all you men who are threatened by feminism, don't worry. We still don't get paid as much as you do, we still take your last names when we marry, and by the time Bush is through, we won't be able to get abortions either. Are male engineers and soldiers typically harrassed on the job, subject to domestic abuse, rape?In nearly every society, men have universally assumed the superior role in every aspect of life (except, perhaps, childbearing, which they're not capable of doing). I'm sorry to hear that Thomas Ellis "losing patience with feminism, political correctness... and basically everything." To make it up to him, we'll all go back to be properly submissive housewives. We'll leave college, stop voting, and exist entirely for male gratification--just as we did before feminism. Will that make him feel properly superior?Don't tell me that men are "the inferior sex" until wives take the wheel, husbands take wives' names, and a "First Man" finally graces the white house. It's time that modern women say "enough is enough" to yet another backlash against our dignity
Should have been titled -  "A bum's Life". I picked up this book after seeing David Sedaris on a late night talk show. He seemed hilarious, almost like a younger, bemused Woodie Allen type.While the book is well written, his views on life are very disappointing to me. In his previous professions/stages of life, he was a ne'er-do-well, a loafer, well, basically a bum. Many of his stories are made up of snide commentaries on others around him who were progressing through their lives. These folks were getting in the way of David's quest of just figuring out how to get the next hit of recreational drugs.He can become the poet laureaute for the younger generations whom life is never easy enough and can't put enough blame on those around them.
I paid 14 bucks for this?. This is not to fault the vendor from whom I purchased this item used, the price as new was even more. And not to question the information enclosed therein: it's probably fairly accurate and all that. But to use the word "book" as a physical description is misleading. Try a handfull of paper squares with a couple of staples banged into the middle and folded over. I've seen free handouts with a more substantial construction. A fair price for this should be somewhere south of 3 dollars I would guess. Or better yet, the information should be up on a website where it can be viewed and downloaded for free. (Hmmm, there's an idea)So do what I should have done if I'd been using my noodle. Go to the reference section of your local library and use the copy machine. And take the money you saved and buy a real book.
Disbelief really hard to suspend!. Mine got unsuspended with the second boyfriend's death.I am a great fan of Nora Roberts and really looked forward to this book.  Believe me, it is not one of her best.I started off admiring her setting and characterization of the Hale family, but, then, this went on way too long.  It also took way too long to get to the real story. The middle of the book bogged down to the point that I had to make myself keep reading, which is very unusual for Nora Roberts.Much of the plot was over the top unbelievable.  How many boyfriends of one person can be killed?  The 20 year mystic connection with Bo doesn't quite come off, either.I'll certainly remain a great fan of Roberts, but no one's perfect, I guess.
Gripping, but Misguided. Gail Griffith writes very well and this is indeed a gripping story.  Lots of compassion is demonstrated for suicidal and depressed teens.  Nevertheless the book is very one-sided and misguided in its presentation of the benefits of antidepressant therapy.  This is particularly surprising in light of the fact Will so clearly demonstrates adverse side effects, even the beginning of serotonin syndrome, well before his suicide attempt.  This is not surprising in light of the enormous doses of three different drugs that he had only been taking for a relatively short time - enormous for someone only 17 years of age, 6 feet tall and reputedly less than 150 pounds, very thin for that height.  He was nauseous, vomiting and had significant memory loss.  In addition his suicide notes are examples of a dissociative state, in which one feels one is watching from outside oneself with no real sense of the consequences of one's actions, that has been reported repeatedly by survivors of antidepressant harm.  The fact that his own doctor and the doctors who endorse the book do not recognize this is a sorry testimony to the influence of the pharmaceutical industry over the psychiatric profession.  The other endorsements come ironically from Andrew Solomon and Paul Raeburn who have themselves inadvertently described adverse events dramatically in their own writing.  I hope readers will examine more critically the differences between underlying depression and the adverse effects of mind altering drugs.
The author reveals himself... The author reveals himself and not the topic.  The American revolution was complex like all human dramas.  Historians give meaning when they bring to the surface the facts and attempt to place them both within the context of that time and within a philosophy.  The author certainly brings his philosophy to the endeavor, but he utterly fails to provide the context of the times.  In the end, he might as well have written something about modern times, as it would be equally revealing
A Failed Attempt. This book is sloppily edited, with numerous typos in the equations. Page 91 has two symbolic errors plus a text error.Overbar omitted twice on page 19 giving a nonsensical formula Z = (X - X)/
Where is the writer that once crafted Hyperion?. It is amazing that a writer with the skill to craft Hyperion, after that crafts a book like Ilium and Olympus.The good thing about Ilium and Olympus is the amount of ideas mr. Simmons has in his story. Combining Homer's Iliad with literary robots from Jupiter and 'Gods' on Mars' Olympos that use quantum and nanotechnology, what could be cooler? Even in his worst books Simmons has more ideas, literature and vivid imagination than most average science fiction writers have in their life.However, the execution of this book is plain horrific, especially with Hyperion in my mind, that that in my opinion is one of the best science fiction books ever written. The biggest problem in my regard is the lack of motive. Characters in the book just have no motive to do the things they do.* Spoiler alert *Some examples of events for which no motives is given.- Professor Hockenberry stays with the Greek troops while they are loosing, he can be hit and die every minute, they don't like him or accept him and he can choose to teleport and have sex with the most beautiful woman of earth. Why did he want to stay?- Why did Prospero send Harman on a senseless thousands mile walk when his race badly needed him. Just for the submarine, after which he almost died and about which he could do nothing?- Why did the evil monsters with almost eternal power that even could wreck the whole solar system just go away, even without putting up a fight. "Because it was rumored that the silent one was comming"? Give me a break.- Why was Ilium transported to the future?- Why was Moira revived and why did she ever went to sleep anyway? She could virtually live forever with the hospitums and she didn't need a body anyway. Again no reason.- Why did Setebos remove all humans from the old earth and put them in a tachyon beam in current earth?- Why, after aeons of their lifestiles do Harman and Ada want to start a family and suddenly have current day ethics?- Why would robots be programmed to love poetry and need centuries for studying only one writer.* End Spoiler Alert *Besides not having motives the characters are very shallow. You have no idea what goes on in the mind of the Gods or in the heroes like Achilles. They never feel fear, nor are enthusiastic about anything. They just do stuff because they do or because it is written by Homer. All the Gods act the same, all the "ancient" people act the same, all the "new" people except for a mild variation Harman act the same.Furthermore, there is no real danger. Mr. Simmons fell into the trap of putting lead characters in infinite danger, but always be saved in the last second. Yuck.Then there is the issue of style. To make future beings probable they talk this pseudo-science all the time. Sentences are filled with "nano", "quantum", "brane" so much that it is clear that mr. Simmons tries to show off that he knows something about these scientific concepts. While I have the feeling he doesn't, really. Furthermore, these beings communicate with others of which they know they cannot know anything about these concepts, but just keep on talking the same way. And all characters do that. Plain ridiculous.Also the literary reference, Simmon's trademark, is done really badly here. The references (mostly Shakespeare) go nowhere, he even throws in a mediocre poem of his wife. It all seems very forced and totally irrelevant. What a shame.And don't let me even start on the anti-Islam and anti-gay references that come out of nowhere. Why?!?To conclude, I really cannot recommend this book. If you just want to be shortly amused and don't care about quality you can read it. If you want to read some good science fiction I'd recommend to read Hyperion and possibly Endymion from the same writer. Those are terrific, great, splendid. The Ilium / Olympos is unworthy to be even in those books' shadow.Please, PLEASE, mr. Simmons, start writing high quality Science Fiction again
Disappointed. I'm taking Wilton cake decorating classes, so I purchased several cake decorating books to practice the techniques I've been learning.  This book is an art book as far as I can see.  This book should be in the watercolor  or tole painting section, not in cake decorating at all
Shallow, repetitive, no great insights but plenty of fluff. I am preparing a PowerPoint class for people who already know the mechanics of PowerPoint but need a class on how to better design slides and prepare a presentation. One of the topics will be preparing a script using story-telling techniques. I thought this book would offer some good advice, especially since the reviews were so good. I was sorely disappointed.Ironically, this book bored me. I admit that I am a tough audience, but if you are a corporate trainer or speaker addressing a sophisticated, intelligent audience, the advice in this book may do more harm than good. The stories are  not very interesting and I don't think it's good advice to tell readers they need to act out or pantomime parts of a story. That may work for some, but there are other ways by which a speaker can enliven a presentation or a talk. This book would be more appropriate for people doing info-commercials than for corporate speakers. In fact, as I was reading it, the book reminded me of the exaggerated gestures and pasted-on smiles that info-commercial people affect.A great example of how stories are used to enliven a presentation and illustrate points is the book Blink by Malcolm Gladwell. I am listening to the book on CD while I do my daily walks. (I checked it out at the local library.) Gladwell (not the most exciting person in the world) had to use stories to get his points across and he does a masterful job. You will learn more about using stories from Blink than from Never Be Boring Again. And you won't be bored!
Doesn't necessarily promote health. I read this book and tried the diet for three weeks. Although I didn't feel hungry and thought the shakes were okay, I found myself suffering from headaches and just not feeling very well in general. If you're looking for a crash diet, this might work, but I don't think it is a very healthy overall eating strategy for the long term. It does, however, force you to get more than enough fruits in your diet, which I enjoyed. Another thing: you need a good blender and enough time to clean it out a couple of times a day. Sounds silly, but it was expensive and time consuming for me
Please do NOT read. I did not finish the book (I got about 70% of the way through before I realized I could not bear to read one more page).  Maybe the remaining part of the book would have been better, but I doubt it.  This is the first time I can ever remember not even having even the slightest interesting in finishing a book.  The characters were flat and plot went nowhere.  Please - there are million of books out there.  Spare yourself, and find something else to read. Anything.
what happened?. This is one of the ONLY books by Nora Roberts I can actually say I didnt like. It was SO dissapointing I got mad everytime I looked at it. This books is about Oliva and Noah... THE END. That is practically what it is. It started off when they were both younger, them meeting when they were older and them meeting YET AGAIN WHEN THEY ARE MATURE. I guessed the story RIGHT from the beginning, and I hardly could ever do that before in any of Nora Robert's books. I hate to say it, but I DONT reccomend this book. It was really waste of time. What happened to the quality work of Ms. Roberts
Better than book on Iraq. I had read this one before I read the author's book on Iraq and it is the best of the two, but still I felt the author was giving out second hand information.  She lived so briefly in the kingdom and did not even live in a native setting, so I do not believe she is a person who needs to be writing about the Saudis.  She is assuming to be an expert when in reality, that is rather a joke.  I think of this book as giving me a chance to be an outsider peeking in, for about five minutes.  There are plenty of good books out there on the Middle East, but unfortunately, none are written by this author.  She should find a new career
Not Ideal Models for Kids to Emulate. The Junie B. Jones series represents thoughtful storytelling replete with the sorts of syntactic and semantic errors that all thoughtful parents try to stamp out of their children's discourse conventions. For example, my multilingual daughter, a second grader in an international school in Japan, incessantly mixes Korean, Japanese and English grammars and meanings, not to mention reproducing the very colloquial forms of casual spoken English I'm always encouraging her to readjust in agreement with more standardized forms.The typical difficulties that young native speakers of English have in moving, say, from the comparative to the superlative or in adjusting tense forms in regular and irregular verbs are codified throughout this series. Those who might object to this critique would also have to defend why errors such as those referenced here occur not only in the dialogues among the characters, but also in the expository portions of the stories. The author makes no effort to encourage her young readers to see the differences between colloquial forms and the more widely accepted standardized forms.Thanks to Ms. Park's efforts, young children honing their language skills now have an opportunity to model the varieties that society generally deplores. Though her stories are delightfully cute, her methods do not further the kinds of knowledge that the larger society will come to expect from informed citizens. If her editor hasn't yet been dismissed, I would encourage Ms. Park to reflect a bit more on her approach to educational texts.
Repitious. This is a compendium of several articles. Haught makes the same argument over and over again - that God loves the world so much that he is willing to leave it alone to determine it's own destiny. He offers little in the way of evidence of this assertion. It's an interesting idea, but it doesn't need an entire book - the first one or two chapters make the point
For the plain and simple. This book is 'oragnized' into sections - Getting Started, Organizing Room by Room, Organizing Finances, Organizing Time, Organizing Home Life, and Organizing Transitions.Who needs an entire section telling you the benefits of being organized - isn't that why I bought the book?  The author takes 'plain and simple' to new heights...for example - "To organize your refrigerator, start by uncluttering it."I was hoping for something with more substance.  There was nothing in this book that I didn't already know.  If you're looking for something very basic as far as what to do in your home...you will like this book
Ohhhh please..... Amazon should be ashamed to be selling this. It looks like someone ran it through a photocopier. NOT WORTH THE MONEY. A total waste of time and cash. Your money would be better spent elsewhere.  I gave it one star because I was required to....there was nothing less.How To Write A Book And Get It Published.....print a 1000 copies at kinkos and sell them for waaaay too much money and dupe the public.
many picture ideas, short on substance. A book with a picture collection of ideas, but very dated if not outdated. Many kitchens appear based from the 1960s era. The book almost comes across as a gathering of many old pictures assembled to glean the final dollar profit in book publishing.  Despite what the lead review suggests about &quot;Its sharp photography&quot; - photo reproduction is second rate. For those just starting the thought process and starting with minimal knowledge of kitchen building the book represents a possible starting point, but lacks true substance beyond that point. Those looking to build an upscale kitchen are well advised to look elsewhere; &quot;At Home With America's Top (26) Chefs&quot; is arguably the best of the best, a book with solid ideas and concepts applicable even to the more modest kitchen
Not so great. I have read several books from WWII fighter pilots. I found this one lacking in any description of what combat was like except for a few episodes. Lt. Curtis flew 50 missions but most of them are glossed over and are very short in what actually happened. This book is mostly about living in Italy and what happens in his off time. Interesting enough though that is, there are better books out there. I would recommend, "Gabby" by Francis Gabreski, "Thunderbolt" by Robert S. Johnson, "Fly for Your Life", I think by Robert Stanford Tuck, and Douglas Bader's biography.I enjoy reading WWII veterans stories about the war but this book just didn't grab me. In the preface the author gives away the whole premise of the book and what happens to him during the war.I would pass this one by and look for a better story
The world according to David Mamet. I found this book pedantic. Was there really a need for so many 5 syllable, grab the dictionary words when Mr. Mamet's stream of consciousness monologue is difficult to follow anyway? I felt no empathy  because I found no attempt to relate to or touch upon humanity.
A total misrepresntation representation (A JLG admirerer). This small book of dialogues between Godard and Youssef Ishaghpour is, to put it mildly, a total rip off. In their dialogues Godard furnishes us with no more than 20 pages ofcomments to Ishaghpour's exceedingly lengthy comments and questions. After just viewing Godard's excellent new film, "Notre Musique" this was a real "downer." The mention of the Archaelogy of Cinema in the the subtitle and "The Gaze" as a chapter title led me to believe this would have a tint of the the thought of the great french social philospher Michel Foulcault (he is mentioned once or twice).I thought a good interviewer is supposed to evoke meaningful responses from his subject. Ishaghapour doesn't let- or Godard doesn't want to- get more than a few sentence reponse in.Another annoying element to this borderline fraudelnt presentation is that the Amazon description gives the impression this is significant tratise on Godard's thoughts on the twentieth century's political and cultural events. Rather Ishagapour is given a forum for his thought and his interpretations of Godard. Worse still, Godard doesn't evendisplay his critical acumen or irreverance and is led like a lamb by his interviewer,I'm not saying that Ishaghapour doesn't have some worthwile comment's plus an article at the end of the book. But wasn't this supposed to be about JLG- duh?I sincerely hope I am wrong. I'm definitely sending this one back. Come on now. How dumb do the publishers think we have become to think that this book is anything but a misuse of the master's name.There are some intereting testimonials by major figures and institutions on the back of this book by "The Village Voice," Pauline Kael...but none refer to this book.
politcal joke. I recently lost a lot respect for michael after he said "burn the Mexican flag". How about if we burn the israelie flag. After all it was israel that attacked the USS Liberty and hired that snack Jonathan Pollard to spy on us. But am sure michael would never bring the stuff that I just mention, because in his eyes israel is spotless.People like him are brainwashing Americans that it is "un-American not to support israel, but has anyone read the talmud says about Jesus. Here's a sample. Read it and ask yourself why are we so blindy supporting israel.He and his disciples practiced sorcery and black magic, led Jews astray into idolatry, and were sponsored by foreign, gentile powers for the purpose of subverting Jewish worship (Sanhedrin 43a). He was sexually immoral, worshipped statues of stone (a brick is mentioned), was cut off from the Jewish people for his wickedness, and refused to repent (Sanhedrin 107b; Sotah 47a). He learned witchcraft in Egypt and, to perform miracles, used procedures that involved cutting his flesh, which is also explicitly banned in the Bible (Shabbos 104b). Says Jesus ("Yeshu" and in Soncino footnote #6, Yeshu "the Nazarene") was executed because he practiced sorcery: "It is taught that on the eve of Passover Jesus was hung, and forty days before this the proclamation was made: Jesus is to be stoned to death because he has practiced sorcery and has lured the people to idolatry...He was an enticer and of such thou shalt not pity or condone."(Sanhedrin 43a).Here are two early "Holocaust" tales from the Talmud: Gittin 57b. Claims that four billion Jews were killed by the Romans in the city of Bethar. Gittin 58a claims that 16 million Jewish children were wrapped in scrolls and burned alive by the Romans. (Ancient demography indicates that there were not 16 million Jews in the entire world at that time, much less 16 million Jewish children or four billion Jews).Pharisaic Rituals. Erubin 21b. "Rabbi Akiba said to him, "Give me some water to wash my hands." "It will not suffice for drinking," the other complained, "will it suffice for washing your hands?" "What can I do?' the former replied, "when for neglecting the words of the Rabbis one deserves death? It is better that I myself should die than that I transgress against the opinion of my colleagues." [This is the ritual hand washing condemned by Jesus in Matthew 15: 1-9].Rabbi Tovia Singer once said "Jesus in the talmud is neither righteous nor the messiah.One more thing has anyone heard of the "1919 holocaust that failed".I also recommed reading "the 13th tribe".(9/7/06)  The anti-black jewish task force once poked fun at Muhammed for getting married to 9 year old girl(I don't agree with that either) But the talmud doesn't seem to think so. Here's what it says.   Sanhedrin 55b. A Jew may marry a three year old girl (specifically, three years "and a day" old.  Sanhedrin 54b. A Jew may have sex with a child as long as the child is less than nine years old.  Kethuboth 11b. "When a grown-up man has intercourse with a little girl it is nothing.    Here's some more Sick and Insane Teachings of the Talmud: Yebamoth 63a. States that Adam had sexual intercourse with all the animals in the Garden of Eden. Yebamoth 63a. Declares that agriculture is the lowest of occupations. (Maybe this is why Ariel Sharon's little brother Glenn Spencer doesn't like Mexicans)  Sanhedrin 106a . Says Jesus' mother was a whore: "She who was the descendant of princes and governors played the harlot with carpenters." Also in footnote #2 to Shabbath 104b of the Soncino edition, it is stated that in the "uncensored" text of the Talmud it is written that Jesus mother, "Miriam the hairdresser," had sex with many men.
a dose of fantasy. The book will not tell you how new forms of organizing will recreate the labor movement.  It isn't even clear that the author is able to define what he means by labor movement or that workers matter at all.  They are a derivitive force for him, and this book will misinform most students seeking to understand union organizing and the centrality of the working class in any campaign.  The examples are shallow.  Does one really think that Students Against Sweatshops are the basis for a new labor movement?  Do we really think that outside forces will generate new militancy?  This book is reminiscent of liberal academics in the last century who found it comfortable to watch from the sidelines--without getting into the fray.  One may wonder if this perspective and approach led to the irrelevance of SAWSJ and other organizations seeking to tell workers what's best for them without actually understanding what it's like for us to work on the job.  I need a book that does not offer canned strategies but one that will show me that organized labor is willing to support my own organizing on the job.  We know how to organize here in Boston and we're not getting help from outside "movements.
Its All Been Said Before. This was a disappointing book.  Besides being long-winded and self-indulgent, if not downright egotistical,the book repeats that which has long been at the core of Asian American Studies scholarship.  However, the book oversimplifies and overgeneralizes in ways that reputable scholarship never would.  One thing is clear from the book -- Professor Wu really thinks highly of Professor Wu
Entire Premise Skewed Toward Extroversion. As a former hospital chaplain, mental health therapist, and one-time patient, I am greatly put off by the author's assumptions and arrogance concerning group therapy.  His attempts to "bring out" and "socialize" Highly Sensitive Personalities, Introverts and those with Schizo-social disorders borders on criminal.  Starting with p.231, the author spins a rather slanted bias in favor of extroversion, brashly assuming that introverted patients need "fixed" if they are to be productive and happy in a group therapy environment.  Such gross insensitivity and ignorance is unfortunate, misleading, and inexcusable in a scholarly text such as this.
Less than impressed. This book has a lot of funiture plans in it but the plans are too small with some descriptions/lengths/etc being so small you needed a magnifying glass to read them.  Too many details crammed into one drawing.  No color pictures.  I wasn't impressed
liberal knee-jerk, anti-American, anti-Christian book!!!!! WATCH OUT!!!. By now we all love Christianity, with its lovable skull-crushing God, deathless Jesus, and the silly angels as well. We especially love the non-fiction accounts such as the flood which arent at all stolen from Eygpitian mythology!!!!!Well, not everyone likes it! Amy Welborn is just another knee-jerk anti-American, anti-Christian liberal, aint they all, and she hates Christians!!!!!!Just because the Da Vinci Code PROVES that Jesus existed, married, and had children, one of his long lost sons being the lovable George Bush, she has to criticuze the book!!!!!!Look if you want ag ood book, you know where to look and thats to books like "PRESIDENT JESUS: How Jesus Wrote the Constitution, Freed the Slaves, and Won World War II", "Without Remorse" by the scholarly Tom Clancy, and of course "DA Vinci Code" by Dan Brown, pious God-fearing man that he is
I threw this book away. It's true, I threw this book away because I foolishly highlighted it right from the beginning, otherwise I would have just taken it back to the bookstore-- I also took some of the quizzes right off the bat and therefor couldn't even sell it on ebay. Alan Schoomaker spends a lot of time telling you if you had any natural talent for the game you wouldn't need to read this book and he's right. This book was absolutely useless for me.Specifically I didn't have any need for his convoluted grid system, which is the heart of the book, to rate games and players. A grid system I find much inferior to common sense. It is fairly obvious, to me anyway, when I am playing a Calling Station, a Rock, or a Maniac, and to make the necessary adjustments. It is also equally obvious that these playing styles have deeper psychological significance for the players, themselves--  I mean why else would somebody continue to employ a known losing strategy at the poker table-- so his insights into their personalities was just a waste of my time.I could understand that if you are still a losing player after many year of playing, a habitual Calling Station, Rock or Manic yourself and find it hard to play a basic tight aggressive game, or somebody, like Schoonmaker, himself, who just has no intuition, whatsoever, when it comes to people, than maybe this book will be more useful to you than it was for me. If so you might want to take a look at it...  I wish I would have been able to sell you my copy, though.
Not even for the airplane. If you enjoy a good, tightly plotted thriller -- read something else. This flabby, clunky and completely unbelievable story labors to its silly ending wheezing and gasping like an overweight commuter trying to catch the 8:45.All of the characters are two dimensional and if you don't figure out the ending hundreds of pages before it arrives you are unconscious.
metonymic overkill. I suppose there is some dramatic action to this novel -- we do have the obligatory scandal and ensuing suicide.  And yet the writing feels static, as if it can't move forward.  Perhaps that sense is due to the writer's belabored prose.  There's an inappropriate metaphor or simile every other sentence.  (I can't believe she uses the adjective metonymic twice.  Obviously she spent too much time in graduate school.)  And also is due  to the long and often repeated authorial lectures on the pains of adolescence, exile, and the hopes of Camus and Augustine for a free Algeria.  For her, Algeria is a pretext, a prop, which she gets to use without really doing anything.  It's all a bit much in this contrived paint-by-the-numbers literary product that appears to have been written primarily to further a career.  At this, Messud, judging by her current bestsellerdom, has apparently succeeded brilliantly
How can a writer this bad sell so many books?. Someone gave me this book and told me how thrilling it was. Halfway through, I find myself still reading it mostly to laugh at the horrible writing and melodromatic style. It's a little depressing to think that millions of readers have made this guy rich and famous on such awful writing. It's good for me to pick up a book like this now and then to be reminded that by avoiding the most popular authors, I'm not missing much.
Working Moms Don't Bother. I was so excited when I bought this book.  Dispair set in once I disovered the focus was on stay at home moms of very young children.  I couldn't get past all of the examples of the trails and tribulatiions of &quot;new moms&quot; to focus on the 24/7 balancing act of working moms
She Made It Even Harder To Get By. Ehrenreich is the kind of journalist I despise. One who thinks her insights are so important that it doesn't matter how much she inconveniences others to make her point.She constantly drones about how difficult it is to find housing on the wages blue color workers earn.  The market is to tight, that oftentimes one has to use a huge percentage of one's pay to stay in hotels while looking for apartments.  Does that stop Ehrenreich from competing for those coveted apartments?  Of course not.  She has to do her research, and she is the only reliable subject she can find to satisfy her curiousity.  If jobs and apartments are so hard to come by, then leave those jobs and digs for the people who so desparately need them.  There is nothing one learns from Ehrenreich's experiences that one couldn't have learned from professional interviews of blue color workers.  But that would have taken away Ehrenreich's righteous indignation.Don't encourage this kind of writing.  See it for what it is. Gratuitous research that could have been easily conducted without firsthand experience.  And that while doing it, some very needy people were out of work and living in substandard housing conditions
Don't Waste Your Time!. Please do not bother to order this book. The company will take your money and weeks later decide to send you an email stating that they do not sell the book anymore.  Thank god I FINALLY got my nine bucks back
worthless rhetoric. This book is summarized in a single sentence "be a good teacher".  All the supporting comments should only take up a paragraph - not a  book.  And even then, every thing in the book is self evident and not really needed to be written down. The only people that should be interested in this are those in administration - for some obscure reason they seem to like rhetoric - then again - they are also usually diametrically opposed to the best interests of students and teachers
Don't waste your time even looking at this book. You get more indepth information reading the help files in a 3d program.  Save your money.  Also, someone reviewed it twice and gave it 5 stars, How bogus.  Price for the book is ridiculous.BAD
Didn't get past the first three pages. If those writing negative reviews about this book are Opus Dei members, then those writing positive reviews about this book are limp wristed liberals.  Give me a break.  Try reviewing the book instead of pushing your agenda.  Of course, people who liked this book were swayed by the agenda than any actual facts contained therein.I'm not a member of Opus Dei, and even though I've read portions of The Way, I'm far from being an expert about Opus Dei.  However, it was so glaringly obvious that Michael Walsh has a bone to pick and had skewed his facts so badly it really was an utter waste of time to continue reading.How in the world can a Jesuit criticize any religious organization for meddling in secular politics? It's laughable.One has to wonder why so many people have gone so far out of their way to throw insults and slander at others trying to live simple, Christ-centered lives as they go about their humble, normal, everyday activities.  There are powers with which we are at war... powers that would like to see less Christ-centered, humble people running around.
Don't know much about 50 states. I have read and reviewed many children's books in my 28 years as an elementary school librarian, and have found none with more glaringly inaccurate and unclear writing:Washington is the Evergreen State, not the "CHINOOK State", Mt.St. Helens did not have "LAVA" flows as the text says it did, the section about the state says that the Chinook winds are a "PAIR of winds" and does not explain what they are, they are warm winds that sometimes flow from east to west bringing warm air west. As a native of Washington, I began, and ended, reading in the section on our state. After reading the section I did not bother to check to see if the other states information was as inaccurate and poorly written, as I knew that I certainly would not want this book in any library nor in the hands of any children, dispite the vissual appeal.
A Mess of Storytelling. Reading through John Irving's "The Cider House Rules," I found myself continuing to read mostly out of a desire to have the book over and done with and only partly out of a sense of curiosity. In obtaining a bachelor's degree in English, I had to read a lot of books. Among them were many books that I did not like, but never before had I read a book that was so completely devoid of subtlety.Every single scene in the book feels as though it was specifically designed and manufactured by the author to move the plot along. People become pregnant, have abortions, and die with such terrible regularity that you can foresee it dozens of pages before it happens. This goes way beyond mere foreshadowing. The book doesn't flow naturally, you can virtually see the author hiding in the shadows, playing the puppet master. There are just so many coincidences, so many old friends just happening to run into eachother, so many people becoming pregnant just at the exact time to make the story progress perfectly, all of the characters vaguely, distantly connected to eachother. I don't want to spoil the plot, but suffice it to say that the plotline involving the Eames (rhymes with screams) family is just too much coincidence to bear. It's as though the author is God, and the characters completely lack free will.And then there's the "protagonist," Homer Wells. I put protagonist in quotations because despite being the center of the story, Homer Wells barely does anything in the story. He barely even speaks during the story. He is virtually a non-character, devoid of personality or will, around whom the other characters and events of the book revolve. The scenes that do not involve Homer Wells at all, and they make up the majority of the book, are without fail the most interesting scenes. I think that the real protagonist of the book is Dr. Larch, but even Melony seems more real than Homer does.The story is very long and rambling. Subplots are begun and then abandoned and only mentioned in passing much later on. Minor characters keep popping into the story, then disappearing, only to pop back into the story exactly when they're needed. Conflicts are either quickly and conveniently resolved or simply ignored and forgotten (like the situation with Debra Pettigrew).After such a rambling, at times rather boring plot, the ending feels rather rushed. It is as though the author realized that he suddenly had to resolve everything, tie up every loose end, in the last 25 pages (and tying up loose ends, in this case, means a lot of people conveniently dying). To spoil the plot just a little, Homer Wells, who has throughout the book been opposed to abortion because he feels that a fetus has a soul, suddenly and inexplicably and completely reverses on this opinion. I personally am pro-choice as well, but I found that Homer's sudden reversal was completely contrary to his character and caused the ending of the book to collapse into a bunch of nonsensical happily-ever-afters
A disappointment!. We all have bad days, but what was Robin Cook thinking in allowing this book to be published?  It is full of errors, and the plot just doesn't come together.  The ending is not plausible. If you decide to read it, check it out from the library, don't spend your money!  Sorry,  Mr. Cook, it's not up to your usual standards
Too much information crammed in one single book. I agree with Keith here on the irritant QUOTE "constant referencing of graphs and figures, as well as notations from previous chapters, it really inhibits my learing when I have to keep flipping back and forth to follow a train of thought. There are also a few chunks of the book that are very, very hard to follow the logical train of thought and require meticulious attention to the detail, and often require rereading. UNQUOTE.My nit-picks:The book fails to explain the logic behind some of the concepts. An example follows: The author mentions the Mean Service Time Under Control Formula on Page 318(Section 10.6.4) Unfortunately, the text doesn't seem to explain why the procedure is used that way in the book.There are some typos in the book, and some unknowns:Page 319: reference to "equation 10.38" must read as "equation 10.40". Similarly, reference to "equation 10.41" must read as "equation 10.43".Additionally, the sections on PERT/CPM as well as Statistical Process Control seem to get into a lot of advanced detail, skipping important concepts.You may want to look at other resources for Optimization Theory Chapters as it is not covered in detail in this book.(as required by the rigors of the course I'm taking!)In a nutshell- the book can be greatly improved by expanding on the "WHYs" behind some of the concepts mentioned above, for eg section 10.6.
Where's the mystery?. I wouldn't use this collection as an intro to mystery fiction, since it barely touches on the traditional aspects of the genre. It is, however, an exercise in the dark and deeply disturbing, which is what I would expect from Joyce Carol Oates. I'm selling this year's collection to my local used bookseller, instead of passing it on to friends as a must read.
A Disappointing Novel. Reilly fans will probably find his latest novel to be quite a disappointment. For some reason, Reilly forsakes all the things that made his earlier books great.  Instead, this novel is a thinly disguised political statement which reveals Reilly's prejudices against various governments and religions. The plot is obviously borrowed from "The Da Vinci Code" and the characters are one-dimensional pawns whose main purpose is to verbalize Reilly's personal ideology.  For the first time in a Reilly book, I managed to finish the book out of sheer determination rather than out of any interest in the plot or characters.
more attention please to story construction and dialogue. I preordered this book in hardback, as I have all the author's books since they first started coming out in hardback, but I am just now barely getting through it.  I loved the earlier dog training oriented books in the series and sometimes reread them.  But I must confess the later books seem to be less and less interested in dogs.  And even though the mystery aspect of the novels have always taken second place to the dogs, these later novels are even less interested in crafting a mystery.  What substitutes are more pages of trivia and rambling introspection that seem unrelated to dogs or the plot of the novel.In this one, I found the mystery incomprehensible. Why would Mac, who seemed to be well off and relatively easygoing if a philanderer, whose kids liked him, and who was reported as begging his wife to forgive him, ever give a wife an ultimatum that she could have no more dogs? Perhaps I missed something -- I was skimming through the book a lot. But the murderer's -- and even the philandering husband's -- motives and actions weren't believable.  Their resolution was also handled "off stage",  in a rush, and left me feeling still more unconvinced as to why the characters acted as they did.  This book, which was a "finale" of sorts in that it involved the marriage of Steve and Holly deserved more attention to producing a believable mystery and more effort in the final resolution of it.Regarding the trivia, it seems to serve as a way of providing exposition as opposed to dialogue. Whatever happened to bringing characters into the story, to Holly sleuthing and searching to give us some of the information in dialogue instead of having Holly searching the web and giving us a precis of her finds, or having us read emails?  Dialogue, as opposed to narrative exposition would have forwarded the story better.This novel also seemed disjointed in a lack of real connection between characters and the two main plots.  It would have been better if the mystery and the wedding had been constructed to dovetail, instead of two relatively unrelated plots jogging along, uncoordinated.  Have the murder involve the characters at some wedding planning shop run by some dog lover with a philandering husband.  Or a murder between some patrons of a wedding shop or wedding related business.  Or at a dog training club where Holly went to give her dogs practice in not eating the flower collars (given malamutes eat everything, it was puzzling they should be indifferent to those and that we were given so little info on training for the wedding. That seemed an opportunity lost).  If the murder was more related to the wedding,  some of the information could have been more easily relayed in dialogue even without Holly having to do much sleuthing, as well as tying the mystery to the wedding, instead of so much narrative. The murder and wedding could have proceeded more naturally together.It would have been nice too, if the familiar characters had more than walk on parts in the novel.  Keven could have spent some time solving the murder while Holly and the rest had their wedding planning around it and him.  Rita could have come in for dispensing some shrink advice on pre wedding jitters, given Holly's resistance to marriage before.  The subplot involving Rita and her philandering boyfriend in some respects had even more attention paid to it than the actual murder mystery, but did nothing to further the two main plots of wedding and murder.  Rita could have had other more relevant roles.  And Steve needed to be much less than a cipher through this.  He seems to show up to bring dinner and take Holly to bed and that's pretty much it for him. Instead, Rita had her own subplot, Kevin's involvement in the mystery was perfunctory, at best, and Steve didn't seem to have much to do at all.  I would have liked to have seen more relation between the characters (these are after all, cozy mysteries) more coordinated plots, more dialogue with each other and much less of the pages of filler.  It would have resulted in a better, tighter mystery.I'm hoping the promise of the first few books gets renewed by the author putting a little more effort into the nuts and bolts of writing.  In the meantime, I probably am going to hold back on preordering the hardbacks -- which I regret -- and wait to see. I keep hoping some editor is going to take this author by the hand a little.  To put it in words Holly might understand, this was a good writer who -- like a formerly well trained dog whose owner has lapsed on training sessions -- needs to return, reinforce and work on those basics that were practiced in the first books of the series.
Of another time. An 18th century author writing about the dark ages. It reads more like incidents within a narrative rather than a single story.  I found the ending abrupt and not credible. I expected more of the creator of Sherlock Holmes
What On Earth....?. I am a huge fan of Ms Morrison. IMO she should have won a Pulitzer for "The Bluest Eye". But I find her increasingly difficult to understand. Beginning with "Beloved", Ms. Morrison novels have taken on a mystical quality that bewilder and confuse me. Often I have to go back and re-read pages to find out which character is speaking or remembering or dreaming or what. I gave up on this one somewhere in the middle. I am now plowing through "Love" in which she uses the same tactic and it's a guessing game. I really wish she would return to her earlier style as exhibited in "The Bluest Eye", "Sula" and "Song of Solomon".
Cook just wanted to get paid. This is a horrible book.  I liked "Abduction", but Chromosome 6 is a piece of trash in comparrison.  The main problem is the characters.  They are ridiculously unreal.  At one point, there are two female characters who coerce a workmate into visiting an island although they're in the jungle, and they know that guerilla soldiers are all around the island.  It's like they don't care about life.  Not only that, but they talk like a couple of barbies, like for example: It would be totally fun to check out that island.  Good idea, Melaine, why didn't I think of that!The girl's first attempt at reaching the island is disasterous.  Guards shoot at them then arrest them.  A few hours later when they are released.  One of the fearless girls says something like: That totally pisses me off.  I'm going to get on that island if it's the last thing I do.  The other fearless girl agress, and that same night, they are trying a different route to get to the island!They want to get onto the island to check on some monkeys they've been experimenting on.They try again and then get shot at again, but this time they are able to run away without being arrested.  The next day they try again!  Meanwhile, they call their male companion a chicken for not wanting to go with them because he's scared of being killed!  They rationalize every moronic thing they do.  They say something like: They certainly won't expect us to do it again.  So we should do it!  Duh!When they get to the island, they find the monkeys, but these monkeys are big.  Almost two hundred pounds.  For the next few pages, these three idiots are debating whether they sould approach these monkeys for, "a better look," but they are afraid they might scare them away!  What!  Scare away two hundred pound wild animals?  If I would have been there, I would have been running so fast in the opposite direction that I could have run back on the damn water!The monkeys obviously almost kill them all!  Didn't see that coming, yeah right!Anyhow, the book is filled with stupid characters running through a forseable plot.  It stunk.
Planned obsolescence. Copyrighted in 2001, the Cisco CCNP library has already been rendered obsolete by Cisco themselves.  Not only exam revisions, but a fundamental structural change to the CCNP examination series has taken place in the short time since these books were put on the market.  Unfortunately, I can see no other benefit to these books beyond providing a revenue stream to Cisco.  There are better books available if one is looking for truly educational technical books rather than exam-specific guides
Poor Execution. National Geographic Magazine is famous for their excellent photography; it is the very reason I picked up this volume. However, Wide Angle: National Geographic Greatest Places failed to live up to my expectations. I was underwhelmed not only by a large portion of the images, but mostly by the poorly executed concept. In a title that clearly implies these are the greatest places featured, I felt the chosen photographs illustrated some lackluster locales. Furthermore, the organization was too loose. The book could have benefited from better formating not only of its categories, but of the photos themselves, which are often stretched in an unflattering matter.
Discerning Readers Decide!. This book annoyed me.  To start my diatribe, there were too many characters, each and every one one of whom seemed illogical, stupid, and not at all endearing.  And a "paranormal" branch of the mounties?  I thought it was supposed to be a fantasy affecting real people of this world, not a fantasy affecting another fantasy.One gets the idea that the author tried to explain what was happening to the readers, but ended up explaining things to the characters instead which is why one can never believe it when the characters are disbelieving.  I can never believe it when the characters do anything, actually. I don't understand how anybody's brains could function like that.  Their thought processes are just absurd.The protaginist needs to stop smoking, because she seems to roll a new cigarette in every sentance she inhabits.  The hard-boiled investigator should take a look at what his girlfriend puts in his dinner because he accepts the unacceptable (at least for a hard-boiled investigator) with unblinking reserve.  The male lead needs to stop speaking and thinking (!) in French because he is not, and the eccentric millionaire uncle needs to borrow some of the protaginist's ciggarettes and Calm Down.  The only character I liked even remotely was the biker art critic, but I think the author was trying a little too hard to be clever when Blue was born.It's also very confusing the way the plot jumps around and goes backwards and forwards between the thirty some characters (all of whom, I must mention again, are really annoying).  It makes it hard for one to keep one's attention on the book, instead of just going over one's grocery list whilst staring at the page.  Looks like deLint has done some time travelling too.  You have to excuse him, he gets mixed up.  All those quantum leaps.And what was with all that outdated profanity?  I mean, who says "Lord lifting Jesus!" anyway?  I agree with the reviewer named bounci, those...occurances did not fit and just made me want to laugh (or cry, seeing as it doesn't stop for the entire book) instead of being shocked.To it's credit, the book did have a very interesting story, with a lot of interesting things happening.  It had good suspense (when it doesn't ramble hopelessly) and was sometimes exciting.  It does while away the hours though, and it will keep you in book while you plod through
Terrible. This book is not worth buying.  If you buy it, get the next edition.  It has more examples, less errors on important equations and procedures.  Honestly I am considering trashing this and buying the next one because it is that much better
Evil. This book has caused more misery than all the wars ever. Anybody who believes in it deserves to burn eternally in the hell they have created with their metaphysical mumbo-jumb
so much - yet so missing. This book could be improved by the following:use devcpp for win lusers and include it on the book cd - it's freemake sure code works on gcc in linuxuse sdl - then the code will work on linux and the other oses- sdl is free - why use directdraw54 and directinput90abc? that wont work for linux or mac users.assembly code should use nasm instead of vc - nasm is freeuse blender for 3d models - freewhoaaa - mmx or sse...where's the 3dnow? maybe the author is getting money from intel below the table but most people i know have amd rigs we want to know about 3dnow - why the intel loving? (update the book to include 3dnow)With all of the above changes we would've had a completely stand alone book with fully working compiler, 3d tools, etc.  That would've been awesome
It can't be this easy to win an Edgar!. Aside from the cat, there's not an original thing about Tres Navarre.  Too many characters, too much plot, too little action. I didn't care if he found the girl or not,if he found his fathers killers or not.  I just finished the thing and I still don't understand why these people did half the things they did.  If the ending was suppossed to make me gasp, it made me yawn instead.  Tres keep visiting the same people over and over again and comes away emptyhanded.  If it's this easy to win mystery awards I might start writing my own.  In the meantime I'll stick with, Dennis Lehane, Robert Crais, Robert Parker etc
rewritten is not better. I am a Nancy Drew fan...for over thirty years..as my mother was before me and my daughter after me.  This rewitten version is not up to the thrills and chills of the edition by Mildred Wirt Benson in the 1930's.  This  edition lacks the intrige of the first..it is more &quot;up to date&quot;  and P.C. than the first, but I suggest that anyone who loves Nancy and has  only read this book obtain a copy of the original that has been published  by Applewood Books..it even has the fantastic old illustrations
Take it or leave it. I've just finished reading Boykin's book, "Beyond the Down Low."  While I find it well written and his observations often on point, I come away from reading the final paragraph thinking, "So what?"Really, Boykin has unearthed nothing "new" about sexuality or sexual identity as it has been played out since there have been men, women and the undecided.Boykin's book gains much of its cachet because it is one of the few published books that addresses sexuality from the perspective of a gay black man.  The very paucity of literature that focuses on the plight of gay black men in America alone makes Boykin's contribution invaluable, regardless of the quality of his prose.  Ultimately, however, his work is forgettable
Stick to &quot;Film Art&quot; by Bordwell/Thomspon. I was shocked when I looked over this book. I had always relied on &quot;Film Art&quot; which is the standanrd intro to film but I wanted to branch out. I found this book to be a superficial approach to cinema, no  probbing analysis or challenge to interpretaion of technique or narrative.  Save your money and stick to the classics. No one seems to use this book in  higher education film studies- ask your professor to suggest a book
Melanie Magdziarz. Mutation, New York Times best seller, written by Robin Cook a medical trainee at Harvard, is a book with plots up to ears and turns and twist to your eyes. Very well written but has far too many plots. I got bored very easily and got mad at the book in several different parts. The plots were supposed to be suspenseful but it was very predictable which made it boring. However well written this book is I do not recommend it to anybod
who does what to whom and why?   and do i care?. o.k., i just finished listening to the C.D. of Predator, which i had downloaded on my I-pod.   Well, i kept thinking the book was abridged, or maybe i had made a mistake in the download.  It jumped around so much that i was convinced it was abridged, but it wasn't!  i have so many questions, i can't even list them all, and think maybe we should all form an on-line group to see if any of us can answer them.1. was Johnny the doctor killed or was it suicide?  and who killed him, and most importanly, WHY?2. why were the members of the family killed and how were they known by the serial killer?3. when did Kay and Benton make up, and why the heck is she always so angry?this is just the beginning
Downward Turn. I realize that the Stephanie Plum series is primarily written for women and I can appreciate that. Even though I am a guy I had really enjoyed the books until this one. First of all, I grew very tired of all the misadventures. I know that is the charm of her character but I think she averaged 3 strange encounters a day. It just wasn't very realistic. Also, the ending was terrible. If Ranger was going to take care of her business anyway, why did he let her waste all that time? Lastly, is there going to be a point when Stephanie actually becomes semi-independent and competent. I am starting to lose the love for Ms. Plum
A Tale.... The novel, A Tale of Two Cities, by Charles Dickens, is a story of love and compassion, which takes place during the beginnings of the French Revolution. Despite the fact that many aspects of the revolution are portrayed well in the novel, the book is still a tiring read and requires a strong liking for Dickens' writing style.Throughout the novel, Dickens bogs the story down with excessive descriptions and meaningless scenes. The language is relatively simple and easy to comprehend, but the extra descriptions make the novel difficult to fully understand. Most of the characters in the novel are completely unrealistic, which makes it difficult for the reader to relate to what is going on. The character of Lucie Manette, is portrayed as the perfect women with absolutely no flaws. Her character is the supposed epitome for women, but in truth, is highly improbable. Throughout the novel, Dickens' does a great job at keeping the story dry and unentertaining, giving little to no excitement to cause the reader to want to continue. Despite these countless imperfections, Dickens' does manage to be partially successful in his quest to portray the revolution.The book, with all its shortcomings, did reveal to the reader, the atrocities that occurred during the French Revolution, and the events that led to it. The abuse of the nobles, and the radical ideas of the revolutionists are all shown in many parts of the novel. The one other aspect that Dickens got right in his novel was the character of Sydney Carton. Sydney Carton is the only character in the story that many readers can relate too and understand a variation of what Carton feels. Carton is a lawyer who feels that everything he has done in his life has been wrong and believes that he can do no good in life. This characteristic is common among people, and Dickens manages to capture that aspect of humanity precisely.The novel, A Tale of Two Cities, is a slow moving book with numerous flaws that cause the reader to lose interest fairly often. Dickens' overuse of description and unrealistic characters add to the book's dryness. However, Dickens does capture a time in history with great accuracy. This is a book for a reader who likes Dickens' overzealous descriptions and enjoys slow moving stories.
Sensationalism. Sorry folks, this is not a serious book by any standards. Much of what Shenkman has to say is either unproved speculation or purposeful misunderstanding of events and indeed of history itself. Please do not take this as a serious effort. It is not
Nothing doing. I found stale recounting of very well-known facts about 20th century technologies and their economics, with no insights.  Since it covers the gamut from plastics to jet engines to microprocessors, and it's only 200  pages in a fairly large typeface, I wasn't expecting historical depth.  But  I was expecting at least one fresh idea.  I bought it on the strength of a  much earlier book by Nathan Rosenberg (about technology in the economy of  the 19th century).  I was disappointed.  I get the feeling the book is  intended as a brief survey for people who just came down in the last shower  -- college freshmen born in the 1980s.  I'll bet they find it kinda stodgy
Not About Dreams!. This book is not about dreams, so if you want to know about dreams, you should get &quot;The Dream Book&quot; instead.  I don't understand this book
this book sucks. I hate this book. It is extremely boring and it is way too long.  There are too many characters to keep track of and many of them are extremely similar. Do not read this unless forced to. I like to read, but this nearly put me to sleep.  avoid at all cost
Partial Truth. May be as damaging as out and out lies.  I think Crichton is a fine writer who could have written a great novel about the manipulation of a populace through media and other networks.  Instead we have a hodge podge story that jumps around the Earth as the theses it posits jump around the truth.  One of these that I found most disturbing was the Antagonists statement that DDT was not proven to be harmful.  Maybe so, but the chemical reaction (something that happens quite often in nature) DDT has with some soils leads to DDE which is very harmful to native species.It reminds me of Bowling for Columbine.  Whether you like Micheal Moore or not, he had a thesis about how afraid Americans are made to feel.  Why do you lock your door at night?  If someone wants to get in, they will.  Moore touches on, but does not get in depth with the pervasiveness of fear in American society.Crichton does the same while attempting to discredit many environmental groups. He portrays these organizations very well, however, the story never really develops into an in depth investigation of what really terrorizes our society and why that fear drives us to consume, ultimately leading to our very real fear of a society that is one of the safest in the world. (check the FBI website to see how crimes have fallen and show that really we are safer than we were 40 years ago!).
The book and the movie are farcical !!!. The author wants to fish out the contents of recent suspicions of the role and `function' manifestations of Judas.Their observations may sound alien and dissimilar to many media discussions that have been going on in North America, and became more energetic during Easter.I feel they brushed the whole debate aside.The momentum given to the arguments whether there was a `conspiracy' between Jesus and Judas is the works of the media - the newspapers, radios, and the TV - based on analysis allegedly emanating from ancient Coptic manuscripts (third or fourth century) - named Gospel of Judas.Analyzing, chemically, the ink of the manuscript remains controversial to me.Was such action heretical?I do not know but I believe this will lead to nowhere.By rushing the information, which the National Geographic Society in Washington has uncovered, the media is trying to confuse our minds, like saying `there are more beautiful photographs of women than there are photographs of beautiful women'.The American novelist James Cooper - has written, "" If the newspapers (media) are useful in overthrowing tyrants, it is only to establish a tyranny of their own"".Cooper pronounced those words in the mid 1800's when there was abundant news but little resources of intelligence to verify.Stunt news was then predominant.And still is.Anything that attracts attention, a public figure, whatever he did, is news.Our century cannot be different from prior centuries when it comes to people trying to find proves and rationales for certain recorded actions and reactions that have taken place in previous times.The quest for discovering new venues will never stop as long as the progress in chemistry and technology continues on such quick pace.The point, though, is how the media is transmitting this data, and when.For example: during the rule of the Bourbons in France, French gatherings in the royal court were very much similar to `sances' where learned individuals, for instance, persons of high ranking families (mainly ladies), tried to rationalize the spiritualistic messages delivered by the distinguished Bishops, and Cardinals who had been appointed by the Pope.Such debates had notably been conducted in the short lull periods of peace times, when Europeans were not fighting each other and the material were printed by mass communication available during that era, but with restricted distribution.In their space of relaxation, rich and well fed and triumphant individuals tended towards exaggeration, so they extended their conversations to philosophize subjects such as `it's impossible to believe there is a God', or those who wished to demonstrate the degree of their `learning capabilities', so to speak, talked of how sceptical they were about the existence of God but never professed true atheism.Some agnostics were doubtful and noncommittal about the whole subject of religion and wanted to be showy about their `enormous knowledge' and their `abilities' to discover new subjects for discussion.Some even equated such sances with Freemasonry.Still, printed material on these meetings remained restricted.Renowned individuals like Verdi, Brahms, Tchaicovsky, Talleyrain, and Robespierre were famous agnostics.Interestingly, in their lives they were peculiar kind of men, of no fixed occupation, vagabonds (but many of their works, whether good or bad, will remain ageless) and in their eloquent mother language parlance, they pretended to have acquired the luxury of `discovering' better, bright and distinct ideas with a supernatural attributes to even doubt the existence of God.And the media ran after them, propagated their views, and unearthed their personal memoirs and their mysterious and private exchange of intimated correspondence, much to the chagrin of the Church.Nowadays, the term `Conspiracy Theory' is having the greatest ascendancy. Like agnosticism, and scepticism in the old days.The media is treating `Conspiracy Theorists' like window-dressing articles of a new fashion, a means of improving appearance and giving artificial and false impression.The media, to a group of conspirators, attributes any `action with a bang' to sinister design they have all performed together such as acts prohibited by law, or by means against the law.But because human imagination is infinite, some media fat cats are going back in history to touch base with our Religion (Christianity)- and this book is not an exception and its related movie.They are giving us the mental image of events that we always believed and perceived as real, as not anymore acceptable to the senses unless verified.Think of it guys.Isn't it strange that on Easter Sunday this year (2006) there have been more media talks about Judas than Christ?As far as I am concerned, these persons are loquacious, and very forceful in their trivial discussions that one might be led to pursue their pattern of offensive and garrulous thesis, supported by deft cameras and skilful writers.Many buy their books, which are becoming `best sellers', amid the sad division of our Church, and would agree with them on face value.What a farce!
Give me a break, two pompous dorks travel the world... I did enjoy The Notebook, however this conceited tale of two uncultured Americans left me with a less than stellar opinion of Sparks and his equally conceited brother.Firstly, I found it amazing that such educated parents were so idiotic when it came to the basics of childrearing. Their lack of attention to their children's health and well being was outright neglect! Who doesn't take their child to the dentist or doctor? If you can't afford them, then DON'T have them is my thought-and I was raised Catholic-his mother waited too long before she wised up and used birth control.What really got to me was the dorky banter between the two brothers. For men who are around six years older than me, their patriarchal value system is outdated and quite shocking. They seem to think women should remain barefoot and pregant, maintaining the homestead while they galavant around the world. They obviously picked some pretty simple minded women for their wives because you wouldn't catch me or any of my friends staying back home to take care of a litter of screaming kids while our sexist husbands travel the world.As a child I was lucky enough to travel the world extensively and visited Ayers rock several times as a child living in South Australia. No wonder Americans have such a poor reputation around the world if the majority of them act like these two troglodytes. I was five years old the first time I visited Uluru and the Olgas and was fascinated by the stories and aboriginal culture and I can assure you we DID NOT have a luxury hotel in which to rest our laurels. I actually remeber the A/C wall unit in our bare bones cabin falling on top of me as I slept. That would throw these two pansies into a tizzy for sure!Their blatant lack of respect for other cultures and icons unerved me so much that it was a struggle to finish this book. Their lack of proper upbringing is very evident throughout the book and unfortunately they have joined the masses of other noveau riche who may have newly padded wallets, but have empty brains. If someone has gained new money, that's great, but for the future of your children, do yourself a favor and get some culture and couth
Not aimed at women who already exercise. I purchased this book because I want to know how I should work out now that I'm pregnant. It's marginally helpful in that it calls attention to abdominal exercises and indicates when to stop running and when to start up again. Beyond that, it's not very helpful. The exercises are described, but the suggestions for reps or sets are sporadic at best. I saw only a few exercises that gave recommended reps, and none of them talked about sets. There's no way to chart or plan your workout schedule or progress. I realized this book wasn't aimed at women like me when I read that I shouldn't feel bad if I can't do more than 3 or 4 bench presses with a 3-pound weight.I think this book tries to be too many things: It tries to be a fitness book, and introduction to exercise book, and an overview of pregnancy. It goes into loving detail about how much of your body will be destroyed, and refers to you as a 'breastorant.' I would prefer a book that treated me as a thinking, fit woman who wants to optimize her fitness regimen for carrying, giving birth, and recovering.If you've never exercised and you want to start during pregnancy, go for it! And maybe this book will be helpful for you, although you'll have to do some additional research to optimize your fitness. If you are already in good shape, or know how to work out, skip this book
WHISPER MY NAME. It's been over twenty years, and still to this day no one has been able to match the thunder from Frank Miller's THE DARK KNIGHT RETURNS.  As to why, that's open to debate... perhaps it's because when Miller took up Batman he was at his lowest point, and with nothing to lose, bet it all on black and won.  Miller managed to not only push Batman forward (in both time and storytelling) but pull him back from the brink as well - like Batman does time and time again on the page, death gets but a taste, but never it's fill of Batman.  And because of that, anything anyone tries with Batman tends to suffer from the echo of that thunder.Paul Pope's BATMAN: YEAR 100 tries to have it both ways - borrowing the dystopian view from DARK KNIGHT, while lifting the origin style from BATMAN: YEAR ONE and tries to fuse them together into one book and have it, somehow, make some kind of sense... it doesn't.  The story is cardboard (and often cheap), the characters are pale copies (or distant relations) of their originals (all of whom occupy the same roles or positions of power or importance within the BATMAN UNIVESE for no other reason than that's the way it's always been - luckluster and unimaginative), and while Pope tries to sell us on the mystery as to who this Batman really is - you end up not caring.  It's just a tepid 24 set within the BATMAN world.  You'll have a hundred questions by the time you reach the final page - but forget getting any answers, there's none to be found.As for the art - it's a TWO FACE coin toss here - you'll either love it or hate it.  I happened to have loved it.  Pope really knows how to pace his action, and when Batman is on the go here - this book zips (in fact, it almost zips too fast - you'll quickly come to realize how thin the story is after you sail through all the action, only for the book to come to a dead stop when it comes to the talk), and some of his action poses for Batman are wonderful... but it doesn't save the book.For the curious, give it a try, enjoy the art - but for the die-hard fans... we're still children of the thunder and BATMAN: YEAR 100 is just a pale shadow
Not very interesting. My book group chose this book by the interesting description here and review.  The idea of a spinster leaving her family to become a witch intrigued us all, but we were disappointed in the book.  We found the character not very interesting, and the lack of action calmed us all into slumber while trying to read it.  It wasn't a terrible book, it had some interesting things to say, but we could not understand all the immensely positive reviews here
Ambitious start, ends up boring. Clearly not the best from this author. The story starts well but does not fulfill its promises. I had a hard time reading it through the end
Valid tho incorrect. I decided to pick this book up when I was waiting for my movie to start. I have read book after book after book from the black political left, and so when I saw this guy's book, I decided to pick it up. See, I saw him on HBO debating against Dame Dash about hip hop, but I caught the tail end. I must admit that I did pass judgement on his "blackness" based solely on his demeanor and speech pattern (not his syntax, but pattern/accent.) But I said to myself that this couldn't be right. I'm not too far off myself, being a california black academic who was always told he "spoke white". So I got "Authentically Black", as Loosing the Race was not there and I was therefore unaware of it.QUESTION: Why is it that in Liberal California, these negroes feel an overwhelming need to be conservative for no damn reason??!? I figured that if I read this guy's work, SOMETHING WILL MAKE SENSE and help give my own leftist vies some sort of perspective. Sorry, no. This man has me academically by 15 years (him finishing college in the mid eighties, me finishing Morehouse in the late nineties) and you'd think that in that time, he'd know how to research things or at least observe society and his own surroundings. As I try to read through this work, trying to give him the benefit of the doubt at every page-turn, he never ceases to amaze me. On page 28, I was forced to grab my pen and fill the pages with ink, which upset me because I didn't spend this money to have to correct someone who just by sheer numbers should be my academic superior. But on page 28 I just could not take it, where he says that profiling is necessary to protect the black community. He makes the self-defeatist presumption that it must be okay because it is the little black boys who are pushing the drugs. OF COURSE IT IS, that's all who's there. That still doesn't explain why I get hustled by cops all over Southern California and profiled for the same thing, though I'm an attorney and damn near thirty! It also doesn't take into account the complexion of the people who are the real problem. Id suggest he sit down with congresswoman waters, but judging by his books and how he almost lies about some other author's intentions and efforts, he'd probably be so rude to her in presuming her stance that she'd slap him. (Or at least want to. I've met with her on many occasions.) He'd likely call her an opportunist and move on.He also has the habbit of "supporting" his ludicrous points by noting two or three bad examples from his conversations with students. Usually, he'll say things like "I asked black people xyz and they are left without an answer" or "such and such happened and they chalked it up to racism, when it clearly was not, but so and so was so upset by it!" Some girl was waiting for a bus and a man dropped a quarter in her cup assuming she was homeless, or so she presumed and she was distraught. Okay, citing the overly dramatic black girl is not going to bolster your points, but makes one wonder how weak your point is that you have to (a) ask idiots questions about race, and (b) use the worst examples available as proof. Time and again he asks idiots.Speaking as a man born and raised in the Bay Area in the community around where this man works and lives as one of "those kind of people", I can't help but to feel this man is just trying too hard to fit in, and it is not entirely rare in Bay Area black politics. He uses the propensity of negroes in that area to be able to get any kind of white woman they want as a sign that race relations are getting better, disregarding the fact that it's always black men and white women. I have yet to determine his propensity, but if I were a betting man, I would be able to pay back my loans and a housenote wagering on HIS desires for white women, which would not surprise me.But enough of this point by point dismantling of his views. I'll do that as I prepare to write my work about the black political left using the dismantling of the works of black conservatives as a conduit through which to do so. Potential names are "Negrodicious Tendacies" or "You're Just Not Like The Others!" or "Why Are All the Black Professors Left Sitting By They Gyatdayum Self??!?" Instead, let us look at te most offensive premise of this man's "work":Blacks are self-proclaimed victims in a world wherein racism is merely "residual", but keep up the image of victimology to make whites feel guilty so that they can give us - wait for it - hand outs and social programs. Guess what: I agree we as Blacks will die of starvation if we wait for the Larger Society to give us what we are either OWED or are EARNED (for nothing is a "HAND OUT" in america, you will always pay for it somehow if not already). But what planet did he grow up on wherein Blacks in private talk about how good they have it? I grew up almost exclusively around black professionals and millionaires amidst links, boules, masons and Jack & Jillers, and even WITH all the success and money in the world, the majority view - yes, even in N. California - was that things were worse. No, this is not just some act to make whites feel guilty and give us stuff, because none of us needed white hand outs. We already had money. In fact, we knew that problems were severe, because in no way could we buy our way out of racial problems. My father had to budget in time for being pulled over by cops whenever he left to go somewhere due largely to his fondness for expensive german engineering. Let us not get into the racism we as a people face in Law Offices and Medical Offices and Corporate America day in and day out. This cat needs to get out of the office, Turn on some Boots Riley and just look around at his people. Maybe sit and talk with them. We're not as stupid as he thinks, even though we came from the less intelligent and civilized west africans of which he speaks. Maybe he might want to check out a little something about Afrikan history. You know, since he's at one of the biggest UNIVERSITIES ON THE PLANET! I'm sure he can find a book or two on the subject that he can breeze through in a couple days. Maybe a Van Sertima here, a Yochanan there, garnished with som Diop and Mwalimu Baruti. I won't tell him about Marimba Ani. He may run and start protecting his beautiful white women...For a more academic/less ad hominem review, wait for the book. There will also be a rap soundtrack made for it. I got Ward Connerly and Shelby Steele harmonizing on the hook..
Lost faith in Seth Godin as a marketing guru after this book. GODIN wrote about the new way of customer and prospect communication in PERMISSION MARKETING -- a must read.  He then got bold and told us about differentiation by creating something completely out-of-the-ordinary such as a PURPLE COW -- agreeable airplane literature.  Now there's really nothing else to talk about and he tries to push the envelope talking about how Cracker Jack's prize is the product.Your product's soul is not only about the extras.I would have preferred he kept to his excellent job in PERMISSION MARKETING and not losing his focus as he did in FREE PRIZE INSIDE.I am not going to read a 4th GODIN book
Amazon will never get it to you. While I would love to read and then recommend this book, Amazon will never get it to me to read. I ordered this in March when it said "8-10 days" and was told, far beyond the estimated ship date, that the book was "delayed". I approved this delay for the updated shipping estimate not once nor twice nor thrice but FOUR times such that the new estimate was sometime in August. Maybe they meant 8-10 months but if they're just not planning on shipping this book, they really should not put 8-10 days on here and take people's money. Good luck getting your copy
Disappointing Drivel. This is a sad attempt at modern science fiction.  I was appalled by the lack of continuity and the plotting errors.  Remainder Bin here I come
100 things to AVOID before you die, like this book. This book is the worst.  The suggestions of things to do are just plain aweful.  It seems to suggest every crowded fair and typical tourist attraction in any city.  This would be great if you love crowds and mayhem.  The suggestions are useless.  New Years Eve in Times square?  Mardi Gras?  Acadamy Awards?  Carnaval?  Who's not aware of these events?  It could have some redeaming qualities if it had suggestions about where to stay and how to plan these types of trips, but it does not offer any other information than the dates and location.  Nobel Prize Ceremonies?  Running of the Bulls?  Come on!!!! What a waste of paper, money and time.
think rich, be rich?. There is NOTHING of science in this sliver of a book.This book Summed up:You must think RichUse thought to bring form to the formlessThank god so it will occur.When it doesn't occur, you either weren't thankful enough to god or failed to think hard enough about being rich.PURE SCIENCE!I could understand someone in 1910 being impressed by this work, along with maybe animal-magnetism or iridology, but only a half-wit would be compelled by any of this today
Nowhere near "A Skeleton in God's Closet". I loved the book A Skeleton in God's Closet, the novel to which this is a sequel of sorts.  I read the last 200 pages in one sitting; it was that gripping.  When I heard there was a sequel, I got excited.  Big mistake.  This novel is subpar, and contains some of the most awkward, clunky prose I've ever read.  Honestly, I couldn't get through it.  I gave up.  Most of the complaints I have are similar to the ones listed in other reviews, but I will reiterate: none of the characters seemed like real people, especially when they opened their mouths.  Maier aims for hip, semi-humorous dialogue, but it falls flat with too many "darlings" and "no problemas".  Maybe, just maybe, some of the dialogue would have worked on screen, but in a novel moments where the characters joke with each other by taking on accents they don't normally have don't work.  Everyone got to be so annoying that I just gave up.  There are tons better books for you to read.  Don't waste your time here
What would DDT opponents say if mosquitoes carried HIV instead of malaria?. I've seen many reviewers argue that the use of DDT to prevent malaria deaths in the developing world is unjustified because 1) it may cause greater long-term harm to the environment, and 2) mosquitoes will eventually develop resistance to the insecticide.One San Francisco reviewer even claimed "We have no idea of how many millions, or billions, of people globally have been impacted by its use in the forms of debilitating illnesses and death from cancer and the like." According to her, it's irresponsible to use DDT when we have no idea to what extent the negative impact, if any (although "billions of people" is a bit ridiculous), is of using it.But there's no question what the negative impact has been of banning it: millions and millions of preventable deaths. So some environmentalists are apparently more than happy to allow an absolute--millions dead--in exchange for an unknown.Part of the reason why it's so easy for them to trade lives for theory is that they don't give much day to day thought about malaria. It's a disease that doesn't worry people in the developed world. It happens "over there" in the third world, and if we actually get it over here, well, no worries--we get treated and fully cured with relatively affordable drugs. Who in the West actually worries day to day about dying from malaria contracted from a mosquito bite? It ranks up there with polio and typhoid.But what would the "ban DDT no matter what the cost" environmentalists be saying if HIV suddenly became transmittable by mosquitoes? Would they continue to argue "we have no idea how many millions of people have been impacted by DDT's use" if they were one mosquito bite away from a death sentence with no cure (as peoples of the third world don't have or can't afford a cure for malaria)?Nope, you can bet your bottom dollar virtually every one of them would change their tune pretty quickly--especially here in San Francisco. All their objections about "long term damage to the environment" and "resistance to insecticide" would suddenly transform into a mere theory once faced with the possibility their own lives could be in mortal danger. Activists would be storming the streets demanding the return of DDT with the same vengeance they exhibit today when marching for a solution to HIV/AIDS. Because it's a different story when it's no longer someone else's life that's on the line.And hence we would have an even clearer expression of the hypocrisy of the new environmental imperialism they impose on the third world today--the kind that makes activists feel better about themselves from the comfort of latte studios and Volvo station wagons. Every day they tell the third world "we have cures for these diseases that you don't, so it matters not to us that our environmental crusade will take away your line of defense and you die by the millions" in exchange for good conversation at Starbucks. It's an easy trade when mosquito-borne death isn't tugging at *your* arm every day.
Not Dean's best. Most of Koontz's books carry you right along to the end and are enjoyable, but some derail and go in directions that are not as interesting as others.  I found this book to be that way and despite the 4 star review, was rather bored with it once it got away from Ironheart's rescues.  I'd recommend skipping this one
Brazen Boy Bleeps 'Bout Beautiful Brett. The Summary (short version)The characters...Go to restaurants and drink.Go to bars and drink.Go home and drink.Go to bullfights and drink.Insult each other and drink.P!ss and drink.Go to sleep, wake up and drink.Take baths and drink.Have sex and drink.I became an alcoholic just by reading The Sun Also Rises.Summary (the long version)Several expatriates lick their emotional wounds and cavort around spending money left by their rich parents. The protagonist, Jake Barnes, is a reporter left impotent by a war wound. He and Uncle Toby from Tristram Shandy could have had a ball together (if you've read Tristram Shandy by Laurence Sterne, you'll get the joke). He's in love with the beautiful Brett Ashley, but his impotence makes it impossible for their relationship to have much substance. She falls in and out of love with other men while he stands around watching and feeling jealous. A little bullfighting and violence and drinking later, they're right back where they started: in limbo.I've never cared for Ernest Hemingway's writing style. It's like he made sure you knew you were reading a story from a REAL man: very macho in tone and style.  And this coupled with the boringness of the story makes The Sun Also Rises a dreadful read
Three Years Later... It took me 3 years to read this book - should I end the review now? It's not because I am an extremely busy person, or because the book was so enormous that I read it endlessly for that long. No, the reason it took me 3 years to read this book is because it's just not very good. As excellent as Lies My Teacher Told Me was, this was equally bad.The book is a collection of small essays about various roadside memorials, or statues, or other historical tidbits that adorn the United States landscape. Loewen goes on to expound how incorrect all of them are, in the process suggesting that - now get this - there is racism in this country. Nothing in this book is eye-opening, by a long shot. While some essays do shed some interesting light on our history, the majority of these essays can be summed up by saying that white people have treated black people and Indians poorly. What a surprise. In his next book we may find out that the sun rises in the East.I'm utterly baffled how anyone can give this book 5 stars. This is a 2 star book which narrowly escapes the fate of a single star only because some of the history here is enlightening, to an extent. The vast majority deals with the deep south and it's predilection towards racism.In any book which the author doesn't have enough material to sufficiently back his claim, he will resort to such tactics as telling one side of the story or failing to give the full history of the situation. Loewen does both, often times leaving the essay a bare skeleton of what it might have been; leading the attentive reader wondering why things don't seem to add up on the pages of his text.I feel like the motivating force of this book was to make money, and little else. Perhaps there was a drive to create controversy. But the book is so tame that it can hardly do that. The pages are mostly a chore to get through, as evidenced by the 3 year period it took me to get through it. Truth be told, it may have been sitting on my night stand for 4 years. Either way, I found it dreadfully difficult to pick it up most days.Entirely not worth it
A Lot Of Information Poorly Organized. My title says it all. I don't know what I expected this book to be, but I do know I was disappointed in reading it. It was dull, uninspired, and it seemed that the author was just putting things down without regard to the pleasure (or lack of pleasure) of the reader. The book was largely devoid of attitude or any sort of what-it-all-means, which is the &quot;what&quot; we read books for. If you just want a bald recitation of a lot of facts, buy this book. If you are looking for meaning, insight, or entertainment - FORGET IT! My suggestion: Find the same data in another book
Extraordinary Popular Delusions (Harriman House). Purchased this book because the Table of Contents under Browse Sample Pages showed the full content of the book.  However, the Harriman House Classics hardcover edition only has three of the chapters.
where do I start?. There is a reason the cliche is so popular. Obviously, a lot of women can relate to the "middle aged women getting stronger through a crisis" sort of thing.But this book was just so bad! Really poorly written, full of stereotypes, and so predictable. It read as though she were already planning the made for tv movie on the Lifetime channel. Just overly sappy, overly melodramatic. And why is it that in all these books, the women are of a certain sort of financial background? Do you want a real crisis? Try getting cancer and not being a successful attorney. Or cancer without even having insurance. Try leaving your husband and not being super wealthy. It's easy to have tidy endings when the characters don't face realistic problems
Too much..... This book is too much, and I mean that quite literally. It's too long, too heavy and the style of hypnosis it teaches has been around too long. Slow old fashioned and labourious.I brought this to compare with my favourite book on stage hypnosis by Jonathan Chase, ' Deeper and Deeper ' available from his site or amazon.co.uk It doesn't compare. McGills tombe reads like a clinical diatribe with no humour or pazazz. And for me if stage hypnosis doesn't have that then it has nothing.Much of this book is directly 'borrowed' from the works of Coue, Braid and Eisdale and has little or nothing entertaining in it. The routines are simply banal or unoriginal and much of the history of the art is inacurate at best.I've no doubt that McGill was a wonderful person but his book should pass on as well. Overpriced and over written.Bil
Mildly entertaining only. Initially thought the idea of the book funny, but in the end I was disappointed. I think this is because the book has no real story to tell, just lots of instructions on how to survive certain (very unusual) situations and drawings to go with it. The best part is the introduction where the author tells of how he survived Mt. Kilimanjaro - now that's a story! The rest is just a bit dull and rather a lot of common sense and mediocre ideas
Don't waste your money. This book has lots of nice pictures.. but for learning home networking it is juvenile and lacks depth of explanation across multiple network routers, connection nodes, and how-tos.  Don't waste your money
Typical Jeop Fare. The jeop genre depends on a heroine who has no common sense and insists on proving that at every plot juncture. It's hard to imagine this came from McBain
A Little disappointing..... If you have really loved the other boleyn girl by the same author...then this book will be disappointing as it does not have the thrill factor like the other one did. This book failed to engage me and I had to put it down several times. The author must have done extensive research but emphasis is done more on the plants/garden than on the actual story. I Usually finish reading off an entire novel within 3-4 days but this one has been laying around for the last 3-4 weeks
pseudoscience rules again!. And here I thought only Lindzen and Singer could write with such deliberate obfuscation in mind. Hooray for the status quo, let's do nothing until it is too late
What?. I am not sure what to make of this book. The model is nothing new if you really think about it. It's bottled snake oil to some extent. The analysis is arbitrary (that does not mean wrong) and one can find subtle flaws. There are many interesting facts, and other ways to look at events and battles, but the book is useful only to the narrow-minded. I wonder who wrote the other reviews. His friends
Unkindness as Philosophy. THE FOUNTAINHEAD has been described by one of its many followers - yes, followers, not readers, for the book is essentially unreadable -- as a "passionate defense of individualism [that] presents an exalted view of man's creative potential."   This is a fair description, although it points unintentionally to the book's main flaw:  it is not a novel, but a tract posing as a novel.Traditional progressive novels tend to be suspicious of the exalted, especially of those who occupy exalted positions based on birth or social class. In the case of Ms. Rand, the exalted are those rare individuals who, like herself, must be allowed to work their will upon the world because they believe themselves exalted.  A circular argument at best, a bad faith argument in truth, this tacit nod to the slow ascent of the common man and woman since the Enlightenment spares Ms. Rand from plumping for monarchy which, even by today's repellent neo-conservatives standards, is universally seen to be repellent.Because her main character, Howard Roark, architect extraordinaire, is an argument and not recognizably a person, he not surprisingly suffers from a lack of inner-animation.  Sensitive readers will chafe against the underlying and predictable framework that ultimately treats characters as props for Ms. Rand's objectivist philosophy, an anti-progressive stew of prejudices posing as a critique of the welfare state and its "leveling effects."Here's the problem with her "philosophy:"  for every Howard Roark it raises up as Hero, it writes off millions of people as unworthy of our interest, our sympathy and our compassion. Unkindness is not a philosophy most find acceptable.  With THE FOUNTAINHEAD, Rand attempted to make it so and has managed to fool many.  Because she has, she is therefore lauded by her conservative followers because her apologia absolves them of any responsibility for the fate of their fellow men and women.Regrettably, this book and her other tendentious work, ATLAS SHRUGGED, have found their way into the backpacks of idealistic college students.  One suspects that many, because their relative youth causes them to see themselves as unique individuals, are seduced by the notion that they, too, are slated for Heroic status.  I have nothing against people having heroes; young people especially should have them.  But Howard Roark is no hero.  He's a stick figure that represents a hero.  I suspect too, that because of their general unreadability, students think the books are "deep."In retrospect, it seems true that those people whom I knew in college who didn't finish this tract-posing-as-a-novel were people who tended to be relatively reasonable in their social and political views.  Those who did finish it, on the other hand, tended to be immoderate and dogmatic.   Judging by some of the reviews posted here,  this probably remains true today.
Really for Gluten Free diet. This book was really written for people with gluten allergies and for other allergies that are common in children such as eggs, soy and dairy, there was a little note at the bottom of the recipe for substitutions for these ingredients (or a not to omit them completely).  What parents of allergic children really need are fresh ideas about what to feed their kids, not some afterthought note about omitting cheese from a dish built around it.  A better book is the Whole Foods Allergy cookbook, which has great recipes for people with multiple food allergies. I am sure this book is helpful for people suffering from wheat and gluten allergies, but the title should reflect that limitation
My First Real Disappointing Amelia Peabody Book. I just did not like this book, it just did not have much of a point.  Even the usual witty repartee between Amelia and Emerson wasn't enough to salvage this book for me.  The whole plot seems pointless with Amelia and Emerson just meandering around Egypt's various famous archaeological sites.  As much as I hate to admit it, I really missed Ramses, and that whole England bit was far too boring.  Let's hope the next book redeems the series for me
Not one of his better works. This collection of short essays he published in an English paper (and meant for an English audience) seem to miss the mark for American readers.  It's as if he published this because he needed money.  There was nothing original in this book, nothing really funny and what few authentically funny parts there were seemd trite and at times exaggerated.I got tired of this book half-way through and gave up
Nitty Gritty but not much!. I am disappointed with this cookbook. I was looking for a basic cookbook to explain times and techniques to cook standard items in a Toaster Oven. What I call the "Nitty Gritty" of using a Toaster Oven. Obviously I am wrong, the book contains nothing basic, standard or instructional about using a toaster oven
... What a disappointment!  There are no projects with directions, and what the author deems inspirational ideas consist of such things as SEVERAL PAGES describing why it is nice to stick a loving note in your kids' lunchboxes.  Mind you, I would have been delighted with a book of inspirational ideas -- but this sure wasn't it.  I'd be ashamed to give 99% of the items as gifts; they're both tacky and yucky.  The few decent ideas (gifts of herbs or flowers, citing the meaning of each) are old hat if you read any books, magazines, or online crafts lists.  This was a huge disappointment and a colossal waste of money; what could have been wonderful instead seemed heavily padded to use up space, rather than providing viable/innovative ideas (or even good ideas, never mind original). I returned mine to Amazon
Not worth the money. I own a strategy guide for every Final Fantasy game, and this one was sorely disappointing.  I think the only guide that has been worse than this is the FF9 'PlayOnline' joke (that no longer exists online).The strategy guide leaves out several key elements of the game (such as how to find Aeris' limit break BEFORE disc 2), how you can reach certain areas, where to find items, who to have in your party in certain areas, etc.  The information was blatantly inaccurate or extremely confusing.  Some of the maps are mislabeled and look more like a random assortment of screenshots than a coherent guide.All in all, don't waste your money on this guide.  You're better off buying the Brady version instead
Way too much fluff. I am not a scientist, but in past years I've enjoyed the stretch of reading the "best" series.  I have counted on really good, meaty articles that offered up some of the most interesting and stimulating thinking about science and nature to be brought within the reach of readers like me.Not so this year.  The majority of the articles in this anthology are simply entertainment.  A superficial personality piece about James Watson.  An article about trends in baby names.  Etc.  This is waiting room material--good for passing time, but not for learning or provoking thought.Normally, I only bother to write reviews when a book is so wonderful I want to encourage others to read it.  But this one was such a letdown, I wanted to take the trouble to warn others away.  I don't know if the editors just made bad selections this year, or if the material they included really WAS the best of 2004.  If the latter, it's a scary thought
George W. Bush:  Portrait of a Deceiver. One of the best examples of hero worshipping going way over the top.  The only time Prez AWOL said "bring them on" during Nam was to a couple of cold six packs at the frat house in Texas
This is the resource you need in your toolkit to stop the glazed eye syndrome?. Hardly.  I'm not sure what the definitive source on risk managment for software projects is, but this isn't it.  Not even a good primer.
I've read this before somewhere...... She took all of this from other authors. Even her section of how to eat chocolate is strangely reminisant of Will Clower's (The Fat Fallacy) Chocolate Eating Lessons concept.She makes umpteen references to the French and how they eat -- which I am sure she got from French Women Don't Get Fat.She isn't sure which book she is writing - her Wear More Cashmere book or this one. This book has a few too many references to the Cashmere book not to feel like an advertisement for it. The exercise portion isn't very practical -- unless you have a pool, a dance partner, fencing studio or horse stabled nearby. She talks about her old money upbringing enough to be tiresome...and so you just know that she has never had to try to fit exercise around a full time job.She has some good ideas but unfortunaltey they are someone else's.
Could win any poor writing award. The work of a 12 year-old without talent. Phrases are tediously cobbled with clumsy, inappropriate similies. Story line is absurd. If this were Koontz's first novel, no publisher would touch it
WOW...just wow. What a horrible book. The writing style of the author is horrendous! Impossible to follow or even comprehend what he is trying to teach. All the information in this book is readily available online. Save your money and buy "Mastering the trade" by Scott instead
Awful in every which way. This review is of the short story "The Legend of Sleepy Hollow" only.  This is the first story I've read by Washington Irving, and it'll most likely be my last. I grew up watching the Disney cartoon "The Legend of Sleep Hollow" from 1958, which was narrated by Bing Crosby.  It was the only thing that helped me envision this story, as I found the writing very bland and needlessly wordy.  It's as if the author just liked seeing his own words on paper.  I found the narration to skip, rendering it muddled, and I was at a loss if it was an unseen narrator, the author himself, or whomever.  I didn't get a sense of any character, and the horseman was nearly nonexistent.  I can see why the 1999 movie "Sleepy Hollow" with Johnny Depp needed much revamping, as this story is very mind numbing.  I do not recommend
A disappointment. Most of the items in this book were not specifically focused on deals for seniors. I got the feeling that the same contents could have several different covers and be marketed to other niches. In addition, so many of the free things were "free catalogs" or "free recipes"...anyone can get that information off of the Internet without buying a book
Strange and morose. Pretty darn depressing. I didn't like the author's style which contributed greatly to my dislike of the book. If this is supposed to be "stream of consciousness" thoughts of the unnamed man, it missed its mark. I also found two typos - intentional or not? And what's the author got against apostrophes??? Overall the story was grim and the style irritating
Good Reference Book. This book is an excellent reference book for the serious ghost hunter / paranormal investigator. Provides good case histories as well as "ghost stories" that can be used as examples on investigations
Wow... The man refers to Bel-Marduk as a "God of Evil" and labels the most well-known depiction of Cernunnos as Levi's Baphomet. That should be enough of a red flag to let you know it's grossly misled and over-the-top
Little of Substance. The first part of the book is unbearably slow,  the gender differences of boys and girls are painstakingly boiled down into a litany of "boys excel at..., girls excel at.  The list that everybody has heard, sports and spatial tasks = boys,   penmanship, language skills = girls.   The saving grace of this book is that in the 2nd part the author mentions what should actually be done.   Michael Gurian, author/ educator, also has a few pilot projects being run in the state of Missouri. The results sound encouraging.  He encourages teachers to start catering to the needs of both genders in the class. He stresses that to do this teachers will need training.  As for parents the usual "be a concerned and supportive parent" is always added.  I was generally unimpressed with the book, no real blockbusters. The real world results of his pilot education programs were to me the issue that maybe the author was onto something. Hopefully if it is as good as its portrayed this method will gain some notoriety.
Great Fiction, Confused Facts. This is dramatic yarnspinning about Chicago's urban ship wreck that gives a human side to George Hilton's encyclopedic Eastland; Legacy of the Titanic.  This cinematic version even uses some fictional techniques to explain of the unknowns of the story-such as the enigmatic actions of the captain.However, the author sometimes  cuts too much to the chase--such as removing the ship's happy six year career on Lake Erie.  Readers of George Hilton may wonder that the famous near capsize outside of  South Haven has been moved to Chicago Harbor" (page 45).  Then he says that the Eastland trial was in a "Chicago federal court building" (page 222) rather than Grand Rapids.The author reveals himself as a landsman with a few nautical word problems.   The word comandeer (p. 210) does not mean to hire.  Eastland while snug at her dock (page 28) was not "yawing" nor "pitching."  And he creates a miracle (page 29) where people "trekked across the lake."   He says that USS Wilmette had a main battery of four 50 caliber guns (page 232), but Hilton's photos show large caliber guns. Bonansinga says (page 223) that  "... Hilton methodically proved  that the true reason that the ship went over was...a glut of lifeboats."  But Professor  Hilton honestly shows this reason to be just a theory, as he shows on his opening pages and in his math.This exciting retelling should make a fine film--and perhaps inspire even more research into this complex and tragic event
Forced conclusions, negative predictions. In her section about Lakewood, the author tries to create a connection between Lakewood, the spur posse, and the military-industrial complex that does not exist.  She regards Lakewood as a breeder town, built to supply human labor for the aerospace industry.  Here are the facts:  1.  Lakewood was created in 1948 by real estate investors to provide housing for returning WW2 veterans.  2.  The LB Naval Shipyard, Douglas Aircraft, Lockheed, Northrop, and North American Aviation were all in operation long before Lakewood was built.  3.  The spur posse was given way too much publicity by the tabloid TV vultures to a National audience.  I emphasize the word National.  The market for those kind of unhealty tv shows goes beyond southern Calif.Lakewood home values are very good, and the neighborhood infrasturcture is a lot more organized than most southern Calif housing projects built in the same era.  If she wants to bash a southern Calif. neighborhood, Long Beach would be an easier target.  There, you have many nice one-home lots that were destroyed by investors who built 8-unit apartments on a one-home lot.Anyone who has not actually lived in Lakewood might believe her essay...but it is not reality.  In the end, she thinks So. Calif is headed over the cliff.  I would say the idyllic "Calif. Golden Fantasy" is no more...but whatever changes that occur here will have to be dealt with in a positive manner, instead of just being given an obituary
Interesting, but not Groundbreaking. Overall, I found this episode in the life and adventures of Randy Komisar to be interesting, but not groundbreaking.  Though certainly filled with some valuable insights, there was something more to be desired.  There was still a lot to learn, however, the most important being the general observations from a real-life perspective on what it takes to enjoy life in the entrepreneurial world.The work itself was often scattered and forced.  There was no real continuity between the flashbacks, often sounding as if Mr. Komisar decided to insert various triumphs in his life whenever he felt like it.  Furthermore, I found the characters of Lenny and Allison to be more symbolic than human.  They were not actual individuals, but prompts put in by Komisar to respond to the questions he wanted answered.  In his interactions with them, Komisar walked an unhealthy line between humility and arrogance, presenting himself as a sort of low-key person who thinks outside the box, yet is always right on everything and draws reverence from those around him.  At times, I wondered whether this book was more of a teaching tool or a testament to his own greatness.I found his main message to be useful, but somewhat hypocritical.  His criticism of the "work first and then retire" philosophy struck especially close to home, as that is one I have often embraced.  I paid close attention to his words and was partially persuaded.  I think he is downright contradictory, however, when he tries to use his own life as an example of how a business does better when fueled by complete passion and the expectation of it being one's life's work.  There were many times when I felt like screaming out, "Mr. Komisar, practice what you preach!"  Furthermore, I can think of so many ways that his theory is wrong.  Sometimes, the best businessman is one who has passion for what he/she is doing, but also has the ability to be objective and analyze the situation with an objective business savvy.  When he and his mentor Campbell (of Columbia fame!) ran GO to the ground, sticking with it through its crash landing, he writes as if that is a good thing.  That is fine when you have enough money to absorb that kind of failure, but most beginning entrepreneurs do not.  Komisar got where he is because of the strategy he condemns.The other major problem with the book is the premise of funerals.com.  I found it to be a very poor example, as it unjustly generalized the funeral market.  While I am sure there are funeral homes who take advantage of people in their vulnerable, grieving states, I cannot think of anything less comforting than making arrangements over a computer instead of with people.  The character of Allison in representing the opposite extreme really represented absurdity.  If she were so feeling and caring, why not establish a not-for-profit website for grieving families?  I was never convinced that they were after anything but money, and the only evidence that their purpose was primarily moral was Komisar merely claiming it.  If this had been some kind of technological advancement in medicine, for instance, then I could have understood the enduring desire to save lives while also profiting.  The funeral example, however, is weak at best, and so is the pathetic Celestine Prophecy/Richest Man in Babylon rip-off with the riddle.The strength of the book is in Komisar's thoughts about achieving happiness in life rather than about success in business.  Unlike the other characters, I was able to connect with Komisar as a human being, experimenting with different companies and developing his own tastes.  I gained a lot from reading his experiences, even if they were disjointed, and while I may have disagreed with him on some points, I learned from them.  I am glad I read the book, found it useful, but would hardly call it a masterpiece.
Line Extension  and  questionable concepts. I liked very much Trout and Ries, Positioning and Marketing Warfare. Reading this book, I had an impression that most of the professional knowledge the author has, was distilled in his previous books.Mr Trout is doing something he said was not a good practice in Advertising (see Positioning): Line Extension. The good parts of this book you will find in his previous books, maybe with different phrases and examples.The other thing that is hurting is that he is trying to give advice in areas where he has limited knowledge and experience.Looking at some titles of the chapters in this book you will find:Chapter 4 - Quality and Customer Orientation are rarely differentiating Ideas.Toyota and Honda achieved a position in the mind of customers worldwide that they make high quality products for a good price. Well, it will be difficult for the other automakers, who are actually working to catch up in quality, to differentiate themselves on quality, for they are also runs. I would say that is a hell of a strategy, maybe is not for everyone, but them differentiation is by definition for a few, and not for everybody.How many companies have positioned themselves as high quality products? Does it pay? Go ask Nikon, Zeiss, Leica, Volvo, Patek Philippe...Chapter 5 has as title: "Creativity is not a differentiating Idea"I guess I cannot believe that Mr. Trout has read his own phrase. Does he mean that lack of creativity is a differentiating Idea? Does not make sense. I think quite the opposite, when you are not able to create something unique, is when you go out trying to do something else to differentiate yourself.I have seen creativity applied to Advertising, the results were fantastic. In Brazil, sometime ago, Brastemp, (a Home Appliances company with financial links with Whirlpool) run an ad campaign that stressed the Quality of Brastemp products using the phrase: " it is not a Brastemp !". Each ad told a story about something (not related to appliances) and the concluding remarks would be " it is not a Brastemp !". The phrase got so popular, that became incorporated as an expression of our language. The end result was that Brastemp established itself in the market so strongly that still today people in Brazil position Brastemp as the top quality producer of home appliances. In the mind of the Brazilian consumer Brastemp is top quality, better than GE, Electrolux, ex-Westinghouse, etc...I have seen creativity applied to Product Design with similar results.This book should be read with a critical eye, for it has some impressive phrases but when you think a second time and compare with some practical experience you find problems.I am not an advertising professional, I just enjoy reading books that come with good new ideas.
Disgusting. I began reading this book quite a few years ago but elected to stop after forty pages.  It is aimless, vile, and without any redeeming qualities whatsoever.  Be warned: this is one you'll be ashamed to put in the garage sale...if you don't decide to just set it up in flames and put it out of its misery first
too much of a good thing. Do not misunderstand me: this book is fun. Problem is, it is only fun while it could have been really good and I hate to see good ideas wasted.The writing itself is no more than straightforward: there are several clumsy turns of phrase, many repetitions, some shabbyness here and there.The main problem is the plot we have no real mistery or thriller or whatever, just an excuse of a plot to introduce the main character, Ms Anita Blake, 24 y.o. -is she not just a little too young?- necromancer and ***-kicker.She is thrown with us into a bulging heap of violence and/or bodice ripping situations, facing countless (and I mean COUNTLESS) characters, none of which satisfyingly rounded: Anita spends all of her time ***-kicking, deciding how to dress to hide her guns or whether she is ready to die horribly.I am not saying she is not a nice character because she is, she even has a depth -but once again, can someone so young have such clear sighted symptathetic cynism?- though she tends to repeat the same puns too often.A pity, there are some breathtaking paragraphs, others are excellent, the author seems to be able to move her pawns when she wants to: Phillip, for example, one of Anita's companions in her adventure is outright lovely and could have been perfect with just a little more concentration.Let us see whether this first volume is just a warm up for better things to come
save your $ and  time  this is not a true Cat Who book. I have read or listened to the entire Cat Who series and this one was a so far off base that finishing is was painful. There was no mystery The 'Barn" is lost almost as an after thought to fill space. I feel that someone tried to pass this off as a Ms Braun's story to meet a number of words requirement.  There was no plot development even close to the of past Cat Who books.  This was on book I wish I had never purchased.
Bogus theory. This mans theories have been taken too far. Sure he wrote the book well but the content is laughable. In order to prove the theory proposed, he requires future findings of fossils that, to this day, haven't been found yet. 1/5 Stars for Charlie
You must be kidding. I wish I could have back the numerous tedious hours slogging through White Noise to the bitter, bitter end.  Not since Jane Smiley's Moo has such a dull tome been written aobut, among other things, Ameican academia.  Little happens of note.  No one cares about the cardboard characters.  Someone gets shot in the belly, for no good reason.  And yet this is fawnedover as a comic masterpiece by, among others, The New York Times.  I ahve been told to read White Noise before I picked up Underworld.  Have no fear.  I'll undergo root canal without Novocain before I try that one on for size.  I've been reading nothing but plumber's trade journals and German magazines just to try to get the taste of this novel out of my mouth for the past few days.  I'm thinking of getting the definitive Curious George collection just so I don't have to read any words.  At least that guy in the big yellow hat knew enough to keep his mouth shut, unlike that noncompoop Jack Gladney and his boring friends.  If people prersist in thinking this is great literature, I suggest giving up reading altogether.
Nothing insightful here. Most everything included here is common sense.  There are a few important concepts included here, but they are better covered in other texts
Thesis is not plausible. Disclaimer:  I have only been able to sample Professor Butz's work.  I looked at those portions of particular interest to me.  I read what he had to say about Jewish demographics, that is, the number of Jews in Europe before and after the Second World War.  I also looked at what he had to say about the Wannsee Conference of January 1942, at which the Germans, according to the standard historians, decided on the Holocaust. I was also interested to see how he evaluated the Nuremberg trials of the top Nazi leaders.On population figures, Professor Butz will not accept any data from Jewish or "Communist" (i.,e. Soviet) sources, since, he says, such sources are tainted.  Jews and Communist lie, according to Professor Butz, so why listen to them.On the Wannsee Conference, he quotes the Nazi sources that speak of Nazi plans to deport all of Europe's Jews and to enslave them.  But since these Nazis did not spell out an intention to kill all Jews in so many words, Professor Butz finds that, therefore,  this source is reliable evidence for his proposition that no such killings took place.In Professor Butz's book, moreover,  whoever says that he has witnessed the Holocaust is a liar.On the Nuremberg trials, he finds that any incriminating statements by Nazis to have been extorted by cruel and sadistic Allied guards.Professor Butz's work gives evidence of great industriousness.  He has many footnotes and supplies many figures and pictures.  Such apparatus has been taken as a sign of deep scholarship by his friends and supporters.  But his analysis of all these data is simple:  whatever supports his thesis is accepted, whatever contradicts it is called a lie.But unfortunately for Professor Butz,  it is quite impossible to accept his thesis without also accepting his notion of the Jews.  He sees Jews of all stripes -- from the most Zionist to folks like Noam Chomsky -- as united in a vast conspiracy to dupe the non-Jewish world.  Moreover, in order to accept Professor Butz's work, we must also accept that this Jewish conspiracy, this "Hoax" as he calls it, was also uncritically accepted by all the professional historians who have worked in this area.  Everyone is a dupe, everyone, that is, except he himself and his handful of friends.Is that plausible ?  I don't think so.
Johnson Brothers Dinnerware: Pattern Directory and Price Guide. I was especially interested in the different backstamps of the Heritage Hall pattern, I didn't find them. I was very disappointed in the absence of Heritage Hall pieces. I returned the book
old fashioned and quite boring!. A Virtuous Woman is a book by Kaye Gibbons and is about a woman named Ruby Pitt who meets a guy named Jack Stokes one day when he spots her sitting at a picnic table. She was much younger than he was and was raised much differently than he was.Ruby was a widow but ends up married to jack.Jack was so in love with his wife through everything they went through even when she was diagnosed with cancer.They were opposites and when Ruby dies Jack is lost without her.They seemed to have an unusual relationship in my opinion. It was actually really hard for me to keep reading each page as i went on.It just wasnt a story that kept me wanting more!and that is why i gave it only 2 stars. i didnt even want to finish the book and that is why i think it took me so long to read it.It really dissapointed me seeing as how i loved Kaye Gibbons first novel, ELLEN FOSTER.i think that another reason i didnt enjoy the book is that there were too many characters to keep track of and it made the book a bit confusing.i really didnt like the transition of chapters either. it was a bit unorganized.There was no action in this novel and i'm sad to say that i dont reccommend it to anyone really
borrrrrring. I gagged my way through The Notebook but thought I would give Nicholas Sparks another try.  I read about 1/3 of the book and decided it was a waste of my time.
Total Rubbish. The last reviwer is a bit daft. In some 70 years of reading History I have never read such lies, distortions, and incoherent gibberish. The author is CLEARLY appealing to ethnic sentiment over "EVIDENCE AND FACTS." I suggest readers read the dozen or so "Most Helpful Reviews." Those reviewers were very in depth and know their SUBJECT
I thought the information in this book was lacking. I did not feel this book gave adequate information consistent with the title
ANGST WITHOUT WISDOM MAKES FOR A TRIVIAL READ. This book, set in the Midwest in the early 70's, is unbelievable and ultimately silly.  I was a young woman during that time; I can tell all you younger readers out there that there is no authenticity to this story.  It might have worked if set in the 19th century on the Plains, or perhaps the English moors.  No, probably not because angst is not a reason to write a book, no matter how skilled the author at writing prose.I had the sense while reading this book that Ansay started with the premise that the world is bad, and most people are cruel, insensitive and victimized.  Then she tried to invent reasons why this is true.  The results are cardboard characters that are cutouts of cruel, victimized people with no human being attached.The premise that a painful past makes for a wretched person has been done wonderfully well in countless other books.  Try Elizabeth Bowen's "Death of the Heart" for a masterful treatment of this subject. If you're looking for dysfunctional families, try Joanna Trollope.  They are honest, they are believable.Ansay has not yet developed the heart, vision or wisdom to see people as whole beings.  If she ever does she will be a knockout of a writer because her prose style is wonderful.  Until she does, her books will be one long, depressing, unbelievable whine
Poor evidence of sources. Maguelonne Toussaint-Samat provides a rather feeble excuse for her limited bibliography and fails to provide adequate citations for many of her assertions. There is an obvious French slant on history throughout the book. And in some cases there appear to be insertions of &quot;local legends&quot; or Francophile dreams for which there is no other evidence than Toussaint-Samat's statement (i.e., fabricated quotations attributed to Charlemagne's biographer in the cheese story on pages 116-117 - look it up!). In a generalized, broad-spectrum work such as this it would be all but impossible to check every fact. But, that being said, the book contains hundreds if not thousands statements of fact and her uncritical (at best!) inclusion of information for which there is no evidence in the source cited brings the whole book, as an authoritative source, into question
No Thanks. On the back cover of the book" "The book includes:" are eight items. For me the books fails to hit the mark on any. For instance, "In-depth practical and theoretical explanations of martial applications". Well just go to page 122 Tui zhang where you get one snap shot and a 60 word pharagraph description that's it -done,fini!  There is a whole southern style White Crane system  virtually based/rooted on this single movement but anybody reading this book would never get a clue of the potential.
Shiny. This is a good looking book but disappointed us, somehow there wasn't a lot of useful information in it compared to other guide books! We sold it when we got back
better luck next time. could not wait to get my hands on this new mcallister book, the previous efforts being so entertaining &amp; w/such superb character development. this one was all over the map as i guess even the best writers experience a &quot;hiccup&quot; now &amp; again! certainly NOT worth the price of admission
Ignorance. The Civil War ended over 150 years ago. Civil rights are now a matter of law. 911 shows us the results of this type of intolerance. Why do these authors attempt to perpetuate a &quot;racial&quot; orientation that can no longer be supported? The South no longer &quot;lives&quot;; it is time to move into the 21st century
Mindless, Maddening Drivel Full Of Stereotypes. A friend lent me Good In Bed when I'd run out of ideas for books to read. I read it, didn't care much for the characters, and ultimately came out of the story feeling worse about life.A few months later, I came upon this book, and since Weiner's actual writing style wasn't so bad, I thought I'd check it out. I didn't even finish it.It seems as if Jennifer Weiner writes to make herself feel better when she's down; exalting overweight, plain-faced girls who have a tendency to whine, writing the petite and attractive with overtones of condescencion and contempt, and failing completely to create a male character with more than one and a half dimensions.That said, this could have been a good story. Weiner does have some talent as a writer... her prose flows easily and is unpretentious, she speaks realistically even when the characters are hardly likeable, and the general ideas of the plot following the sisters' relationship, the connection with their grandmother, and what they do after their falling-out were all fun and interesting. I did very nearly almost care about these characters.Still, I couldn't actually bring myself to give a hoot about these whiny, one-dimensional people. It's books like this that make me hate chick-lit so much. If you want to read girly stories, I'd rather you go to Barbara Kingsolver or Amy Tan... at least they have brains to back up their talent
Misleading. I have been a huge fan of Michael Crichton for about 25 years.  However, this book is misleading and dangerous.  Almost every respectable scientist in the world now agrees that global warming is real and that we are greatly accelerating this problem (except some scientists affiliated with the petroleum and automobile industries).Writing a book that disputes global warming would be like writing a book that disputes the holocaust - Mr. Crichton could just as easily have written a book about how the holocaust did not really happen, and provide plenty of "references" to support this premise.  Tragically, in the long term, global warming could be far more destructive than even the holocaust.I hope that someday Mr. Crichton recognizes that, in addition to his enormous talent for entertaining, he has enormous influence on people's thoughts and actions through his books.  There is a quote: "With great power comes great responsibility."  But in this case it would seem: "With great power comes great profit at the expense of the planet.
Not quite what I expected... The first twenty pages of the book quickly sparks your interest but soon after that, the story drags until it picks back up again toward the last third of the book.  I think the story would have been more credible if Barr would have thoroughly explored the inner workings of her fictional religious sect and offered more details about it.  Without those details, the book seemed "unfinished".  It was like watching a movie and only viewing the actions of the good guy without being exposed to villain.  Boring in my opinion.
Grammatically Correct: paperback. I am certain that this is an invaluable book for those needing writing help. Yet, there is an extreme drawback to this book, for no matter how well written this book may be, the paperback version is produced with a mere 8 point font throughout-making the book seriously unreadable.If you need the writing help I suggest you spring for the more expensive version of the book, or better yet just buy the latest edition of Punctuate it Right! by Harry Shaw.
Worthless. It has been a while since 1948, when five Arab nations launched an attack on Israel.  The purpose of the attack was not to protect anyone.  It was to obliterate human rights of Jews in the region.  In effect, the Arabs were fighting for pride while the Jews were fighting for their lives.  Not surprisingly, the Jews fought harder.  And the Jews won.Now some scholars have decided that the time has come to deny all this and rewrite this history, claiming not only that the Jews were arrogant aggressors, but that most Jews conspired to tell the same lies about it.  It certainly serves no purpose to blame the victims of the Arab invasion in such a manner.  If the cause the authors are fighting for loses, what will they have accomplished?  If their cause wins, they will have struck a very counterproductive blow against scholarship, justice, and human rights.
80's Reprint. Another reprint from Krentz's 1980s backlist. Alyssa Chandler is a statistician for a California company but on weekends she becomes a lady gambler in Las Vegas. She meets the mysterious Jordan Kyle and her life changes drastically. She cannot relegate him to her weekends and he has the ablility to ruin her corporate life. If you are expecting something of the caliber of current Krentz books, look in another place. This is not the best of her reprinted titles, "Fabulous Beast" comes to mind. Gambler is enjoyable but predictable. Wait for the publishing date of her newest book
More Pablum For The Dummies. I guess Albom will just keep churning out this psychobabble but I'm done with him.  At least I can say I never paid for any of his Oprahlit. Just wasted time at a library. Please don't make this huckster one cent richer. Buy something more edifying.  Like toilet paper
Keep your contacts warm. I contrast this book with "Buzz Marketing" by Mark Hughes.In a nutshell, Mr. McDaniel's signature recommendation is to chat people up to keep contacts warm. The book has many more practical suggestions for how to build a network and influence people.Mr. Hughes offers a well thought-out assessment of how marketing clutter and public discounting of marketing messages has changed marketing in the past few decades, and what marketers can do to compensate for these conditions.  Hughes tells you how to run your business, not how to run your personal network
Fukuyama Disproves Himself -- Ideology trumps facts. I was intrigued by his &quot;The End of History.&quot; I thought his  &quot;Trust&quot; was a brilliant book and used it extensively in my  masters thesis and doctoral dissertation. I only hope this latest book is a  disruption in an ongoing chain of good books. In the end, &quot;The Great  Disruption&quot; is a down right silly book. It has a lot of usefull data  but Fukuyama's humanistic ideology clouds it all. All his empirical data  and any real understanding of history undermine his polly-anna conclusion:  that things just have to get better because people are ultimately good.  Fukuyama proves that the moral consensus -- the social capital -- of the  earlier era has been wiped away. That crime has sky-rocketed and that the  apparent drops in recent crime rates are only the result of high  incarceration rates and lower percentages of younger men. Then he turns  around and wants us to believe that disfunctional behaviour has dropped  because people are naturally gregarious and have a natural inclination to  rebuild social capital. He doesn't bother to deal with societies -- like  Ethiopia -- that have never been able to build up enough social capital. He  doesn't really look any further back in history past about 1950. His  generalizations about the 19th century merely show how little he has taken  into account the big picture of history. He thinks (based on his ideology  of human goodness) that things just have to get better. If he had studied  Pitirim Sorokin for a really big picture of history, he would know better.  People can come to a similar optimistic conclusion as does Fukuyama but  they will need to be much better grounded in history if they are going to  make generalizations about long-term historical cycles. For that, I would  recommend Robert W. Fogel's &quot;The Fourth Great Awakening and the Future  of Egalitarianism.&quot; Fogel, a Nobel prize winner, has all the optimism  of Fukuyama but with the history to back it up
Don't try this at home. If you are afraid that sociopaths are learning effective ways to kill ,then this book will put your fears to rest. One of Minnery's suggestions is to find out what hotel room your target is staying in. Then rent two  hospital X-ray machines and position them in the two rooms adjacent to the  target's room. Aim them through the walls at his bed and crank them on. The  target will die of leukemia. The only practical method in his entire How To  Kill series was Hatchet To The Medulla. If these books were required  reading for every would-be killer in America the homicide rate would drop  considerably
Not!. I had to quit reading after the third page. This woman thinks she's humorous, but it's at we clutters' expense. The put-downs just keep coming and coming, which is NOT the way to build a rapport with the reader who is  searching for advice. I give her 1 star for trying
Some good ideas for Western Christians. The main thesis of Ordering Your Private World is that all of life should be planned and managed, eliminating the false dichotomy between the secular and sacred. The book is organized into four sections. And each of the fourteen chapters is prefaced with a "Memo to the Disorganized."Gordon MacDonald has been a pastor and in the leadership of World Vision and InterVarsity. So he clearly has some significant gifts in leadership. But it was only a few years after publishing Ordering Your Private World, that he had an affair, according to the Washington Post . So it seems it was precisely in his "private world", where MacDonald has failed the most.This leads me to question if spiritual success has very much to do with organization and planning. That being said, to look at a moral failure as invalidating all of MacDonald's work would be fallacious. His moral failure could in fact be due to not practicing what he literally wrote the book on. At the very beginning of the book he says:"Slowly and sometimes painfully, I have discovered that to bring organization to the private world Christ chooses to live is both a lifelong and a daily matter. Something within - the Bible calls it sin - resists both His residence and all of the resulting order. It prefers a disorder where wrong motives and values can be hidden away and drawn to the surface in unguarded moments" (8).Planning, measurement, and follow through are often keys to success in business. It makes some sense to apply these principles to our whole lives. But this is a very Western perspective. In an event oriented culture, where relationships are much more important than getting things done, one might need to spend all day sitting around, talking and eating to get to the ten or fifteen minuets of "real business."Another issue that MacDonald doesn't address the fact that for a very structured, planned and scheduled life to be comfortable, has as much to do with personal temperament as it does with discipline. He's correct in saying that most people do exercise this discipline in their work. But they do so out of necessity, based on how Western business works.It seems that the private world should be personal. We need spiritual disciplines for sure. But they should become part of who we are.  They should fit with our cultural orientation and with our temperament
Lunatics. The first two-thirds of this story is very good, with wild but endearing characters and an interesting plot. But then, it seems as though the author dumps all the tragedy and suffering he can possibly think of on the characters, like he is setting up bowling pins just to knock them down.  The very end of the book is plain awful, with plot resolutions that are, in turn, nauseating, cutesy, and just plain preposterous, despite the fact that this is a semi-magical realism type of tale.  Skip this and read In the City of Shy Hunters.  This one is a real mess
Not for Highlander Fans. The premise of this book is interesting; for some unknown reason a few immortals are born here and there around the planet. This is not so much a novel as a disjointed collection of vignettes and short stories that cover the centuries since ancient Phoenicia to a bizarre future where everyone is immortal. If you are expecting the derring-do and character development of the television series Highlander, skip this book. It drags unmercifully in parts, and is overall unsatisfying and (dare I say it?) boring
A spoiled rich woman and a boring story. I started reading this book with the expectation that I would learn about women in a culture totally different than mine. Instead, I read the story of a lusty, rich, worldly woman with no sense of morality. Then it gets  incredibly dry as the author launches into a historical story from the  middle ages. Very boring, and I heartily do NOT recommend this book
You only need one Atkins book. Dr. Atkins' New Diet Revolution contained far more relevant information than The Atkins Essentials.  Frankly put, if you already have one of the Atkins books, don't waste your money and buy more.  All you need is one
A Bad Joke. It takes over half of the book to get to the plot, a criminal who passes away after telling his family that he was a war hero during WW II, and it turns out that he wasn't when the family tries for a military burial, the lead character Private Eye Kinsey Millhone is not the sharpest tack in the box, at least 60% of the writing is vivid descriptions of room decor, scenery and includes the foaming soap bubbles in a sink of dishwater, and if she mentions her underpants once she mentions them 40 times, the ending was too rushed and very unsatisfactory.  This was my first Grafton book, I may go try one of the earlier ones as I can't believe an author this popular writes this style of trivial drivel.  Skip L is for a Loser
unbelievable. I look for Linda Howards books as soon as they come out but was dissapointed with this one.  An unbelievable plot can be entertaining but this story was to much.
Please Refrain. I picked up this book because the story looked interesting; little did I know that this book would be so horrible I would put it down in the middle.  Good grief!  Unfortunately, Gail Tsukiyama has a nasty habit of writing choppy books.  She'll touch on one idea for about a page, never really going in-depth, then move on.  In addition, the characters all seemed one-dimensional and never convinced me to care about them.  As a result, Gail Tsukiyama's work came off as very amateur-ish and unworthy of my time.  For good fiction about Asian women, please read some of Amy Tan's older works or Arthur Golden's Memoirs of a Geisha.
My least favorite P.K. Dick book. I love Philip K. Dick's books (almost all of them, and I'm pretty sure I've read just about all of them over the years). But I have a strong suspicion that he wrote Now Wait for Last Year when he was a kid and had it published after his writing credentials had been secured. In the book, he uses a lot of big words (for an S.F. writer), but he doesn't seem to know how to use them properly. And he doesn't know how to use the English language properly, either. There's no way this book could have been published on its own, with no famous author's name on it. The plot is excellent, and true PK Dickian. But I had a VERY hard time finishing it because of the astonishingly bad writing (it's his style, but the awkwardness of the syntax and word usage is like driving on a pot-holed road). Any other book of his is better. Read this one last
(Mostly) disappointing and depressing. I had read Mendelbaum, and I'd read Scott Miller, and yes, even the Banfield Sondheim book, so when I finally got an Ethan Mordden book for Christmas, I was hoping that this famous chronicler of the musical would have something new and interesting. Unfortunately, if there is anything new or interesting about Mordden's writing, it's not likely found in this unstructured, sometimes incoherant book. He presents his often off-the-wall opinions as facts, and I feel sorry for anyone picking up this for the first time and thinking that it should be taken at face value. (Is Marie Christine, the show that even Audra McDonald couldn't save, really the most important new show in 25 years? And why is the heartbreaking and beautiful Floyd Collins dismissed in a paragraph as "not as good as Violet"?)Furthermore, Mordden insults his audience so much as being stupider than him that the factual and textual errors are absolutely unforgivable. Example: Twyla Tharp's dance show "Movin' Out" is called, incorrectly, "Movin' On" not once but TWICE on the SAME PAGE. I guess you're not as smart as you thought, huh, Ethan?Overall, I'd steer anyone looking for a decent chronicle of musicals away from this book, especially if you are not already well-read on the subject. Perhaps Mordden's other books are better, but I probably won't buy any after this load of rubbish. Try Ken Mendelbaum, who actually respects the art form and his audience.. For all our sakes
Fell well short of my expectations... When I started reading this book, I was hopeful that it would be an insightful commentary on the ridiculous nature of politically-correct word choice.  Unfortunately, I did not find it to be particularly clever or funny.  On some level, it seems like the PC craze has subsided since the mid-90's when the book was written, and it just doesn't read as the brilliant critique that I expected.  We've now heard so many silly descriptions followed by the suffix "challenged" that it just isn't funny anymore.  I suppose that this book worked much better when it was written, but it hasn't aged well over the ten years since
Not so hot. This is my 3rd martial arts dictionary.  I'm not that impressed.  The book is largely devoted to more full explanations of the terms used in various arts.  But it's hardly encompassing.  In fact, there are so many items left out that I'm left wondering why it wasn't 3 times it's size.  There's certainly enough source material!I have another Martial Arts dictionary which is tiny (not quite as thick and about 1/4 the size) with 10 times the number of terms and they are fairly well explained in there.  I like reference material, so this will probably get a 2.5 in reality, but I'm rounding down for lack of depth.  The explanations are quite nice, however, so if that's what you are looking for, you will be happy.  It does, at least, cover some phrases as well as words.If, like me, you are looking for a real dictionary with a ton of entries and hopefully as many phrases, as they say in Star Wars: "move along
Patterson readers beware of this dog. The only explanation is that James Paterson churned this dog out to make a buck. I've read a number of James Patterson books and while I'm not a hard core fan, I've enjoyed most of them. I know this will outrage some Patterson readers but I'm not much of a fan of Alex Cross who frankly I find boring as hell.As mediocre as Patterson often is as an author, readers should beware, London Bridges is especially bad. The novel reads like an abridgement, moving at a frantic pace without ever generating any suspense. The premise is ridiculous - super criminals with silly names join forces to blackmail world leaders (sounds like the plot for an Austin Powers movie - without any of the humour).Patterson is not remotely qualified to enter the international terrorist thriller market. An author who churns out 3 or 4 novels a year doesn't have time to do the kind of research that is needed to produce a plausible terrorist thriller.The twists at the end - "he's the wolf - no, he's the wolf - no, she's the wolf - no...." by the end, I just didn't care.James Patterson has written some decent crime novels but his fans should beware. Quantity, not quality seems to be Patterson's priority these days. London Bridges is a mess from beginning to end.
Bland illustrations, lackluster text. I bought this book in the hopes that the text would be simple enough for my four-year-old. It was simple enough, but at great cost.  Details I remember from the tellings I heard as a child were missing.   There was nothing in the text that would help a child even remotely empathize with the characters.  Ugh.  I wanted my son to like or at least remember the story, but hearing this retelling was like eating cardboard.  The illustrations weren't that great either, with nothing to attract a child's eye.  Get a different version
Yuck Yuck Yuck. She never has an appropriate ending. Can she go back to school and learn the "ABC's" of how to end a novel?This was just lame.  You couldnt really get into the characters and I felt nothing for them.Becasue of this book I will not read her novels again
powerless state?. the authors  argument move away vague, impressionistic and general arguments about the supposed powerless state which globalization is meant to have induced. However,  the concept of state capacity in his book is so vague that will weaken his argument. On the other hand, the states that the author select to support his conclusion cannot represent all the states in world. With the development of globalization, the capacity of multinational corporations is obviously more and more stronger than small states in the world. In Asian financial crisis, some individuals can destroy a nations economy and make is backward about 20 years. From this point, the state become more and more powerless instead of what Weiss think in this book
21 out of 101. Most of 101 ways to promote yourself comes off as filler. While all of these are ways to promote yourself, an individual would realistically be able to use 21 of them. The others seem to not apply, or are so obvious and logical. But Pinskey does cover alot of ground and as a reference to trigger some idea or things to thing about, it may still be worth the price
Oh, how shallow. I can't believe how many people rave about this book. I just finished it today and it was probably one of the most shallow, superficial books I have read in a very long time. New York women all acting like spoiled little girls, the whole story reminds me of the Barbie phenomenon. It they were to make a movie out of this book, they should use all the Barbie characters and let's nor forget about Ken! Such a waste of time
Shallow Interpretations. Although I appreciated Helen McCarthy's inside information from interviews and her filmography list, I found her analysis of these films very superficial.  In short, I feel that any avid fan of Miyazaki could have written this book: it is simply a collection of facts and, as the other negative reviewer said, gushing about the films.  There is no in-depth, intellectual engagement with Miyazaki's work
What Joshi believes and why he is wrong. Just imagine if the back cover of this hilarious atheist manifesto featured the (generally respected) Publishers Weekly review: "God's defenders deserve a better critique than this misanthropic rant". Not many published books from respectable publishing companies get labeled as misanthropic rants but here the label is very apt. Atheists should be embarrassed by this book. The job of adequately summarizing what such a diverse group of God's defenders believes is hard enough, let alone show in 150 pages why they are wrong. Joshi is either hopelessly ambitious or just crazy if he thinks he can accomplish serious demolition work like this. But, you say, why don't you actually read the book before you judge it by its cover? Well, I did...and it got even more pathetic. Joshi completely caricatures just about everybody's position, but especially C.S. Lewis. Just one example: Joshi asserts that Lewis was ignorant of Darwinism and was actively hostile to it. On the contrary, in many of his essays he shows a very good understanding of evolutionary theory, even agreeing with modern materialistic thinkers that evolution as such supports no notion of progress. He also sufficiently understood the implications of evolutionary epistemology to mount a critique of naturalism based on the evolutionary origin of our cognitive faculties, decades before Plantinga did the same thing with more sophistication. Now, to be fair, some of Joshi's points do hit the mark. G.K. Chesterton was a bit eccentric in some of his argumentation and he did employ the 'complete reversal' tactic a bit too often. But that pales compared to his incredible insights on his time and prophetically on our own time. You judge a writers work and believes in their totality, not in isolated circumstances. The writing is full of invective, "sound and fury signifying nothing", no hint of sophistication or intellectual maturity. Since Joshi cannot produce work of comparable genius and impact to William James, Annie Dillard, or C.S. Lewis and G.K. Chesterton for that matter, he parasitically gains notoriety by means of this laughable, totally inadequate critique. If there's one good thing I hope this book can do, though, it is to prompt readers (and I hope they do) to read the works of God's Defenders for themselves, and see how they measure up to Joshi's polemic. Who knows, it may even convince people of the absurdity of atheism and make a believer out of them
There are better books out there. This book was way too basic.It mainly said play super tight and move all in against "Phils"so they can't outplay you.Tell me something I don't kno
Overview. Awesome table of contents.  Gives you a smattering of everything.  A special strength is the section on Arcnet, the hot technology of 1979, that some of us are still using.  However the book doesn't really get you up to speed in anything in particular.  You'll still need to dive into deeper waters like those in Charles E. Spurgeon's _Ethernet: The Definitive Guide,_ Thomas Maufer's _IP Fundamentals: What Everyone Needs To Know About Addressing &amp; Routing,_ and Rich Seifert's _The Switch Book._  Does not cover Windows XP
Not Worth the Money or Time. My sixth grade English class read this book and it may be the worst book I've ever read. The story is boring. Except for mabye one or two, the characters seem lifeless. Three in particular seem to fade into the background. The storyline is the same of any other mystery like this: some kid gets accused of something he/she didn't do and his/her friends try to prove his innocence. It's extremely boring! This book is a waste of your time and money
The kid's 5...and she says she's &quot;in love&quot;!. Junie B. Jones: Kindergartener. She's worrying about having a boyfriend and living &quot;happily ever after&quot; in her strange Junie-like world. First of all, her grammar is horrible and is fighting over this poor little 5-year-old boy named Warren, who just wants to be left alone. Even Lucille and Grace liked him, and Junie B liked him because he was on a T.V. commercial. I'm 9 now, and I think Junie B has lost her mind of wanting a boyfriend. Then, she begs her mom to go to the mall so she can buy princess clothes to make Warren notice him. She made comments like: &quot;And he was beauty to our eyes...&quot; &quot;What a chunk.&quot; and &quot;...I think I'd like him as my new boyfriend.&quot; She said she needed to &quot;move on in her life&quot;, which I thought was silly. OK, so she learned you shouldn't make friends by buying fancy stuff to make him or her like you, but Junie B needs to quit thinking about boys and more about her English
Why bother with a history book that is fabricated?. This book should be removed from press; not because of a "gun stance", but because it has been shown to be a completely inaccurate record with fabricated data.If you want to read on the firearms controversy in the US, there are plenty of HONEST books from each side.  Make your decision based on actual information, not the writer's imagination.  Bellesiles won early acclaim for his work mainly from reviewers living in the northeast US where there is greater support for gun control.  I suspect nobody checked on the validity of his work because it came to the conclusions they supported.The accuracy of a HISTORY text should never be judged based on the political leanings of the reviewer.   Bellesiles went into this work with his mind made up, and fabricated data to fit that viewpoint; I'm sure writers on the other side of the debate have done the same thing, but I've not read their books so I can't tell you the titles.In any case, both are wrong.Don't waste your time on this book.  If you want facts on the firearms controversy, read some other books.  If you want fiction, read Tolkien...it's better written
Could make people feel like animals. Daniels' book provides some great examples of how not to manage, and sure, rewarding and congratulating employees for a job well done is always in order.  However, this book basically propogates classical conditioning in the workplace.  Sure, it probably works for bottom level employees or simple hard labor tasks, however, anyone with a high school education could very well resent the practices presented in this book.I'm reading it for a graduate level course in workplace communication outside of the psychology department, and I think it's important to note that my industrial-organizational psychology professors have completely debunked this book.  Also, the relevant professional, peer-reviewed journals for applied behavior analysis (what this book teaches) primarily deal with handicapped children, such as those with autism, and pizza delivery drivers.  Makes you wonder...
Not as good as &quot;The Collector&quot; and &quot;The Magus&quot; .. John Fowles is a talented writer, and I think that if you end up buying this book, you will not be disappointed. It has some interesting points in  it. Many deep thoughts, some interesting chapters. But, the problem is that  I don't think that the story of &quot;Daniel Martin&quot; is a good one. It  is not fascinating, atleast it didn't raise my interest. At some point I  started to dislike this Daniel Martin.. He seemed boring and dull, just  like any stupid, chauvinistic, self-centered, egoistic middle-aged man you  can see. Maybe there is a point in describing a person like that, but  frankly: I am not very thrilled to read about a man like that, I think I've  met too many &quot;daniel martins&quot; in real life
Getting Worse... I admit I found the left behind series fascinating at the beginning, but I've noticed a steady decline in the quality of writing in the last few installments books, and a slow homogenization of all the "Trib Saints," into a single character. Absent are the somewhat strong individuals from the earlier books. Instead Rayford and Buck are virtually interchangeable (only Buck cries more). Chloe the super-mom who somehow manages to run an international co-op (along with other stay-at-home moms), from a burned-out skyscraper is an irritating sanctimonious pest, worse still is the transformation of Rayford who has become a one-man Rambo. Ben Judah seems to have become a somewhat disturbing cult-like figure of worship for post trib Christians. Are we honestly expected to believe Ben Judah is the only one who can read and interpret Bible prophecy?I used to love these books, but I admit, I am tired of most of the main characters. The characters are all egotistical, self-righteous and sanctimonious. They show no compassion for the sufferers who are taking the mark, and even seem to take a certain glee in baiting Carpathianists and unbelievers.Carpathia himself has become a buffoon. A cartoon villain about as scary as any villain on a Saturday morning cartoon. While I liked the series, the authors were at their best when the Trib force were a 'small group' out to defend Christianity from the anti-christ. In the Mark, they are clearly running the show. Ridiculous.2 Stars.
A mediocre and oversensationalized story. I had to read this book in ninth grade honors English.  I thought the book was one more the more profound wastes of time I had ever expended when I was done.  Now that I'm in college however, I do not despise the book as much.  I still feel that it is of very little value.  Had the author been white and not helped along by Ophra, this work would be largely unnoticed.  It's just another story about how someone had a rough life... with nothing to differentiate it from all of the other books like it.  The reason I have rated it so low is because it seemed to be an agenda setting work.  Maya Angelou is black and has used this book to help push her liberal agenda.  Again - if Maya Angelou was white and was not well liked by Ophra, the book would have flopped.  I would not recommend this at all... especially if you are a conservative.
Student Review. I am a student majoring in Business Administration who recently used this text in an upper-level management course.  The book's writing is utterly superfluous.  Boredom was frequently my sentiment as I weeded through unnecessarily labyrinthine sentences.  The ideas in the book were occasionally interesting, but were usually ideas I had already developed on my own via simple intuition.  Perhaps the most valuable part of the text is the section of case studies.  This closing segment of the book contains many great ideas for student projects.  Overall, this text disappoints me as a studen
Just plain awful. _________________________________________Speaking plainly, this is a wretched book. White's commentary is dull, pretentious and stupefyingly repetitious. The snippets of interviews with astronauts are short, scattershot and basically worthless. The book was inexplicably recommended by Lynn Margulis, which is why I tried it. Avoid, avoid!Truth in reviewing:  I didn't come close to finishing this turkey. Trust me, you don't even want to start it.Sadly,Peter D. Tillman
You Liars...this books stinks!!. This book was poorly written.  The relation between the two stories was minimal.  The story was hard to follow, 'cause I can't read when I fall asleep from boredom.  The descriptions gave me no pictures in my mind, Dr. Hamiska was a big blur, and I only got a picture of the heat, which I honestly don't CARE about.  It was a real page turner...I was eager to finish the book, and get it over with.  I wouldn't have read it if my teacher didn't assign it.  My dog refused to eat the pages I ripped out, and seemed to, much like me, think the book stunk
O Oprah. AS I LAY DYING by William FaulknerI respect what he did, but I read about 15% of this one before I got bored. I don't agree with Oprah that he's difficult. I knew exactly where he was coming from and where he wanted to go. Many relevant themes and he was a damn fine wordsmith. But it's old news to this jaded old redneck. I don't know why. I realize I just dismissed an author who deserved his Pulitzers and his Nobel Prize, in a single short paragraph, but please hold back on the hate mail.--------------------------------------------------------------------------------THE SOUND AND THE FURY by William FaulknerDitto. You hate me, don't you?--------------------------------------------------------------------------------LIGHT IN AUTUMN by William FaulknerDitto. Hoo boy, now you want me dead.
Hopelessly biased. The Competitive Enterprise Institute exists to serve the interests of business.  Their mission is to make money, and the more the merrier, and to hell with the consequences for the future.  Scientists exist to serve the cause of objective truth.  Yes, there are bad scientists, but the vast majority of scientists are now unanimous in saying that global warming is caused by human activities and will have dire results.  I believe the scientists.  And I can perceive global warming happening with my own senses
Good for symptoms, but.... I wasted my money on this book before I read John Sarno, M.D.'s book "Healing Back Pain".  Well, it turns out that Sciatica is clearly part of TMS, which is what I have.  Look up the Sarno book here at amazon, and read the reviews.  The Sarno book has helped hundreds of people be free of both back AND SCIATIC pain.  I am not yet 100% pain free, but I am living an unrestricted, active life without fear.  Don't just treat the symptoms -- read Sarno's book and be cured!!!!
Who cares......... I just finished reading this book, complaining the whole way how I did not like it.  I should have put it down, but I thought it had to get better at some point.  There was too much sex (graphic sometimes)and no substance.  While You Were Gone by Sue Miller was better
a germ of a good novel lurks within... Unlike the other reviewers, this is my first Andrew Greeley novel. I was interested in the concept but disappointed in the novel. Father Greeley writes well and has an exceptionally interesting premise for the story. The conflict between brothers, one a liberal politician and one a conservative priest sounded very promising. Unfortunately the book founders because all the characters are one diminsional. A family too good to be true and seemingly without conflict. A perfect wife and marriage, helpful,and wonderful in laws who never require anything. Duh. The conflict between brothers is presented well but goes nowhere. And the ending is quite unsatisfying and robs us of the resolution of the conflict  between brothers who love one another but fail to communicate and respect each other. I have read Father Greeley's articles and enjoyed them but he would be better served to write fewer novels and spend more time developing living, breathing characters instead of unbelievable stereotypes.
Worthless. Not much substance here, just a collection of 'stories' from other people. Money is best spent elsewhere with an author who has actually done real estate deals, not just collect stories from others.
Not Really Useful for the Users of this Camera. I picked this up based on the reviews here and prior to shooting with the camera. About half of this book contains beginning photography type information. I don't believe the owners of this camera are beginning photographers, and if they are there are better resources than this book. I also found the Nikon D200 user manual to be far more accessible and detailed and considerably more portable than this book. This book is written at too high a level to be useful in the field (and it's too big). It doesn't get deep enough into the menus, providing just a small paragraph overview. When you need to know how to quickly access menus, or discern what the menus allow you to do, the available options, etc., this book fails.I put this directly to the test. I demo'ed the camera for a day. I bought this book one week prior to shooting with the camera. I read the book and I brought it with me the day I shot with the camera. The camera shop also gave me the Nikon manual (right out of the box) to take along. After several tries, I gave up trying to use this book to get anything done and relied entirely on the Nikon D200 manual. It was much quicker, far more productive and smaller.If you're considering buying the D200, this book provides a decent overview, but it is not an acceptable field guide, nor is it an acceptable replacement for the actual manual
Sappy, Sentimental, Poorly Written Dribble. I picked up this book in the hopes that I would find something original, something challenging, something other than the evangelical dribble that passes for "Christian Living" books these days.  Unfortunately, I was sorely disappointed.What I Liked:1.	There really were some challenging ideas in this book.  So often, "biblical womanhood" is portrayed as being all about homemaking, mothering, and hospitality.  It's all about being "against feminism."  While I don't see anything wrong with a balanced view of a woman's role, I do think that it's easy to take these ideas to the extreme.  Stasi Eldredge's book definitely does not fit the mold, at least not in the circles I tend to frequent.  Mrs. Eldredge's ideas are concerned more with the heart.  To her, "godly womanhood" means getting back to our roots as women, to embrace our femininity and use it for God's glory.  Unfortunately, Mrs. Eldredge's ideas about femininity are wrought with their own problems. (See below).  Additionally, Mrs. Eldredge's idea that womanhood and femininity doesn't always look the same between women is very refreshing and something of which I need to be reminded every day.2.	The authors are clear about the God-ordained distinction between the sexes.  In other words, men and women are not the same.3.	The chapters, while lengthy, were quick and easy to read.  Yes, that is a plus when you're running after two children under the age of three.4.	This book was easy to read in pieces.What I Did NOT Like:1.	The Eldredges have a very low view of women.  In their minds, all women are broken, messed up creatures who have spent their lives hurting and looking for someone to build them up and fill in all the holes they experienced growing up.  There is no room for strength, confidence, industry, dignity or any other "Proverbs 31" quality in their economy.  In fact, they mock and ridicule the "Proverbs 31" woman as though hers is an unattainable, impractical, useless standard to which we should strive.  For them, it all boils to whether or not a woman feels she is beautiful (and while they spend an entire chapter developing this idea, I never understood what they meant- beauty on the outside?  Inner beauty? What beauty are they talking about?  Oh, the beauty that is completely corrupted by sin, but made alive and beautiful again by the saving work of Christ?  That beauty?), and whether or not she is being properly "romanced."  In fact, I'm actually nervous about writing a bad review of this book in fear that Stasi will read it and spiral into a depression again.  What if I hit a nerve, dig a deeper wound, remind her of her difficult childhood?  Why not generalize this fear to all women because according to the authors, women are weak, wounded, and helpless.2.	Theologically, this book is a mess.  For example: "Eve was given to the world as the incarnation of a beautiful, captivating God" (pg. 44).  Hello!  That is heresy!  Jesus Christ, ALONE, is the incarnation of God.  I think they must have no clue as to what they are actually saying in that statement.  It would be more appropriate to say that Eve was made in the image of a beautiful, captivating God.  Image and incarnation are not the same thing.  They make this error several times throughout the book.  They suggest that Eve was the "Crown of Creation."  In reality, mankind (women AND men) is the apex, the pinnacle, the crown of creation.  They often refer to Jesus as the "bridegroom" of the Christian woman and that the woman is His bride.  Actually, the Church is the Bride of Christ, and that includes men as well as women.  They refer to Jesus in these sappy, overemotional, and overtly sexual terms when they talk about Him as a "Lover."  Well, were I a man, I would either laugh at this or be very turned off.  Jesus isn't my boyfriend.  He's my God.  He's my Savior.  He's my Lord.  He is the Bridegroom of the Church Universal, but not of individuals.  I could go on, but its late and I'm tired...3.	Frequent and blatant misuse of Scripture.  They take so much of the Bible out of context that its hard to know where to start in pointing it out.  Their use of the Song of Solomon is a frequent offense in this regard.  The book was written as a description of marital love between husband and wife, not between Christ and the Church and certainly NOT between Christ and a woman.  Hosea is another example.  This book was written as prophecy regarding the eventual return of Israel from exile, not as a description of the return of a woman to her "first love".  They often mock the correct interpretation of several passages in Scripture, tossing them aside for their own feminized, overly-sentimental view as well.4.	They have a very low view of Christ.  Essentially, they suggest that He cannot act in our lives unless we let him, unless we "open the door of our hearts" where he stands knocking (yet ANOTHER reference they take completely out of context).  Theirs is a neutered, powerless Christ.  There is nothing said in this book about the beauty He gives us because He is IN US, living HIS LIFE through us.  The reason I need to look to Christ to find this beauty for which I am allegedly seeking affirmation is because the beauty I possess comes from Him.5.	There is an overemphasis on the effect that Satan/demons/spirits can have on the lives of Christians.  I believe this issue stems from their use of the Neil T. Anderson's book The Bondage Breaker, a book that has been widely rebutted due to its unbiblical views of Satan and his relationship to believers.  They attribute common marital and even medical problems to meddlesome spirits when there were completely natural explanations for what they were experiencing.  I'm afraid that people will fail to get to the root of their problems and just "blame Satan" instead of really working through very complex issues (or seeing a doctor for medical issues!).6.	Enough with the movie metaphors already!  I don't want to hear about how I'm like "Cora" in "Last of the Mohicans" or "Rose" in "Titanic."  Tell me about Rachel, Rebekah, Mary, Deborah, Ruth, Phoebe, Dorcas, Mary Magdelene, the nameless women throughout the Bible who acted in faith when God called them out of their normal lives into greatness.  Tell me about those women FIRST and leave the movie metaphors out of it!  Instead of looking to God to learn about us, they point us to our culture and ourselves in order to learn about God.  That's completely backwards!This book is nothing more than really bad pop psychology trying to be passed off as "biblical" truth.  It is sappy, overly sentimental, erroneous, and, in most parts unbiblical.  I had a hard time following any of the points put forward by the authors.  The meat in this book would've made for an interesting article in "Christianity Today" or "Focus on the Family" magazine.  They didn't need a whole book to detail this dribble.  Please don't bother with it.  There are much better books out there about biblical womanhood than this one.
This novel has 'no mystery', 'no suspense' and 'no solving' involved. The Editorial review states that Dr. Key Scarpetta is back to solve the mystery of the death of a reporter. After suffering through the book, though there are two murders of note in the book, I did not see any 'solving' of the murders by Dr. Key Scarpetta. She just had to be "present' and the 'solving' took care of itself.This is the first book that I have read of Patricia Cornwell and will definitely be the last. This is definitely a formulaic book written for hard core fans.
A Sad Yet Soulful Story. I Do not recommend this book because of the characters, the lack of a clear objective and the ending, that left me depressed and unsettled. Joel was one of the characters that bothered me. I didn't like the way he handled the situation when his friend died. The way he waited before telling anyone, and they way he acted angry at his parents and the Zabrinskys for no reason at all bothered me a lot. " `Joel', She said, `are you sure you've told us everything you know?' `About what?' he demanded roughly as if he didn't understand what she meant." Another thing I disliked about the book was, there wasn't a clear plot or objective to the story. After Tony's death, the rest of the book was basically about Joel trying to tell someone about it. I found that very boring. The last thing that left a discontented feeling in my mind was the ending. By the middle of the book, I was very sad, and by the end of the book, that feeling never went away. After Tony's death I found that there was no silver lining, or feel of hope at the end. This left me unhappy. The story just sort of cut off, leaving you sad and a little confused. Those were some key reasons I do not recommend the book On My Honor.
very much lacking in specifics. This book is more of a general overview rather than a step-by-step process on how to become wealthy.  It has some good ideas but lacks any substantive specifics on how to accomplish them.  I get the feeling the book is more of a marketing tool for the author's other products which, by the way, are extremely expensive.  Caveat emptor
Regurgitated PR material from business intelligence companies. First of all, the book's not written by Douglas Rushkoff. He only wrote the foreward.The book doesn't have a lot of useful content. It mostly lists supposed marketing innovations and data mining techniques with large neon graphics (like WIRED magazine circa 1999) and minimal analysis. Its aim seems only to scare you in a conspiratorial tone: you are being watched! your every move is being analyzed!Too bad it accepts the claims of the companies trying to market these surveillance and date mining systems at face value. Without finding out whether they actually work, you are likely just scaring yourself for no reason
Well I Guess There Is Always One In The Crowd... Everyone else seems to adore this book so I guess I have lost my sense of humor because I just don't like this particular version-- at least not for the 3 and under set.My first objection stems from the use of bug spray by the 'old lady' to get rid of the fly.  She is shown sitting on a couch surrounded by cans of depleted insecticide while spraying more in her mouth.  Rather than find this funny, it scared me to think that some child might get a notion to copy this activity.Then second is my objection to boiling a cat and chasing a dog with the same intent.  Now most children wouldn't do this so that's not a problem but I still don't like the idea of introducing this weird concept to my little boy.  (My son asked me if we needed to keep our cat inside and safe from the neighbors - hmmm.)The funny part of all of this is that I don't mind when the old lady just pops the animals down her throat.  Go figure.  In any case, Nadine Westcott is a good story teller and her artwork is clever, but I still have to give this book two stars because of the above reservations.[A `Thought You Should Know' review
Canon reformation fad. Mukherjee is one of the lucky few hand picked by the critics in attempting to reform the classic canon.  In trying to provide a voice to an unrecognised minority - the literary critics have foisted this trash upon us - and the public say "pull the other one."Rather than letting the quality of the writing do the talking Mukherjee infuses her tedious prose with cliched cultural references and overblown reinterpretation.  Leaves the reader feeling quite angry at how an author could be so presumptuous.
not the best~ eniz. I thought that this book was o.k. for the most part, but I really didn't like some parts at all. What really gave the book a bad effect was what LaVaughn finds out about Jody. I think that kind of ruins the book. I was very sure that she was going to talk to Jody, or something, but after she finds out the true thing behind him, I think it was a total waste of writing. I don't really reccommend this book to anyone, it had a nice writing style, but the actual writing wasn't that great
Astonishing this chestnut is still around. The notion that Jesus' values were those of corporate America and his "charisma" of the sort that makes insurance salemen is so laughably a fantasy that I hope the other reviews are meant as jokes. Portraying Jesus as a "booster," a kind of successful Willy Loman, is about as ludicrous as picturing Mother Teresa as a fashion model and Gandhi as a comic book superhero. The Jesus of the New Testament would have observed the conspicuous consumption of corporate America, the cultural gluttony of the Western World, with sadness and disgust.Jesus may be the ultimate Rorschach. We look at him: Nazis see a blue-eyed Aryan beset by Jews and look for somebody to beat up; gays see their lifestyle affirmed in the friendhip with John; chickenhawk warriors somehow see endorsement of the hateful causes they want others to die for; the tenderhearted and compassionate see him surrounded by happy children; feminists see the women by his side; lying hypocrites see... God knows what.The hardest thing for humans to do is to comprehend that their heroes are not just big versions of themselves. A hero should be something to push against, not a self-endorsement. Jesus told the rich to give away their money. He told his followers not to gather up treasures in the world. He said wealth is a burden that will keep the rich out of Heaven. He scourged the moneylenders. He was a freeloader. He is bad for business.Today, as the most affluent country on the planet, we hear the Christian message as unhappily as the young wealthy Hebrew who asked Jesus what he must do to be saved. His answer was NOT "get an MBA." But instead of walking away, we invent new myths of a  Jesus more suitable, one able to see past his silly prejudice against money grubbers, to see that it is possible to be rich and really nice.Barton's book is a bizarre anachronism; a last survivor of the Babbitt years of pious Philistinism and Pharisaic self-approval just before the Depression turned our complacent cultural narcissism upside down. How sad, that it's coming back into fashion. Read Jim Wallis' *God's Politics* for a theology less absorbed with self-justification
Disappointed. I loved Dr. Pert's previous book, The Molecules of Emotion.  I was thrilled to hear this new book was being released and couldn't wait to get a copy.  The title of this book made bold promises, but I was disappointed to find that it failed miserably to deliver.  I expected a book that would outline activities or exercises to practice the art and science of feeling good and finding one's self in the presence of God in a present-moment way.   The book offered neither, but rather, rambled on and on, outlining Ms. Pert's own life's journey in an in-your-face sales-pitch "I got it, you should too" presentation that only flaunted, and failed to ever really teach.Ms. Pert's discussions on dietary health and wholeness were limited and contradictory at best.  If you want real data backed by science in this area, I suggest the writings of Dr. John McDougall (especially the McDougall Plan and The McDougall Program), John Robbins, and particularly T. Colin Campbell's China Study.Little concrete information was really offered in the practice of "feeling good."  If you want practical information and a firm plan that promises results in this area, Dr. Laurel Mellin's The Pathway does more than deliver on such promises.Recovery from trauma was mentioned, but never really addressed in a practical manner.  Dr. Peter A. Levine's Waking the Tiger and Healing Trauma give deep insights and practical attacks for freedom.God was promised in the title, but barely even mentioned in the text of the book, most notably almost as an afterthought in the epilogue.  Practitioners of energy healing arts were given far more press than was God.  If it's God you're seeking, the works of Dan Allender (The Cry of the Soul, To Be Told), John Eldredge (The Sacred Romance, The Journey of Desire, Waking the Dead), Brennan Manning (The Ragamuffin Gospel) and the Scriptures will serve you far, far better in the desire for God.The photograph on the back cover of this book does not appear to be that of someone who is has mastered health and happiness and is living in the presence of God, but rather, that of someone struggling in all of these areas.I wish Dr. Pert well and no harm, but I have to say I'm completely disappointed in this book
I'd throw it away, but then I'd worry that some homeless person might get stuck reading it. I can not describe how painful this book was.  The first quarter of the book goes at the pace of a moderately entertaining tale, but then grinds to a halt as soon as Silas is leashed with the orphan girl.  This book stands out in my memory not just for instilling a loathing of the written word that nearly took my away from literature for the rest of my life, but for the great amount of negative space it left in my brain when I try to recall some of the "excitement" of the drudgery of Silas's everyday life.Truly a GREAT classic to unload on junior high children
Field Guide for Finding Drugs in the Desert. I find it necessary to include the fact that I read this book for class and not from personal interest.Though I agree with previous comments that the book was well written regarding style and grammar, I found reading this book to be a laborious task.  The author subjects himself to an experience with drugs, vomits, does not wake up for several days, and then continues to subject himself to this...repeatedly.If anybody wishes to know what it is like to experience various narcotic trips after a white rabbit and is not inclined to read Alice in Wonderland, this is for you.  The book is basically a series of accounts of one man's experiences with wacky weed and magic mushrooms
Woeful. I have been reading Cornwell for about a decade now and in the 1990's I thought of her as one of the very best of the best writers out there. Her first 5 or 6 novels were tremendous but since then she has slowly tapered off into mediocrity and this book - Trace - represents an all-time low.The thing that got me was the level of the writing, it just seemed so flat and lifeless. I found it repetitive in the first chapter when Scarpetta is saying to herself that "she should have been told....". It just seemed so ordinary, almost as if someone else was writing this book and not a talented novelist like Cornwell.
usless. I was given this book as a gift and found it completely and utterly useless. It's just a book full of words of little instruction. Nothing detailed or specific. No helpfull drawings or pictures.  A total disappointment
Almost harmful. This has to be one of the worst books on any form of Witchcraft I've read in a long time.  It's bad enough the amount of fluff out there supporting Wicca as the only way for modren witches, but this book has too many harmful ideas to be believed or even to be recommended.  Is it a new thing to quote long passages and base a tremendous portion of ones ideas on certain passages and books and not to even give the original authors etc. credit?  Many times, Cabot quotes things or references an idea from somewhere, without ever stating were that somewhere is.  And with as many unfounded claims and ideas that this woman has, one would really like to know where they're coming from.  To not cite, makes me think that she's just creating half this stuff.The ideas, especially at the front half of the book are harmful to many would-be's.  Don't read this book! I got it used and it was still a waste of money.  It's not going to help you with anything, and may even cloud your mind with unfounded ideas, such as women where the sole inventors of language.  Give me a break.Stay away from this book! Even McCoy is better then this dribble.  But what can one expect from a woman who runs around in goth, calling it traditinal witch wear.  I really feel for her family, espcecially her kids
Selling this book is unethical. Badly organized book.  Repetitive text and graphs.  Stretching theories.  Bad analogies.  Hardly provide any useful framework can be used in real life.  Like the auther is sitting in a small dark room and murmuring to himself
Very, very basic. The title says it all. One can do better w/ Appleyard's book
Funny, but mislabeled. It's troubling--I was in a bookstore recently and saw this thing, picked it up, read a few chapters, and had a good chuckle.  It's supposed to be about a young teen in the 'American heartland' who takes on all kinds of issues dominating the headlines.  He points to a left-wing trend in many things, and he's a bit concerned.Unfortunately, the book was misfiled in the 'Current Events' section of the store, and when I tried to point this out, the staff looked at me like I had six heads.It's good to pick up a 'Humor' book now and then.  Just make sure your local bookstore properly files things
A Work Of Fiction. Zionists "collaborating" with Nazis? Notwithstanding Brenner's misleading proposal, there's nothing really shocking or "explosive" here - not if you understand the true nature of this sought "collaboration." What is shocking, however, is Brenner's malevolent and false portrayal of the correspondences between the "Zionists" and the Nazis. Brenner writes about it as though he uncovered the greatest and most shocking secret in history. But to a serious historian, there's nothing really sensational about this. Simply put, it is a subject of very little value - so irrelevant that no respected scholar ever bothered writing an entire book about it. Only the likes of Brenner, a grouchy revisionist, Marxist, and self proclaimed anti-Zionist, would dare create a novelty out of this. And naturally, that's what revisionists do.Note: By "Zionists", Brenner refers to the Stern Gang, also known as the Lehi group. Throughout the group's short lived history, it never saw more than one hundred members and did not reflect the views of mainstream Zionism.Anyhow, this fanciful propaganda book, written by the anti-Zionist himself, contains 51 documents that are supposed to prove his thesis. But the only thing this book proves is that Brenner is in fact the anti-Zionist he claims to be, and not much more. The documents that he presents simply do not fall in place with his arguments. Instead, what we see in these documents is the Lehi group attempting to negotiate with the Nazis. This may seem very strange to some people, but such dealings are not unusual - they occur everyday in virtually every society. For example, law enforcement officers negotiate with hostage takers, drug dealers, and other criminals on a daily basis. Even though both sides make demands and promises to each other, it would be very misleading to say that they are "collaborating," especially if one thinks in terms of a partnership.Brenner's central thesis is based on his belief that the Lehi group (which he refers to as "Zionists") co-acted with the Nazis so that a Jewish state would be created in Palestine, even if that meant a genocide against the Zionists' own people - the Jews. But that's not it. For Brenner, these documents prove to be more than just a negotiation process between the two parties. He portrays it as though it was a committed alliance, in which the Nazis and Zionists in general were working together hand in hand as one unit. Therefore, through Brenner's suggestion, todays Zionists should bare responsibility for the Holocaust and the State of Israel should not be supported.In reality, the Nazis' primary objective was to destroy the Jews in Europe, one way or another - a goal they almost accomplished via "The Final Solution." Had the Zionists "collaborated" with the Nazis in Brenner's terms, the whole purpose of Zionism would have been defeated. A quick overview of history shows us that during the 1930s, the infamous "Jewish Question" was addressed in Nazi-Germany. That is, "what to do with the Jews?" Assimilate them? Segregate them? Or expel them (i.e. send them back to their land of origin, Palestine)? The Lehi group, well aware of Nazi persecution against the Jews, made efforts to persuade the Third Reich to select the third option, and for obvious reasons - so that Jews would escape from Europe's anti-Semitism and ultimately establish a Jewish state in their ancient homeland, where they would be free from persecution. In return, the Lehi group offered to help the Third Reich fight the British forces. It is true that the Nazis contemplated the thought of sending Europes Jews back to Palestine, but that idea was never actualized.After continuously refusing to comply with Lehis requests, the Nazis eventually invented "The Final Solution" and sent six million Jews to their deaths in concentration camps. That's two-thirds of all European Jews, dead. Had the Nazis not been defeated, they would have killed ALL of Europe's Jews. So how could a Jewish state be created if all the Jews are dead? How can a country be built without people?  The fact is, whatever negotiations passed between the two parties was strictly self-beneficial. Read these "documents" for yourself. The Nazis had absolutely no intentions of helping the Jews achieve their true objectives, or vise-versa. However, this former marijuana-smoking hippie believes otherwise.To put things in better perspective, let's observe the following events: In 1933, the Roman Catholic Church signed the infamous concordat with the Nazis. Pope Pius XII even wrote Hitler a letter of congratulations in which he complimented the dictator and assured him that the Vatican entrusts in his leadership. During that era, many catholic clergymen, like Archbishop Orsenigo, Bishop Berning, Bishop Wilhelm Berning, Cardinal Theodor Innitzer, Adolf Bertram, and many others, openly supported the Nazis (even during the war). It is also well documented that after the war, many Catholic churches offered protection to Nazis and even supplied them with passports so that they could escape to South America.Now, although one can rightfully criticize the Vatican for all of the above, including not speaking out against the Nazis and permitting Catholics to practice anti-Semitism for centuries, it would be false to say that the Roman Catholic Church "collaborated" with the Nazis to kill six million Jews. Not even the harshest critics, like, John Cornwell, author of "Hitler's Pope" would make such claims. But as you can see, any anti-Catholic person could easily assemble hundreds and even thousands of documents and contort them as he wishes to convince an uneducated person that the Vatican literally collaborated with the Nazis to exterminate the Jews. The Vatican did "collaborate" to a certain degree with the Nazis in political terms, and so did a tiny radical Zionist group called Lehi - but not the way Brenner wants you to believe.The problem with "new scholars" and revisionists like Brenner is that their research is based primarily on their personal beliefs and political agendas and not on historical evidence. Their beliefs become the main emphasis and actual historical facts become immaterial. Revisionists simply do not have any sensible scholarship principals. An honest historian would never incorporate personal beliefs with facts. Doing so would simply result in creating - as in Brenner's case - a work of fiction.This is a poor book, with a clear anti-Israel agenda targeted for the uneducated.
A prize winner!. If an award were given for the most confused and/or confusing historical work written, Stark's would be a serious contender.  Starting from the bizarre premise that Christianity begat "reason" which begat capitalism, Stark then bludgeons the ghost of Max Weber for failing to see that the Roman Catholic intellectuals and innovators paved the way for progressive economics.  Later scholars have modified Weber's thesis that the diffusion of Protestantism promoted capitalism.  Indeed, the idea was proposed in a short essay and never expanded into a serious thesis.  Weber himself provided many qualifications to the idea.  Why Stark feels the need to flog this partially formulated idea is unclear, but he returns to it several times in this book.  Stark also turns on himself, which makes lively reading - if you can retain your sanity while doing so.That Stark is beating on a straw man is bad enough.  To distort and selectively present historical factors is simply shameful.  He wants to promote Christianity as the world's leading force in "progress", but as he presents his "history" of how the faith promoted "reason", he never truly demonstrates how it underpinned economic development.  With that focus, he can skip over the burnings and imprisonments for innovative thinking - which must surely be essential for "progress" from today's viewpoint.  He can laud the Italian and Lowlands banking establishments without once acknowledging the role played by Jewish moneylenders.  Compelled to mention the Fuggers, the famous banking family, he leaves us wondering whether they are Roman Catholics or Calvinist Protestants.  Merchant classes, emerging tentatively after the dissolution of the Roman Empire, used the available money to gain at least semi-independence from barons and other warrior nobility.  Stark fails to explain how the Church promoted this shift of economic growth and we are left to conclude it occurred in spite of Christianity, not because of it.That he disdainfully dismisses Weber's proposed concept, then abruptly turns and defends it with vigour, is but one aspect of the confusion of Stark's thinking.  It is his description of the rise of capitalist societies that Stark trips over his own thesis most egregiously.  With trade networks in place across Western Europe and the Mediterranean, Spain's incursion into the Western Hemisphere provided a new flush of wealth into Western Europe.  Stark emphatically derides the failure of both Spain and France to use that infusion of precious metals to enlarge their proto-industrial base.  Worse, even when Spain and Portugal had become established in the Western Hemisphere, they failed to utilise the available resources, limiting themselves to resource extraction and extensive agriculture.  That limitation, he continues, extends to modern times.  He cheers the British for adapting superior ships, better conditions for producing peasants, and, of course, the creation of the Industrial Revolution with factories, well-paid workers and an export policy.  When the British system crossed the Atlantic, those advantages were part of the baggage - which was improved as settlement progressed.  He examines the differences in the Spanish and English colonies, and concludes that the Spanish imperium lagged while that of the Anglo-Saxons forged ahead.  And which of these empires was Roman Catholic and which Protestant?Stark's comparison of European Christianity and other societies can only be labelled shameful.  His view of Greek philosophy borders on the ignorant, and his comparison with Eastern concepts with Christianity is specious.  He asserts the Jews had no idea of "progress" when it was the Jews who broke away from cyclical views of history to give us the idea of linear time.  Dismantling the inconsistencies, false statements and irrational judgements in this book would take an inordinate among of space.  Suffice it to say here that it would be safer to give a baby a loaded gun than to let this tosh slip into the hands of a university freshman.  It is clear that the habit of scientists to review each other's journal papers to correct errors and misleading information should be applied to "historical" works [which this is not] as well.  One can only hope that the editor who approved this book for publication is now doing something useful.  [stephen a. haines - Ottawa, Canada
No redeeming features. This is a very bad book. It is poorly written, the characters are caricatures in misery, and it is almost impossible to develop any empathy for them except for the older daughter, who suffers in silence after the devastating, and, to her, mysterious, death of her mother. Her father fails in both his calling to ministry and his responsiblities to protect his daughter. He is so distant that he believes what teachers tells him about his child's behavior, which is a perfectly legitimate childhood grief response, rather than the bad behavior that others choose to label her with indifference to her deep pain and confusion. He fails in his responsibilities to his parishoners by not realizing that he himself is mired in grief and needs a break. I couldn't finish this. It is drivel
So-So. This book is very light for those who are engaged in Science of the Mind or Louise Hay's readings.It doesn't say anything new to what we already know. I wouldn't recommend buying it.
Take critical thinking one step further... ...and use the techniques in this book on the book itself.  Sadly, a book with so much promise falls victim to its own PR machine all too often.  Face it, if you're going to use critical thinking, use it consistently.  If you use it against what you don't like, but cast a blind eye on things you are passionate about, how critical is that, really
Basically written like agitprop. ,,, instead of dispassionate, reasoned argument. Faludi interprets everything, *everything*, as proof of her argument that a "war" has been declared against women. There are no shades of grey, and no counterarguments in Faludi's book. This makes me wonder just how carefully she did her research; assumning she dug deeply enough, did she just disregard anything that didn't tend to support her point of view? I have worked hard to get a JD and an MBA, and if that education has given me only one great lesson, it's that you cannot ignore real contrary evidence (and it's always out there); you might not like it, but you must address it.I'm a woman in my 50s, and I believe that, with friends like Faludi, women don't need enemies. If ever a man described women as inferior to men in terms of capacity for reasoned argument, all he'd need to do to prove his point is refer to Faludi's screed.Faludi's book is geared to the sheep among women and the ignorant among young girls. Academics are bound to eat it up, unfortunately; particularly those poor disenfranchised tenured female professors.
Does NOT seem to apply to teen adoptions. As the father of 3 open adoption teens and a 4th adoption about to be finalized, I find this book could possibly be discouraging to new adoptive families. Perhaps some of the issues the author deals with apply more to younger children, but none of my sons after reading through this book with me have much good to say about it.  The part about birthdays in particular do not seem to ring true with the older children and it appears that the author still has serious issues of her own at the adult stage
words of a war criminal. Clark ordered the use of cluster bombs over civilian areas, used depleted uranium bombs and presided over the terror bombing of cities (bridges, electrical grids, power stations, TV stations, hospitals, etc.). Most people would call him a war criminal. For him to write a book about it is disgusting
Lots of big words and no explanation of what they mean. After seeing all the glowing reviews of this book, I'm beginning to wonder if it's just me. I've only gotten through the first 3 chapters and already I've run into a multitude of terms that are not explained at all. My class uses this book for its text and I have to answer discussion questions about brand-intensive vs. capital intensive, disaggregation and reaggregation (Dictionary.com didn't even have 'reaggregation' in its database), etc. It sure would be nice to include a glossary of terms used. I'm really dreading the rest of this book
NONSENSE. Please do yourself a favor and do not buy this book. It is redundant nonsense. This is the best marketing book I have read in years. Yes that is right, marketing. "My book yaddayaddayadda says this..., my show is about this ..., or my game teaches this..." These two have no intention of helping people other than taking money from them in order to tell them how to peel a banana. If you want financial literacy read books like: Contemporary Financial Management, Finance for Dummies; or, if it is real estate you love: Learn about Appraisal, Real Estate Finance (single and multi-period analysis), and Investment Feasibility. Take their advice and educate yourself by investing in yourself, not in scams.
Disappointed. The summary and review were not helpful at all and misleading.  As a food service professional, I am always looking for new ideas for tablescapes for my banquet facility.  The book was impractical and the centerpieces were uninspiring
Repellent. You really have to wonder how a person like "Dickie Richards" could exist, or why, if he's fictional, anyone would think that a book by such a character would be funny.The title is a lie - the book doesn't teach you how to cheat, and the author repeatedly says he has no friends. I have no idea where they got the "157 classic and crafty tricks" line from.That Penn would put his name on this book is just more evidence that, as a thinker and a writer, he's a pretty good magician
White Guilt. I read Kozol to actually be amused. It saddens me to think that colleges force students to read books like these. Young minds take this at face value. I am a native New Yorker, from Brooklyn. My parents were working class, and we had no extras. What I hate most about Kozol is his obvious white guilt. He never talks about personal responsibility. It is just the city not taking care of the poor and needy. That is the problem with most liberals, they offer opinions, work on the emotions of people, and never offer solutions. When mayor Giuliani wanted welfare workers to work, IE pick up leaves in the park, there was a great outcry-well, when I was in college, I worked cleaning up after horses-just to pay for part of tuition, and I waited tables, ETC. Why should they not work if they are getting a check? He also talks about how the suburbs spent more money per child in the school system-yet he never mentions what those parents in the suburbs spent each year on taxes--There is a lot more I could write, but I would be here all day. Take it from a native New Yorker who worked as a teacher in the South Bronx-he plays on your feelings, but in the end, by portraying poor people as victims he gives people a way to "blame the system," and insults every hardworking person who has improved his or her life
You have to already have a start. Although funny, this book does nothing for the "unknown" person trying to be "famous".  Ms. DeLaCruz started this project of hers already being known.  For the rest of us, I guess we need to become known for something before we can claim our 15 minutes
Nice for Knights. You would be forgiven if this book's subtitle - Profiles of Men of Faith Who Made a Difference - made you think of William Lloyd Garrison, Martin Luther King, Jr. or Mohandas Gandhi. But this book is only about the Roman Catholic men of the Knights of Columbus, or "KofC." Covering the period from the organization's founding in 1882 to the present day, the book profiles 60 men whom the author feels exemplifies the Knights' mission of charity and patriotic values. The reader might be surprised to learn that notables such as Babe Ruth, John Kennedy and Vince Lombardi were in the KofC.Unfortunately, the short profiles are superficial and uneven. JFK and the Babe might have been Knights, but it's hard to see their membership reflected in their work. Side by side with martyrs and presidents are stories of quite modest men. The profiled men earned their place in the book by selling lots of KofC life insurance, having a military job of calling the families of soldiers wounded in Afghanistan and Iraq, or by dying in the World Trade Center collapse on 9/11. Each man, great and small, is shaped into a paragon of virtue and piety.What made the book disappointing is that the backbone of the KofC is made up of humble and ordinary men who make relatively modest contributions to their communities. The book should have ignored the chancery, the Oval Office and the history books to focused on yard sales and Tootsie Roll drives. Telling the stories of these fallible flesh-and-blood men, as opposed to the plastic variety, would have been a better testament to the value of this organization
Not a handbook for parents. This is a very comprehensive book about the general subject of raising bilingual children, based on a number of case studies. I am sure that therefore it would be of great use to anyone studying a linguistic subject in this realm.However as a handbook for parents who want to raise a bilingual child it hardly offers any advise. I have a different native tongue than my wife, who's native language is English. Living in an English speaking country I would like my daughter to learn my (foreign) native language too. What I was looking for is a book with tips and ideas, such as word games, books, etc. to bring a second language playfully and naturally into a toddler's life.If you are looking for such a book too, this is not the one. Although the book may be good for a linguistics student I have to give it a low rating because of its misleading title
Mead's Samoa hoax has been exposed. In the unpaginated `Preface [to the] 1973 Edition', Margaret Mead stresses that her description of Samoan moeurs should be read as applying to conditions at the time of her research.  She finds it needful to `shout' that advice because during her 1971 brief visit to Samoa, `young critics even asked me when am I going to revise this book and look unbelieving and angry when I say that to revise it is impossible'.This is a reference to an abrasive session with students who told her that her description of fa'aSamoa (Samoan custom) was false and insulting.  They were miffed by her styling Samoans `primitives' and her pronouncement that since anthropologists enjoy an `immense superiority', they can `master the fundamental structure' [of primitive society] . . . `in a few months' (p. 8).  In keeping with this arrogance, Samoans attending university were told by their instructors that their experience of fa'aSamoa was not valid evidence against Mead's scientific study.  And, as we've just seen, Mead refused to revise her book even when she knew that it is mistaken in many particulars.For Samoans this patronizing manner was the familiar voice of the papalagi (the colonial power).  Mead's hosts on her field trip, aware that she enjoyed the protection of the Pacific Fleet admiral and Boss of American Samoa, went to great lengths to provide reliable information.  When they learned of what they call her luma fai tele (`shameless defamaton'), they could not comprehend how she could have betrayed their hospitality.  They were also aggrieved that she deceived them about her marital status.  For she accepted the title taupou (ceremonial virgin) although as a married woman she was ineligible.  Then she disgraced the title by carrying on with Aviata, a young man regarded as a rake.While Samoans long knew the mendacity of this book, its correction in academic circles commenced only with the 1983 publication of Derek Freeman's Margaret Mead and Samoa: The Making and Unmaking of an Anthropological Myth (Harvard University Press).  That event shook anthropology to its boots.  Such was Mead's prestige that the popular mind identified her with anthropology.  If her credibility was seriously questioned in respect to the most widely believed anthropological study ever published, the credibility of the profession was at risk.  That is why Freeman was attacked with great ferocity, even by those who agreed with his critique.Freeman's book initiated a reappraisal of Coming of Age in Samoa.  Martin Orans and Freeman have recently published studies of her Samoa investigations based on her field notes.  They confirm that Mead's account of Samoan sexual moeurs is a travesty.  But they go beyond that.  Mead recorded the accounts given by her informants, but by ignoring key facts, twisting others, and inventing still others, she contrived to represent Samoa as a free love duck pond.  She also misrepresented the research she carried out.  She was funded to conduct a study of adolescent girls; and she states that she spent `six months accumulating an intimate and detailed knowledge of all adolescent girls in the community'.  Her field notes tell otherwise. She devoted her time to assembling ethnography; the funded study never got off the ground.  She states that she conducted `all' her interviews with these girls in the Samoan language (`I spoke their language and ate their food').  Orans found however that her information on adolescent girls came from `English-speaking informants using English to communicate'.  He notes that `no conversations in Samoan are recorded in any of the field materials'.  This is consistent with Freeman's finding that the study of adolescent girls was not conducted at all.Mead built her picture of free love by tossing off unsupported one-liners.  The `inept lover is a laughing stock'.  There are `no neurotic pictures, no frigidity' in Samoa.  Masturbation `is a universal habit'.  Homosexual activity is `very prevalent' and is regarded as `simply play'.  `[Samoan] girls' minds were perplexed by no conflicts . . . [to have as] many lovers as possible and then to marry . . . these were uniform and satisfying ambitions'.  The field materials do not show that Mead collected any evidence whatever about masturbation, homosexuality, or incidence of neuroticism and frigidity.  She had but one informant about intimate sexual moeurs--an eighteen year old school teacher.  In 1981 that person told Freeman that he had an affair with Margaret.  Thus Samoa's alleged free love amounts to no more than a loose wife's gullibility to the pillow talk of her teenage lover.  Such is the `science' that made this book famous.Research on Mead's field notes clarifies a feature of this book that has puzzled many readers.  It is the drastic and repeated inconsistency between Mead's descriptions of Samoan vigilance of virginity and punishments of straying girls, and the attribution of a casual attitude toward sexuality.  What we now can see is that Mead patched her free love pillow talk into descriptions given to her by her adult informants.How is that anthropologists for so long were taken in by a popular book?  One part of the answer is that many weren't taken in.  The controversy brought to light numerous statements to this effect.  Thus Weston LaBarre wrote: "When I was a graduate student in anthropology at Yale in the late '30's, Mead's Sex and Temperament came out.  Puzzled that even a big island like New Guinea should have had three tribes waiting to be discovered to prove her point about the non-biological nature of gender, I went to Edward Sapir with my puzzlement.  He said laconically, `She's a pathological liar'.  I was startled as much by what he said, as by the fact that an eminent anthropologist and chairman of a department should say this to a mere graduate student.  But over the years, I have come to believe that this is literally the case."  The next round in the evaluation of Mead's anthropology, we may hope, will collect and critically assess this largely unpublished expert opinion.Hiram CatonEditor, The Samoa Reader: Anthropologists Take Stock.
Boring textbook. I had to buy this book for a class.  It is an extremely boring read and I struggle to keep myself awake while reading it (as does the rest of the class I am told).  It does tell you about Dreamweaver though and I suppose that is its purpose.  One thing that I do not like is the way the author is constantly bashing Internet Explorer and other isp's.  His personal opinions are a real turn-off and unnecessary
It's OK, but his &quot;American&quot; cookbook is better. Though I love his show, this book does not seem to have the outstanding qualities I expect from Jeff Smith.  You would be better advised to purchase his &quot;Frugal Gourmet Cooks American&quot;.  THAT one is a treasure
Lame detective. The premise of the story caught my attention -- a man presumed dead for years, whose wife had already collected a large insurance policy on him, appears to be alive after all.  The problem is that Sue Grafton's fictional detective Kinsey Millhone is too incompetent to solve the case.  How does she resolve her dilemma?  By asking two other perpetrators if they were involved just to satisfy Ms. Milhone's curiosity.  Lame!   And then there is this subplot into Ms. Millhone's personal life that leads to nowhere.  I don't know what "K" or the rest of the alphabet has in store for readers, but I'm not interested in finding out
Lost my time reading it. Im a quite advenced web developer, i bought the book for discipline, you know, one have to read different opinions, but this was a bad time spending to buy it, espect it and reading it.Too much pre-self-appologies and redundant talking at the begining of the book, those 'predictions' about when will be possible to read long texts on line... completely out of place.Writing is disorganized, plenty of drifting away from the subject. I guess that Jakob Nielsen is a grat web developer, he knows many technical things about it, but he should not write books. Or he might take some lessons about "making some text shorter", -if you can say somthing using two words, don't use three. Usability is just about to make things easy to read and understand with minimum effort, this short-lettered, plenty-of-words-pages and plenty of pages book is exactly to learn things you should not do when trying to reach for usability.Im sorry Mr. Nielsen, its dissappointing
Hated it. It seems that people either love it or hate it and  I belong to the latter category.  How did this become a classic???  Having forced myself to read to the end I'm not going to waste anymore time - just read the other 1-star reviews - poor kids forced by their teachers to read this over-rated garbage
a good book to read. The book was interesting to me because the author speaks about life in the Army. Some soldiers got good and bad experience  during their time. The book makes comments about three diferent soldiers
Peck might as well burn us at the stake!. oh my goodness, this book continues the age old ignorance of labeling the mentally ill as possessed...Perhaps it is easier to label patients as evil then to admit that analysis can't help someone with a biological problem...diabetics used to be labeled as 'possessed' before the discovery of insulin, manic-depressives are regulated by lithium, yet Peck would label such a soul, a person seeking help from a medical doctor as 'evil' since obviously Peck can not cure these diseases by 'talk therapy'  - I'm shocked and outraged.  Peck repent!
it's ok..... i love this author. this is the least of my favorites of his books though. i just couldnt read the whole thing. i think it was due to the fact that i was brought up in a southern baptist home and have a bad taste in my mouth from that.... this book reminded me of that time in my life with a lot of the same verbage and talk. it probably is just a person issue, but i love every other book that i have read of Mr. Stevens'!
Absolutely not what was expected... When a book is entitled "Thailand in Pictures", you expect... well... pictures. Lots of them. Especially when it's a book for children. This book doesn't even provide anything like the good scenic pictures of cities or landscapes that text-based travel guides provide, and they usually have only a few pages of illustration. A very poor picture of a mudslide during monsoon season... why would anyone really be interested in seeing that? Maybe if it was engulfing an entire home or something, but this photo just looks like a lump of wet dirt. I bought this because it looked like the closest thing I could find to a pictoral book on Thailand, and returned it the next day. Don't waste your money on it
A Dictionary of Genetics. My opinion can be expressed by a single word: "Frustrating"As a Scientist who does not work within the field of Genetics, most of the terms I have hoped to find in the dictionary, surprisingly, are not defined!! As a single example, "two-hybrid analysis" is not included, in spite of being one of the most frequently used techniques within genetic analysis.Probably, the Dictionary is addressed to readers outside from science.
Not for me. I didn't know why I chose to read this book. Anyway, it was disappointing, really. The book was slow, and it was too long for a story of its type. I mean, I think the book could go on without some of the parts. When I was reading it, I only thought of putting it down because it's making me go crazy. I thought the plot was shallow, but Taylor's self-conflict was even shallower. He kept on blaming himself about his father's death well then it's really his fault! He was a coward. If you don't believe me, go on and read about it... although you might get bored getting to that part because it's towards the end. And I hated it when this stupid conflict got in the way with his relationship with Denise. He was acting really immature! He should have at least thought about Denise but he was too selfish. It really sucked.And yes, I know that this is supposed to be a romance novel... but I kept on looking for that love factor althroughout the book. And what did I find? NOTHING. Oh, what a waste. It's like Sparks tried very hard to make the situations in the story seem romantic but as a reader, it didn't really capture the whole essence of what romantic situations should be like.If it hadn't been for my HRR (Home Reading Report) I wouldn't have finished reading this at all.I guess I'm saying this because I'm not into this genre. Love stories are fine but this one... nah
Too narrow in focus, and dated. If your brick walls are the immigrant generation, do yourself a favor and get a book specializing in that country's research rather than this one.  Despite the 2005 copyright, the majority of the advice would have still held true a decade ago.  And the emphasis on early American record issues is a real minus for those with later arriving ancestors.  Despite the introduction's suggestion, the problem-solving techniques alone weren't worth the lack of examples in my problem areas.However, if you've been working on your genealogy for decades, need a refresher, and are working on your DAR application... you might love this book
Mysteries of Gnostism?. This book is full of "mysteries", or so it lays claim, and that only those who ave this superior knowledge can truely know anything about anything. How absured!We have the Bible that tells all we need to know and it speaks against such apostasy. Let the reader be so warned
Better than a Sleeping Pill. In all of my years of academic reading, I have never come across a book that presents material in a less inspired way.  Torture
I loved this book!. If by "loved" you mean "loathed" and if by "this book" you mean "this piece of garbage."  I would say the characterization comes off as flat, but that would be an insult to flat characterization.  This book has NO characterization.  None.  Nada.  Zilch.  Zero.  You don't give one rip about the characters or their lives.  Ditto for the tepid plot.  Ditto for the awkward, wooden dialogue.  Ugh, it makes me hurt just thinking about it.  I've read bad books before that nonetheless drew me in, affording the opportunity to at least suspend my disbelief even if the story still stunk in the end.  The Sky Is Falling is not one of those novels.  Buy this if you're a writer and need a primer on how NOT to craft your fiction.  Otherwise, steer clear
BURN THE BOOK. This is the worst book in the world. After just finishing Jimmy's last book An Hour Before Daylight i could say that he needs to learn how to write, this book was so un iteresting that i almost burnt it while reading it. I suggest that if you own this book then burn it before finishing this report
ABSOLUTELY AWFUL. This is the worst book I have had the mispleasure of reading. The entire book  has no point; moreover, it describes EVERY painfully tedious detail that the main character enounters. Completely irrelevent minutiae is described ad nauseum and in the end the reader is left without any sense of conclusion or satisfaction, instead asking "what the hell just happened?" There is no other way to describe this book other than ABSOLUTELY AWFUL.Alain Robbe-Grillet, I hope you are reading this: thank you for wasting four hours of my life
Sad. If this book really does cost what it says it does, then the editorial review is less than useless. It's sad. Hey, I understand your stock prices are dropping, but don't start loosing the quality
More proof that Kerry was/is all style and no substance. Only John Kerry would allow a book like this to be printed about himself. John Kerry, the guy who tried to get out of going into the service on a deferrment and when that was denied pulled every lowdown, dirty trick he could come up with including applying for fake Purple Hearts so he could get out early, go home, run a phony anti-war campaign and then run for President.The biggest insult of all was at the DNC back on July, 2004 when Kerry made that phony salute and  said "I'm John Kerry reporting for duty." 34 years earlier, Kerry was singing quite a different tune.  More like "I'm John Kerry trying to get out of the service on a deferrment." OR "I'm John Kerry trying to rack up phony Purple Hearts from self inflicted and minor scrapes so I can get the heck out of here and go home."As if Kerry's military background was not a myth, we now all know that his supposed academic prowess was also a myth. While Kerry claimed to be an A student, in fact he was a D student. And that great speech that he made in 1971, supposedly prepared by Kerry in the wee morning hours with little preparation was in fact written for him by Robert Kennedy's speechwriter who had been coaching Kerry for months. But why be surprised? Has Kerry ever told us the truth about anything? Answer: No!What happened to that big draft Kerry said was coming for sure in January 2005? And how about those reduced social security benefits for our seniors that republicans were supposed to  install according to inside information that Kerry had? Looks like the only draft is between Kerry's ears and just last week our seniors got the second biggest raise on their social security benefits since Bush I was president and raised benefits back in 1991.So is Kerry misinformed or just a flat out liar? Check out the heroic military image that he created for himself. Does that tell you something? It's not rocket science.
Don't!. Possibly the worst book I have ever read.  The "style" could be bested by a not-too-bright fifth grader.  The plot is an imbecilic rehash of the Divinci Code.  Don't bother keeping track of any details, because everything turns out to be irrelevant.  If you want to entertain yourself and your friends, however, check this out of your local library and get mildly drunk.  Now open the book at random and read aloud.  This should cause hysterical I-can't-believe-this-got-published laughter.
A little disapointing. the first 50 pages are good and explore interesting philosophical concepts, based upon Robert Ringer's life. The rest of the book is frankly mediocre. We do live in a different world indeed, and its seems that the "turtoise" has a hard time dealing with it
Myth Buster? or Historical Misinterpreter?. DiLorenzo's poorly-written "history" novel is little more than a regurtitation of Mises' and Hayeck's economic theory, unartfully paired with a selection of historical facts, perverted into poor and nauseatingly repetitive conclusions. DiLorenzo's inability to craft English sentences with a subject and object is not quite as disturbing as his inability to preserve historical integrity. He has presented no "myth busters" to anyone who has read an American historical text in the past decade. I am a capitalist, and for the most part agree with DiLorenzo's standpoint. However, he could have made a legitimate argument without making sensationalist, exaggerated (and often flat out incorrect) claims. Any two-hundred-fifty page novel that could be condensensed into a fifteen page essay isn't worth your $26 bucks.
Really wanted to like it, but... I ordered this book based on a laudatory article in the Washington Post as well as good reviews on Amazon.  I was disappointed; the first 100 pages don't seem to go anywhere important.  They were more like an extended red herring.  The author does get across the utter bleakness of life- both material and intellectual- in North Korea.  I think you have to be really interested in Korean affairs to get through the book.
Read if you must. Reading this book, I find that the author's ego interferes often with the documentation of how America went from Haute cuisine to the modern "American" restaurant.  One particular passage paints his mother (a cook) in the same light as Elizabeth David and M.F.K.Fisher, and leaves me wondering why, if she was so enlightened, do I not see her book on the shelf.  Throughout the book, he comes off as an average cook that could no longer take the heat, and left the kitchen to write.With about 30 pages left to go, I cringe each time I reach for the book to attempt to finish it as what the author must perceive as colorful writing becomes more laborious with each page.That said, there is definitely some interesting information, and if you can indeed labor through some of its issues, and weave around the author's bias, you will be somewhat rewarded.  (I especially found some of the La Pavillion information interesting after finishing Jacques Pepin's autobiography.)Bottom line - if you are seriously interested in reading about American gastronomy, this might we worth a look if you can pick a copy up cheap.  I only wish someone with more skill had taken on the project, as it was, in fact, an excellent idea for a book
Please stop repeating yourself. Okay, maybe I am the odd ball, but this author drove me crazy!  He should have made a pamplet instead of a book.  I felt as though it was written by a Amway sales person.  To me, the book read like they were trying to motivate you to go ahead and build your house.  I needed factual information, and I got 90% &quot;You can do it&quot; and 10% &quot;This is the stuff you need&quot;.  If you are two years away from building, you might like it, but I was two weeks away and already had most of the information provided.  I am sending mine back
"...fanning that trigger.". "Gunsligers, snake-eyed varmints, low-down horse rustlers, and lily-livered scumsuckers bit the dust when John Wayne pulled out his six-shooter and started fanning the trigger." (p. 213) Trigger???That sentence should give you an idea of just how jarring, flip and accurate this author is.Three crops are the foundation of modern Europe's (and America's) economic and imperial hedgemony over the rest of the world: spices, sugar and cotton. Cotton is, simply, the genesis of the industrial revolution and the resurrection of American slavery. As such, the subject is incredibly important. Mr. Yafa isn't up to the task.Yes, he's trying to write a popular history rather than a scholarly treatise. But his focus is virtually completely on America. As such is scope is simply too limited.He mentions aniline as the foundation for synthetic indigo dye in passing in a long, rambling aside about blue jeans. Aniline and the coal-tar it's derived from are the cornerstones of modern chemistry, the chemical industry and the modern (early 20th century) German economy. Eh. No biggie.If the guy could write, I'd probably be more forgiving of the book's shortcomings. It is a big subject.Despite the importance of cotton, there aren't very many books extant about its history. Yafa doesn't have the sweep the subject deserves, but you will learn a few things, at least some of the outline of the story
Disappointing. Crudely written. A negative hero deserves better and Wharton has written some fine books. Sadly, not this one.
Pointless and Misleading. If you want to consult the First Folio, get a facsimile.  Freeman's "editions" are not only pointless, they are profoundly misleading: only someone who was completely ignorant about Jacobean book-production could possibly suppose that the vagaries of F1 represent a meticulous adherence to Shakespeare's intentions.  In the matter of lineation, for example, Charlton Hinman long ago showed that compositors would divide their copy into lines to suit their own convenience -- i.e. to take up more or less space as the process of "casting off" required
Rather pointless. This book fails both as a history or analysis of Yugoslav politics or as a critical biography of Tito. The first few chapters, which contain an overly compressed "historical" review of the South Slavs from the Middle Ages to the twentieth century, contain factual, spelling and interpretative errors so obtrusive and atrocious that they are almost laughable. For example, West claims that the leader of the 1573 Croat peasant revolt was "Donja Stubica" - that was actually the name of the village in which it started. He claims that in 1871 the Croat revolutionary Eugen Kvaternik led an "armed assault on the Serbs," when in fact Kvaternik launched a foolishly bold uprising against the Habsburg Monarchy while many of his fellow rebels were themselves Serbs. He persistently misspells the surname of the great Serbian linguist and writer Vuk Karadzic as `Karadjic' - and there are literally dozens of similar mistakes that riddle the entire text. West basically argues that the problems in Yugoslavia are directly tied to historical events and religious schisms that occurred during the Middle Ages, and reduces the wars which ensued after Yugoslavia's collapse to religious conflicts. He also insists that there are no national nor even ethnic differences between the Serbs, Croats or Bosnian Muslims; rather, he says they are all the same ethnic group with three different religions, thus demonstrating his glaring ignorance of the differences between `nation' and `ethnicity,' among other things. He focuses extensive attention and invective, perhaps rightfully, to the WW2 Croatian Ustasha regime and the often scurrilous role of the Croatian Catholic Church during this period. On the other hand, he downplays or denies the much less extensive but often quite brutal crimes of the Serbian Chetniks during the same period - even to the point of making the ludicrous claim that the Serbian Orthodox Church was "never clearly associated with Great Serb nationalism or with the Chetniks." One of the main flaws of this book is that its primary focus is on World War II - the implication being that this period crucially influenced events in the 1990s. This is only true to a certain extent, but oversimplifies and greatly downplays the even more vital 40+ ensuing years. In fact, at times this book rather eerily resembles texts often seen in Croatian and Serbian newspapers during the late 1980s and early 1990s which speak of events from 50, 150 or even 500 years ago as though they happened yesterday. West's ignorance and lack of objectivity also leads him to (rather outrageously) twice refer to the Kosovo Albanians as `Shiptars' - among non-Albanians, this is a racial epithet, not a neutral descriptive term. Tito, the central figure in this book, fares little better. Although West has a nostalgically favorable view of Tito, he offers no new insights into Yugoslavia's long-time president and strongman, only the reworded observations and conclusions from other biographies, memoirs and histories, both favorable and critical. Often he provides details on completely trivial matters from Tito's life, at one point even citing actor Richard Burton's impressions of Tito and his wife. Aside from a few mildly engaging anecdotes taken from his own travels in Yugoslavia, there is little of interest here. Reading West's book is a colossal waste of time; my recommendation is for readers to check it out of a library, peruse the photographs and then go straight to the bibliography to find more worthwhile books to read on Tito, WW2 and the Ustasha terror and the former Yugoslavia in general
Don't judge a book by its titel. What a titel! I expected information about film I haven't heard about, but all I found was a book about underrated, but noneless well-known pictures. Or do you know a person who don't know &quot;The Adventures of Robin  Hood&quot; or &quot;Out of the Past&quot; or &quot;My Darling  Clemtine&quot;? These are classics, man! Everyone interested in movies had  heard about it. So where is the book that keeps the promise this titel  implies
What a Waste!. Tim Piazza and Marty Stuart should have limited their ramblings to an article in Bluegrass Unlimited.  Not enough here to make a book and certainly nothing we haven't heard before...  The book covers the details of a couple of road trips but provides very little else. I was disappointed
Tediuous, repetitive, and altogether poorly written. Sheppard's attempt to capture the "American youth angst" failed miserably. Instead what he created was a novel that felt more like a chore to get through.  I never developed any connection or understanding of the characters.  Each chapter seemed to stumble into the next, with the end as predictable as the next expletive Sheppard was going to use to give his protagonists a hard edge.  You'd do better saving your money, driving to the nearest mall, and find the kid in the Anarchy T-shirt looking sullen, because it appears that is all Sheppard did in this work.  Phew Stinker-rooney!
Note to author: check your equations. I browsed through this book in a bookstore and at first found it quite ambitious and interesting, to the point where I thought I might buy it. But from my cursory overview I suddenly saw it: an error in one of the equations.  Right in the middle of what the author calls the Boltzmann equation (more correctly, it is the Maxwell-Boltzmann equation, since Boltzmann left his name on many other equations) he had left off the minus sign in the Gaussian function part of the equation.  Now, at first glance this does not appear to be a huge mistake.  But it made me wonder how many other errors are in the text.  Also, leaving the minus sign out of a Gaussian function changes the physical meaning of the function completely and should have been spotted by any serious editor.  The other problem I have with this book is that it gets into to much depth too quickly.  In a book this short, there is no way that we should go from Newton's Laws to string theory in less than 50 pages.  The coverage is too superficial.  Is the book intended for laymen or theoretical physicists?  It is too advanced for the former and too basic for the latter.  Anyway, a good idea, but not a great execution of the idea
Not a good choice for your first Virginia Woolf novel. I've never read any of Woolf's novels (or seen The Hours). I recently obtained a copy of Mrs. Dalloway. I was really looking forward to reading something by Virginia Woolf and I really liked the idea of the story taking place over the course of one day. Unfortunately, this was a very tedious and boring day. "Dense" is used in many of these reviews and it is certainly apt. I normally enjoy stream of consciousness, but the writing was extremely meandering and repetetive. At times I felt like I was reading some writing student's homework assignment where the task was to write as many metaphors for one thing as you possibly could. Descriptions were beaten to death. The absence of spacing to differentiate between each character's thought process makes for unnecessary confusion.This has really put me off wanting to read anything else written by Woolf if this is her regular style. Perhaps this was a poor choice as an introductory novel to her works?  All I took away from this novel was the impression that Woolf had a huge obsession with semi-colons
Marxist Clap-trap. This book is nothing but often-discounted left-wing theories. I have to read it for an International Relations course; don't read it unless you  have to
Deserves no stars. Just another of the many books on the market that were written by going to a bookstore and reading everyone else's books for inspiration, then making up the rest of it. Talk about a meme gone wrong. Did this person study with anyone competent? Unlikely. It's so full of bogus information and malarkey. Don't waste your money
Path to deception. Be aware that you are not being enlightened but decieved. The Great deciever is behind this and is spreading the lie. Whatever she is channeling is not telling the truth. There are no other life forms but the deception is very compelling
Cute Title But All Downhill from There. This book is just horrible... anti-marriage and anti-man.  If you're bitter and you want your daughter to grow up the same way, then this is the book for you.  Otherwise, opt for more wholesome entertainment
Ouch!  Worse than Most Paperback Romances. This book proves once again, that you don't necessarily have to be a good writer to make lots of cash and sell huge quantities of books to the mass market.  "True Believer" is an all-star team of cheap, shallow cliches.  There is no plot.  No one really believes anything, and everything is a contrived, superficial mish-mash.  The dialoge has no depth, and when you've had too much dialoge, there's paragraph after paragraph of the main characters, "thinking" to themselves.  Wow, is this bad.  "Message in a Bottle" was a great plot idea, but its been a slow, steady descent since then.  You might have a good laugh at it like I did, but otherwise I was very disappointed.
So-So look at Reagan, lacks depth. The book is just over 200 pages of text, so detail is obviously lacking.  In addition some statements/ideas are repeated verbatim, as if I didn't get the point.  If you are somewhat interested in the 80's or Reagan this is a  decent starting point.  Think of it as the Cliff Notes on Reagan
Leave all hope, ye that enter. I was interested in Dante's thoughts on hell, religion, and the afterlife as taught by the Catholic church at the time of its writing.  What I got was a detailed political history of Medieval Italy.  This book is great for the first few chapters, but then it becomes a repetitive saga.  Synopsis of the each chapter of the Inferno: Go to next layer of hell; describe in 20 words or less the torture found there; make fun of some political opponents, Catholic church officials, and so forth; prepare for further descent.  In my opinion, this book resides somewhere between the 21st and 22nd layers of hell.  Canto three pretty much has it right.... 'Leave all hope, ye that enter
Maybe They'll Make A Movie Out Of It!. To put it simply, Freedom Evolves is a philosophical failure, with as many holes as a Hollywood movie. I give the book one star for effort, for the attempt to get philosophy to the masses, and for pure entertainment purposes. But I subtract four stars because the premise is yet another arrogant attempt by a philosopher to gain a piece of the philosophical pie, one that I feel was eaten a long time ago, with mere crumbs remaining for contemporary thinkers. Dennett does not by any stretch get a crumb for this one.Despite the myriad long-winded and frightened attempts to get around the harsh yet incredibly simple reality and logic of determinism, I have yet to see any valid arguments by any philosopher to even begin to disprove it. I'll go so far as to agree that we perceive an illusion of free will due to the individuality in character of each human being, based upon one's initial genetic programming and thereafter one's environmental programming, but that's as far as it can possibly go. We're still bound by cause and effect, just like every single other thing in the universe, "alive" or not. To think or state otherwise is merely another case of human self-flattery and arrogance, and therefore outright ignorance (or, in Dennett's case, opportunism to boot). The potential proof of parallel universes in physics will still have no bearing on the issue. And evolution, as Dennett attempts it, works more against his arguments than for them.Recommended if you enjoy pop philosophy for clever entertainment only. Otherwise, with all the logical holes in it, you could use the book to strain your spaghetti
Hatchet review. OK but not as good as Touching Spirt Bear. I thought the author just got tired of writng and decided "lets save the kid and end the book". To anyone who has to read the book please note that while the hatchet plays an important role in his survival  there is something even more valuable that Brian has with him
Sadly disappointed. "The Other Boleyn Girl" and "The Queen's Fool" are two of the best books I've ever read--and I've read a LOT of books, especially about this period, which especially fascinates me. They were gripping to the end, and my involvement with the characters was complete--true masterpieces. So whenever a new book by Philippa Gregory comes out, I buy it, hoping to have the same experience, and lately have been sorely disappointed. "The Virgin's Lover" fell flat, and now I am trying to read this book but not finding myself engaged, must give it up. One reviewer suggested the books were being written too quickly--that is always an easy guess, however it depends on the writer. Anthony Trollope, for instance, was able to turn out amazing book after amazing book with incredible speed. That may or may not be the case with Gregory. I know, as a writer myself, that there are times when the work flows out, feeling almost as if it's channeled from another source, and times when it's harder, more mechanical. The more challenging situations are those when I'm not entirely convinced or in love with my subject. So to me, neither of these books feels as if they spring from a natural impulse. They feel forced, constructed. I'm going back to Trollope
A story betrayed by it's author. Maybe at the time it was written I would have reviewed it more favorably. In light of the life Miller led I can't help but to be disappointed by the cheap commericialization of the socialist superiority over capitalist theme that permeates the play. Here Miller creates a character only to destroy that character to point out the ills of capitalism, then Miller spends the rest of his life living an indulgent capitalist life here in the good ole USA: the very capitalist society that was supposedly Willy's oppressor. I think the years have taken the shine off of Miller a bit. I'm sure the Liberal 101 literature professor will disagree
The first hundred pages really work, but then... The Kite Runner gets off to such a good start, with its blend of history, observations about daily life in Kaboul, and a compelling story of two boys growing up together. The second half goes badly astray, as the novel becomes more and more manipulative and sentimental. By the end of the book, the author is willing to put his characters through all sorts of hell just so he can follow up with a teary reconciliation. I wish an editor had convinced him to tighten it up, stay focused, and resist the urge to tug at the heartstrings with such a heavy hand
ok if you don't have many problems. I bought this book at the recommendation of my favorite magazine...Good thing I used a gift certificate and didn't waste my own money.  I gave it 2 stars, but maybe it's worth 2.5 stars-just for the effort. It does have some good ideas, but for the people like me, who love to organize but just don't have the space, it's not that useful. I was expecting more ideas about how to use the space I have. Unfortunately, I usually have better and more creative ideas than the author. Another major "-" is that the book talks a lot about throwing stuff away; well, what I have to say to that is that I periodically do that anyway, and I still am space challenged. That's not the solution to every problem
Don't be Misled by the Hype!. I purchased this book a couple of months ago. Needless to say, I am deeply disappointed with Steed's approach. I found his methods of modeling to be cumbersome to say the least. It seems as if the book has not been updated since the first edition to reflect the many changes now available in 3ds Max 6 or 7 (I don't mention 8 because the book was written BEFORE 8).When I initially dived into the modeling portion I thought everything was fine. Then -- and this is why I rated it so low -- Steed begins to divide/turn edges in Part II / Chapter 4 / Step 5, which is titled "Step 5: Add Vertices by Dividing Edges." I suppose this would not have been so bad if Steed had thought to include COLOR screen shots on the books CD-ROM, but since he neglected to do so it becomes frustrating -- to say the least -- to use Steed's method of refining one's mesh.Considering the fact that the CD-ROM is a whopping 19.5MB, it would have been prudent to include full color reference images. Let me give you some specifics on why I found this book such a bitter waste of TIME and MONEY:* Firstly, let me tell you friends -- it is most frustrating to try to refine one's mesh based on the author's direction when one can hardly see the edges/vertices that are being discussed.* Secondly, there are easier methods to refine a mesh than dividing or turning edges if you have 3ds 5 AT LEAST!* Thirdly, Steed falls flat on his face when explaining the reason for turning edges and which SPECIFIC edges to turn. Suffice it to say, grayscale pictures in a book DO NOT work!* Fourthly, if one cannot get the edge dividing/turning method down, then you'll get stuck because the rest of the modeling tutorials are so heavily based on this method. The only reason I was able to finish the model is because of my familiarity with 3ds Max, Lightwave, and on a more limited basis, Maya.* Fifthly, and lastly (I hope), when one is able to look at tutorials for Lightwave or Maya, as I have done, and model more quickly and effectively in 3ds Max than Steed's method, then the book leaves quite a lot to be desired...I think that's all I will say for now, but let me warn you all -- there are far, far better tutorials available online for free. Don't waste your money on this book unless you plan on using it as fuel for a fire.
Come back later. Even though this is a "popular" version of the theory, with the considerable advantage of being by Einstein himself, it is not so easy as the presentation may imply. Einstein says in his introduction that his reasoning will demand no more than a high-school knowledge. It might be true in his time, but nowadays the book demands a longer study in Physics. I offer myself as an example: I'm a literature student in post-graduation level, and simply couldn't grasp the meaning of many mathematical demonstrations he uses to make his points. His reasoning is also obscure in many passages (what are really those 'galilean coordinates'?). Perhaps these details seem self-evident for professional readers, but they are not for the general public (the implied target of the book). In brief, Einstein didn't succeed completely in his attempt at popularization.
Very, very undergrad. A graduate program had the audacity to use this as a text.  I would say this is a solid community college level text, or perhaps an intro to communications text for a 4 year course.  Most definitely not a graduate course level text.  Don't expect to gain any particularly new insight into communication if your grad school assigns this text, although you could probably expect an easy A
How could anyone take this guy seriously?. I heard the author on the radio recently, and he came off as a total ignoramus. He subscribes to the belief that seems to be popular amongst conservatives these days that any lame-brained crackpot with an axe to grind should be taken seriously when it comes to science. During his interview, he spent most of his time evading the questions directed at him and distancing himself from the inflammatory BS printed all over the dust jacket of his book (of the "this book is the antidote to the evil liberal conspiracy" variety), prompting one of the other guests on the program to ask him if he was at war with his publisher. He apparently supports every looney conservative-backed pseudoscience you can imagine, including AIDS denial, "intelligent design," global warming skepticism, and a misunderstanding of hormesis that seems to equate it with homeopathy. I was not surprised to find that this book was published by Regnery, well known as a factory for right wing garbage.We live in a time when proper understanding of scientific issues has never been more important, and yet our political leaders and the people who vote them into office are woefully uninformed and confused when it comes to science. A book like this only compounds the problem. Bethell and Regnery should be ashamed of putting out deliberate misinformation to turn a quick buck
Inventing the Rest of Our Lives: Women in Second Adulthood. After anticipating the arrival of this book (that I ordered some time before publication after hearing of it), I was disappointed.  Although the subject is timely, the writing style smacks of academia and therefore, will not appeal to the mainstream (reader).  Because I'm tenacious by nature, I finished the book, but found my mind wandering throughout because it simply did not hold my attention.  Too bad - it could have been inspirational
Too Psychologically Deep. This book is very hard to understand.  It seems as though one has to have a little bit of a background in psychology (or at least an understanding of it) to undertand the nomenclature of the book and to understand what is being comunicated.  For the previously mentioned reasons I did not like the book.  I expected it to be reader friendly and very practical(to suggest tips in one's life he/she could actually practice- put to use).  It is not.
Caveat emptor. I was very disappointed with this book. The main problem is the Devanagari script is so small that it is barely legible, especially for a beginner. Strangely, the current edition has hand-written corrections in the margins!  This book must have been quite an improvement on Lanman and Whitney when it  was first published in the 1940s (?), but there are many better Sanskrit  introductions available now, for example Egenes. This book is of no use to  me. I have put it away on a very high shelf
Not much new information when you have read 'Kaizen' already. The book Gemba-Kaizen is somewhat disappointing if you have read the book 'Kaizen' already. It gives not much new information. The only new idea in  the book is the attention given to the 'Gemba', the place where the  processes are performed. Imai is right to stress the importance of the  Gemba for operational excellence and he gives some nice tools and examples  to illustrate the Gemba's importance. However, only one nice idea is  somewhat poor to fill a whole book. The major message of the book can be  told just as well in an articel of no more then 4 pages
crime?. What this book leaves out is that the main cities like Phoenix, Tucson have about the highest crime in the nation
I guess it's the thought that counts.... Catherine Crier and indeed every defense attorney and state district attorney in the country had no doubts that Peterson did it.  Given both the evidence and his odd behavoir trying to flee the country and being caught in the process.  But this book is little more then a retold story of something that was already fully documented by those who took the case to court and won.  Thanks, but no Thanks Ms. Crier
Waste of time. I would have given this no star.  I had never read such a boring book. I got hooked on chick lit because of Sophie Kinsella's books esp. the Shopaholic series and based on the reviews here, I thought I'd give Margolis a try. Zzzzzz...
Not really worth reading. Technically, the book is well-written. Del Vecchio, however, glorifies the war in steroid-fueled adolescent fashion, and actually believes that the torture, rape, and mass murder of over 1 million Vietnamese civilians amounted to a "moral war".He tells a good story, though, and teenagers in love with guns and the macho culture of military violence will enjoy this book. So will adults who think that the lives of Americans are more valuable than anyone elses
not enough !. I understand exchange is a huge application but this book try to cover all the aspect but is does not give enough information,I found this book almost "inutile" when trying to solve my problem with rcp over httpdo not buy !
The Color Purple - A Horrible  Demonstration of  American Literature. Alice walker, sucks.This book was disgusting.THE END
This serie is getting worse each book... I enjoyed the first 3 books of the Women's Murder Club. Didn't like too much the 4th (of July), but the 5th is just BAD ! What's the plot ? There is no plot ! 2 serial-killer stories try to share the pages of this not-such-a-page-turner, the 1st mystery (Car Girls) get solved mid-way throught the book and I bet plenty of readers won't remember it by the end of this painfull read... By trying to develop 2 stories, Patterson gets our interest for none. The most sad thing of all is that I used to like to Women's Murder Club members, but now they all seem so unreal, remote from anything actually likeable. And it's been the case since one of them died and another one joined the club, in the most stupid, artificial way really. Not much to save this book, it's even badly written. Don't know if Patterson thinks about writting a 6th, but don't count on me next time
Muerte : Death in Mexican Popular Culture. Wow, is this book horrible!  Not only are the graphic pictures disgusting, I could handle that if they meant something, but the writing is arbitrary sensationalistic tripe!  Along with the gruesome body count, there's suddenly an exerpt on Michael Jackson!  What this is doing in the book, I have no idea! I bought this book in hopes of gleaning something about Mexican culture, possibly related to their &quot;Day of the Dead&quot; and other honorings of the dead.  Boy, was this book way off base
Don't Buy This Unless You LOVE Photos of Shaolin Monks. Because that's ALL you're going to get. The book's history section contains little information, and the philosophy section is comprised of a single thought, "practice harder." I can't say I find this to be completely bad, in fact I do like the fact that Shi Yanming is so positive, but I like at least a tiny bit of depth.The first half of the book is comprised of stretches that can be detailed in just a few pages, but for the sake of fifty-thousand pics of Shi Yan Ming with his shirt off, it was elongated to around a hundred pages. The stretches are interesting, but in terms of usefulness they are comparable with those found in karate books by Kanazawa, or any of those other authors, who do not waste so many pages on stretching. In The Shoalin Workout, the first lessons, which are intended to be practiced one day at a time, consist of one or two stretches. This is strange because most people who work out, martial arts or not, stretch for a number of minutes using many different stretches before beginning each training session. Here a couple of stretches, like ankle and wrist rotation, can be an entire session.As for when techniques are introduced, the descriptions are just not detailed enough for such intricate movements. The pics are little help, so the fact that Kungfu or any other martial art cannot be learned from a book is still a firmly grounded argument. This book is aimed at older people who have desk jobs and get little exercise, the author himself makes this known in the opening chapters. His target crowd are people who don't do martial arts, or exercise much, so anyone approaching this as a martial artist (or a would-be martial artist) should look elsewhere. This is more of a martial arts derived exercise, although it uses techniques from the real style. While you could learn a few basics of Shaolin Kungfu from the book, these are two few for your money
Shocking to say the least!. Troy Taylor is without doubt an inept writer.  He rambles constantly about unimportant minute details while letting big concepts pass by.  His depiction of the witch varies from page to page.  At times she is nice, and at others she is mean.  However, during reading, the reader gets the impression that Kate is great fun to have around.  At one point, he goes into a complete tangent about Andrew Jackson that is completely unneeded in the story, and this complete history of Jackson was not needed.  Also, this book has little merit as a historical work due to the authors unending bias agains debunkers.  Many of the stories that he presents are postulations on "what people must have thought," and he makes his rather negative opinions of debunkers quite well known.  I will admitt that he did do a good job of presenting the basic parts of the Bell Witch story, but beyond that, he srewed this book up.  Also, for the love of God, he needs to learn to have someone besides a trained chimp to proof read his work.  These are mistakes that a fourth grader could have picked up on.
So Different From What I Expected. I love most of the characters in the series but this book was hard to admire, or even like.  Morvan was so different from the other heros, who were sexy, handsome, loyal, intelligent, and they were men a woman could admire, but Morvan didn't even come close to being in this category.  Nothing wrong with arrogant men, but when that arrogance is due to conceit, and puffed-up self importance, and the belief that one thinks themselves all-important and that one's own wife should grovel at your feet, that man has zero appeal
This was... I had to read this book for a class at University of Milwaukee-Wisconsin, and I will never, ever recommend this... to anyone.  Is he really trying to reach people?  Or just other PhD peoples?  Gimme a break
What First Amendment?. These people are frightening
Candid Discussion - Bad on Entertainment & Hotels. While Lonely Planet Cuba does a good job of discussing the country and its culture in an objective way, its discussion of hotels and entertainment is way off. Prices for hotels listed is correct, but reviews of the property and the surrounding area is terrible. In addition, the discussion of nightlife is ridiculously off - Cuba has very little nightlife!!
Night of Many Dreams. I cannot recommend this novel to any reader.  It had too many aspects of the countless, over-the-top feminist rants that are becoming so tiresome.  It was predictable that one of the few decent men in the story was dispatched toward the end so that the women could resume their life together.  The history, the relationships and the settings were unbelievable.
Spare yourself. This is the only Robert Crais novel I ever read that I didn't like.  I had to push myself to finish it.  It features all the minutia about bank robbing --it's like the author read a book on the subject--  and the least likeable characters he's ever created.Spare yourself the annoyance of reading this and read "The Watchman" instead.
Avoid at all costs. This is by far the worst action/adventure book I have ever read.  I'm surprised that aliens didn't show up at the end to fight against everybody else...  How this book ever got a top review is beyond me.  Please do not waist your tim
WHY IS MY REVIEW NOT BEING PUBLISHED. I SUBMITTED MY REVIEW TWICE! WHY IS IT NOT BEING PUBLISHED? PLEASE REPLY
Save your money... ...if you're truly interested in the subject of public intellectualism.  This is the man who, in &quot;Breaking the Deadlock,&quot; excused the conduct of the Bush king-makers in the Florida executive branch (Katharine Harris and Jeb Bush foremost among them), and argued that the Supremes were justifiable in their disregard for the common law tradition.  He is someone whose mouth is securely fixed to the public teat, and having &quot;affirmed&quot; what he sees as just conduct in the 2000 election - which brought to power the most anti-intellectual, anti-democratic administration in the nation's history - his opinions in any discussion of public discourse are highly suspect
Same old story, no interesting twist!. The good news is that I paid only 50 cents for this book in hardback at a thrift store.  The bad news is that I would have been really upset and disappointed if I had paid $12 for a paperback!  I finished it only because I started it, and it was fairly short. Unfortunately, there is absolutely nothing notable about this book.
No characterization and a confusing plot. I hate to be the only critic, but I feel I must interject here for all the skeptics out there. The reviews for this book must be coming from an extremely specific-and therefore biased beyond belief-group of people. Never fear! I am here to save the day with an (I'm sure) equally biased answer to the opposite side. This book is championed for its elevated action and incredible adventure, but truth be told, I found myself bored throughout the novel, always desiring to skim large portions to get to the "good part" (which never arrived by the way). The novel lacked cohesion and organic unity, and felt disjointed at best. This, however, must be forgiven in a novel of this ilk. After all, we don't expect our fantastic adventure novels to rank among esteemed literature. What can be expected, I think, is a page-turning, voracity-inspiring, un-put-down-able (forgive me for lack of concision but it had to be said) novel and you will not find that here. Perhaps I have high standards, but if the book is poorly written, I at least have the right to demand that it doesn't bore me to a dire degree, right? I believe the main problem is that David Gemmel fails at putting you in touch, emotionally, with the story line and characters. First off, his characterization is non-existent, leaving the characters static and uniform. I get the feeling that he wished to represent characters as human, being neither the extreme of good or evil (an admirable goal), but he failed. Guy Gavriel Kay, for one, champed Gemmel here. In his book, I could not help but be utterly empathetic to both sides of the fight. In Gemmel's novel, I was merely confused by the sudden, and seemingly random, changes in character. If he is attempting to elucidate development, or the double-sided nature of people, he executes it poorly. For example, Kaelin lashes out in the beginning of the novel when a friend dies. Later, however, he is extremely calm in the face of a much closer relative's death. In the mean time, no development, mentally is exclaimed. If he is suddenly wise and accepting of the world, it's deus ex machina style. I truly believe that none of this would be true but for the extreme dearth of characterization. In any case, I felt left out in the metaphorical cold, apathetic to the fate of the characters. My other major complaint is that the way he constructed the plot was bewildering and nonsensical to me. It played out multiple inapropos lines of the story, while leaving the critical prophecy unfulfilled and unexplained. To be fair, this is part of a series I believe, though it is difficult to tell which part as that is not referenced anywhere that I can find. If it is meant to stand alone, it certainly fails. Honestly though, from the most purely analytic point of view possible, the plot was ineptly done and baffling at best. It truly lacked cohesion. This is all not to mention the fact that the dialogue was awkward and the prose mediocre. Succinctly said, I would not recommend reading this book, but don't take my word for it. Many other reviewers seem to praise the concise characterization that I hated
Quick & Easy???. Very disappointed!!  I am a very busy mom who tries very hard to cook healthy & low cal for the whole family.  When I buy a cookbook that claims it's quick & easy, I do not expect the recipes to have an average of 15 to 20 ingredients in them.  I don't know what this author considers quick, but I sure don't think there is anything quick about these recipes!  No pictures either
very basic. this book is very basic,  if you have more than a year's work at a clinic you might be bored.  A good beginner book for Vet Techs who dont have any in clinic experience
History with a flare. I enjoyed this book because of the way she blended history with a good story that keep you readin
Not up to good standard. I was expecting more from Dr. Phil. Though the book is easy to understand, it was too easy to read. Maybe boring at some parts. It did not interest me much that i had to drop it right at the middle.
Wow, how did this ever get published?. This is just a REALLY bad book.  First I blame James Patterson, but I really REALLY blame his editor.  What editor worth his salt would allow this mess to be published?The villains are so grotesque as to be almost cartoon villains.  Just - over the top. The plot line is unbelievable.  Aside from Alex Cross and the two villains, nobody in this book gets more than a few pages before they disappear forever.  Alex Cross spends more time eating meals than using the resources of the FBI to foil the villains.  This is supposed to be one of those "the villains have given us a deadline before they blow up the world" type thriller but - there's no sense of urgency, and the law-enforcement agencies on the case are poorly sketched, and inept (but not deliberately written that way).I could go on and on but it's not worth the words.  This book is REALLY a waste of time.  I can't believe anybody published it
Pleasure reading shouldn't be this painful :-0. I bought this book 2 years ago - almost to the day...I have the receipt stuck in the book...I can only seem to force myself to get to page 50 and then I just can't stomach anymore and I put it down for 2 more years. Maybe this is a piece of art. Something to be treasured and something that should change your life. But pleasure reading shouldn't be this painful. I wish the store would take it back - but I think I've probably had it for too long
Unbiblical and bad writing make for one star. This book is so flawed in every which way, it is hard to know where to begin. First of all, we are living in the end times, and when Jesus comes, that's all she wrote, folks. There's no seven years, no Christians being zapped up, etc. This is our Second Chance on Earth. No tribulation. This book takes figurative visions and tries to apply it literally, and does it poorly. Reading this book made me think that if this was true, then what's the point of trying to be a Christian. Why not just live your life the way you want to, and then when people zap out of thin air, change your life. It's ridiculous and sends the wrong message. Plus, the writing is for second graders with no redeeming characteristics to it. But I really don't think the author's care at this point (seeing how many millions they've made printing lies). My recommendation is to read the bible instead of this series; then you'll get truth and the bible is probably shorter (and much better writing). Man, not even Kirk Cameron could save this train wreck.
Don't waste your time on this book. I have not written the exam yet. Before deciding on which books to use, I read the reviews, and then checked them for validity.I have:--Sybex 70-291 (was given it)-MS Press 70-291-Sybex Mastering Windows Server 2003 (Mark Minasi)-Exam Cram 2 (so as not to get caught out by silly MS tricks!)This Sybex 70-291 is horribly lacking. 40 pages on RRAS and 40 pages on DNS.Are they for real????You need to spend a load of time on studies for this exam... working your way through every aspect and click of this server before thinking of paying your exam fee cash. Understanding what you're doing is key to not looking like a plumb when the boss says, "Hey, set us up a secure VPN quick, Jack!"There's no reason to fail it at all, so don't buy crap books like this one to assist in the failure stats. You have made it this far, so you have the ability to get this down, don't punish yourself by wasting time on something that is filled with verbose gibberish and repetition to fill up white space just so James Chellis and his merry bandits can sell a book. Cover to cover, it's 500 pages of waffle, but regurgitated and put through the machine backwards....whilst Mark Minasi's book is 1750 odd pages of "Forget what you've been told by Granny Sybex's late great grandpa, This is how it really works!"Your choice though..
Needs more work. The plot line simple and at times choppy.Girl in small town.Girl has problems.Nice foriegn vamp (Got to have that french accent) hears her call and comes to the rescue.In addition the character development leaves quite a bit to be desired. It's a nice story if at times a bit hokey (yes I needed to use that word to describe it). I wouldn't recommend it but if you have some spare time, check it out at your local library before commiting to own it.
A real slog. I know H. James is considered one of the "Greats" of American literature and I question my taste for hating most of his writing.  With few exceptions I think he is  a pretentious purveyor of obscurantism.  I read Wings of the Dove many years ago in the days when I would not allow myself to set aside books I did not enjoy.  I recently picked up a collection of his short stories and remembered why I disliked him so much.  Now in my old age I had no pangs of conscience when I happily closed the book before finishing it.  If more of the stories had been like Daisy Miller I would have proceeded further but unfortunately much of the writing reminded me of Wings.  I am currently seeking  relief from Henry's turgid prose by reading Hemingway.  I'd trade in a Henry  for an Ernie any day.  It's also difficult to like Mr. James' snobbish, shallow and unsympathetic characters.  The more sympathetic ones were obscured by his heavy hand and my impatience with his style.
Puff pieces - a real disapointment. I ordered this book hoping that it would indeed be a handbook that would be appropriate for teaching college undergraduates about this exciting approach to problem-solving and capacity-building. With gathering dismay I leafed through the chapters, finding one after another to be merely a collection of breezy comments, written principally by the originator of one or another slightly varying technique, that uncritically promoted the value of that technique. The material appears plucked from a foundation grant proposal. Surprisingly, considering the deep familiarity of the authors with these techniques, the book contains little in the way of actual operational advice. Rather, most of the chapters are unsupported and grandious claims for the utility of each approach, presumably designed to entice the reader to sign a lucrative consulting contract with the author. Folks, this is why we have academic research - to avoid empty and meaningless self-promoting efforts like this one
Scratching my head. The title of this book and the cover are incredibly inviting. We checked it out at the library because my 3-year-old loves the piano. We both found the content and the illustrations, well, boring. That Mozart's dad was a tyrant about the piano is not something I even want to share with my daughter at this point. I want to draw her into music, not give examples of abusive parenting related to music. It's a strange angle for a kid's book. Much of Mozart's music is very child-like and approachable. Too bad the qualities of the music didn't get more 'play' than the production of it
Woeful departure. I have attempted this book several times, it is abysmal. There are many other horrible books I have read and finished (not by Anne Rice), desperately hoping for something redeeming to occur at the end, which rarely ever happens. With Violin, I couldn't force myself to complete it, it was that bad. The most sustained effort I have made got me roughly 150 pages in before I had to put it down and move on. The character rambles and rambles and goes nowhere except to rehash her previous ramblings. I am a huge Anne Rice fan, not just of her vampire books. I have read everything she has published under her own name and loved it. When her descriptions become verbose and poetic, I'm in heaven, I love her ability to paint mundane things in a beautiful light. Her accounting of the family history in The Witching Hour is amazing, especially considering there is no action, just exquisite description. This book had none of that, it was painful to read in the worst way. Shortly after this book was published, I read in the news about how Ms. Rice was a diabetic and had been unaware of this for some time. Her untreated diabetes had caused massive depression and I believe this book is a reflection on the mental anguish she was going through. It is not beautiful, not poetic, and worst of all, not interesting. If you are browsing for a good Anne Rice novel, I beg you, pick anything she has written other than this one.
Guide to Snoresville. Absolutely boring...my students laughed at some of the suggestions.  I just had to return it.  My sixth graders would have done a far better job writing this book than the author.  It wasn't worth the restocking fee either
Very unbalanced. This book has a bunch of interviews, so I would normally expect it to be okay.  But it isn't.  There are twenty-one chapters, and we see interviews with people such as Peter Arnett, Chris Hedges, Juan Cole, and many others.Still, I'd like to focus on the interview with James Bamford, and the praise given for him.  Bamford gets 48 pages, and that's not good.  And I don't see any reasonable people balancing what he says in this book.Bamford has written outrageously afactual and illogical nonsense about the USS Liberty.  So it is no surprise that when in this book, Bamford is asked whether Israel is a touchy subject, he says that it is enormously so.  And he complains that "you can't talk about Israel in the press without somebody going crazy."  Of course, given what he says about Israel, I'm not surprised.  And Bamford himself seems to be one of those who are going crazy.When Bamford gets asked if the reason for all the sensitivity about Israel is that Israel is protecting our interests, he replies "What interests?  They're the cause of all the problems."That comment is, of course garbage.  It is like someone with a fever calling a thermometer the cause of all the problems.  Israel is a small nation that is under attack.  It's not the cause of all the problems in the Middle East.  And since it is not a cause of major problems there, pressuring Israel or destroying Israel will not solve anything.A book that can be so misleading about this topic is tough to trust on anything.  I don't recommend it
Interesting but implausible. An interesting but implausible tale to say the least. The author writes about the existence of stone "platforms" on Cape Breton Island (CBI) that he stumbled across a few years back. Curious, he tries to track down the builders of said platforms with the usual suspects being the French and the English. Going through the existing historical record reveals nothing about who the builders could be.He then makes the jump to the idea that it must have been Chinese explorers/settlers who did the work during the heyday of Ming China's voyages of discovery. (I suspect that those voyages were more about tribute gathering and trade than about discovery.) Anyone familiar with Menzies' book 1421 will know his theory of how the Chinese sent expeditions circling around the globe yet mysteriously somehow missing Europe(!).I'm extremely skeptical about Chiasson's theory that it was the Chinese who built the platforms for a couple of reasons. First of all, there is very little reason that I could see as to why anyone would want to build a settlement on Cape Breton Island unless there was something very valuable there. As Chiasson says, there is coal and there is gold. Unfortunately for the theory, China has lots of coal so it would not be economically viable to transport it all the way back to China from CBI and the gold deposits were not enough to sustain later European ventures. Again, China has closer sources of gold at hand and, even if they were to send out fleets of gold miners, there are closer sources along the way to CBI such as South Africa, West Africa, and Central America.Second, Chiasson's talk of the Chinese using the Gulf Stream to mosey on up the Eastern Seaboard sounds plausible but he also fails to mention that this same current will eventually land you in Ireland and Scotland too!There are also a couple of other bothersome points I'd like to bring up. First, Breton does not refer to the English but to the region of Brittany in France. And, second, the pictures of the Minority Peoples of China that he uses to posit a possible link between China and the local Micmac (sp) tribe is laughable. It's implausible to suppose that such people would be on board important Han Chinese voyages in sufficient numbers to make a cultural difference in a tribe thousands of miles away!Like I said, interesting but implausible. I suspect that only actual archaeological digs will dispel the mystery of the platforms, if any
This book is not modern. I have had the chance to use the book while living in Armenia and unfortunately the book uses words that are not modern and really dates itself.   There were a few words and phrases that will help with basic  communication but all in all this book was not helpful to me. I found that  purchasing books in country much more helpful as they were modernized to  meet the everday needs of life in Armeni
A Two For Effort. This book is written from the viewpoint of a flaming socialist with the attitude that anything white or European or is overly valued in American history textbooks.  Loewen does have many valid points about what history textbooks omit, but the degree to which he is clearly slanted to the left is ludicrous.  "Lies My Teacher Told Me" could have been an amazing book, but all it did was aggrivate me and motivate me to write a 23 page paper debunking half of what the author wrote, much to the dismay of my idiotic Sociology professor.  The only reason I didn't give the book 1 star is because the overall intent and effort put forth were good, but the book as a whole is just far too biased
War Fiction turns Magic Realism, and loses me. I hadn't heard of the book or the author before I picked it.   I read its first few pages andWas hooked.  The main character, Cacciato [how do you pronounce this name?], decides to walk away from the Vietnam war and hike overland to Paris. His platoon follows him.The book describes their adventures.The first quarter of the book contains some of the best combat narrative I have read, it describes the trauma, the randomness, the banality, the irritation of involuntarily living cheek-by-jowl with others.  This part for me flowed along. I was able to suspend disbelief about the fact that they were on a mission to track down one of their comrades who was walking into enemy territory.Without giving the story away, there was a point where they came into contact with the Vietnamese enemy, where I gave up entirely.  The fiction had become magic realism, there was no going back to credibility and I'm afraid I lost the plot.I did however persevere and finish, but I cannot recommend it based on my initial impressions.  The writing overall is excellent, the characters well-documented, but  I cannot follow when the plot doesn't have the pretence of credibility.   I would have liked to have liked this book more.
Mainly for Thatcherites. We need a one-volume history of European Integration, but not this five hundred page panegyric to...Margaret Thatcher?  In Gillingham's funhouse, Thatcher is the key figure in European Integration, receiving more attention than any of the individuals who actually tried to integrate Europe, most of whom are dismissed, often in very personal terms.  European integration indeed disappears from the book sometimes for sixty pages at a time while the author reviews political developments of right-wing governments in...New Zealand?  A very distorted understanding of European integration
Dull and Improbable Fantasy - Nearly a Parody of Mysteries. Unfortunately, I can't give this book - "Zero" or Negative Stars, that is the only reason I would give it 1 Star.  For real mystery lovers, think of the mystery equivalent to "Plan 9 From Outer Space". I listened to this on CD with my wife, and literally had trouble staying awake.  On the CD version, I don't remember anything about the "entertainer" storyline, did they include that on CD?  The whole story is about "FBI agent" Ruth who goes seeking Confederate gold in a cave, bumps her head, and someone is killed in a small town.  Yep that's it - the whole story.  The story line goes from dull to disjointed to ridiculous to eventually outright knee-slapping parody.  It is as though someone was doing a "Mystery Story" for Mad magazine or Saturday Night Live skit - except that the author didn't intend for us to laugh at her story.  The ending is so totally improbable and contrived that I laughed out loud at how absolutely absurd it was.  Perhaps Catherine Coulter could try comedy instead of mysteries
BORING!. no substance, all fluff.  What a waste of 40 minutes!  And, I'm a slow reader
Boring. This is one of the most boring books I have ever read
The beginning of a very mediocre un-Star Wars series. *Some minor spoilers*A review of Betrayal (with a little bit of a review of Bloodlines as well thrown in.)There is nothing wrong with the book itself, it is well written, engaging, and interesting.  Plot lines from previous books are intertwined throughout and there aren't any blaringly obvious inconsistencies with previous books or movies.One very interesting and kind of fun part about this book is the fact that now that all 6 movies are completed, sections of this series really help tie everything together.  Instead of kind of forgetting about the entire period of Darth Vader's demise, this book confronts it and engages the back story.Overall though, this book, and furthermore this series are a HUGE dissapointment.  Easily the most unbelievable plot for any Star Wars series I have read.  The whole time you read this book (and the second one as well) you keep thinking to yourself: "Oh come on, this is ridiculous."  Jacen can't honestly be this stupid.  His motivation for beginning to turn to the dark side is absolutely ridiculous.  As seen in Bloodlines (the second book in the series,) Jacen can "Time Walk" back in time and see how his grandfather Darth Vader made his decisions that led him to the dark side.  Jacen thinks that he can avoid the same mistakes his grandfather did when he just keeps making the same ones and it just feels dumb.  Reading this book (and the second, which is as far as I've gotten in the series) feels like watching the prequel trilogy all over again, just with different characters.  But the same dumb mistakes and stupid decisions throughout the story.The story is also incredibly predictable, as a reader, you know exactly where it's going (because you've seen it all before in the movies.)  It's obvious that at some point Lumiya is going to find out about Tenel Ka and her daughter and Jacen is going to have to confront them.  (I assume this happens in the third book as it's about the Hapes Consortium.)  It's just not very interesting.Another complaint is the relation between Han and Leia and Luke and Mara.  Honestly, would a Jedi leader be dumb enough to ruin his relation ship with his siblings over some ridiculous Corellian dispute.  And why are Han and Leia even supporting Corellia, their involvement seems really out of place and awkward.Can't Star Wars authors come up with more creative and original stories than this?  Instead of rehashing the similar plots to previous series (e.g. the Prequel Trilogy) why can't writers come up with something original?  At least the New Jedi Order was a new, unique idea.  The worst thing about this series is that it is ruining the Star Wars universe that's been created so far in the New Jedi Order and stuff.  All this conflic is just getting ridiculous and books that take place after this seem like they will just be dumb.  We'll see I guess.Overall, I would not suggest this series for a Star Wars fan.  It is ruining the story, bringing back the same old plot that we've already seen, and ruining the well-developed Star Wars universe we already have.
The Fascintating Turned Dull. I agree with the other reviewer that this is an incredibly boring book. It should be a crime to take so many fascinating projects, problems, and people and turn them into endless, dry, droning lists. There IS no narrative to the book. It reads like a Google search on technology...without any of the interest added by being able to check out the links. I bought the book because I heard the author in an interview, and he was very interesting. Too bad none of that comes through in the book
Dynamics of Conflict Resolution: A Practitioner's Guide. I know others have found this a good resource but I found it very dry and tedious to read.  I returned the book
X-Files Fans Of The World, Unite!. Dean Koontz delivers a rocky build-up to the closing scenes in Sole Survivor, but it ultimately stumbles badly on the hocus-pocus of evil government with good science & stock chase scenes pulled from only the worst of B-movies.The main character, Joe Carpenter, is lost in a world without his wife and daughters, who were killed in a mysterious plane crash. But a chance meeting with a woman photographing the gravesite, who briefly tells Carpenter about the crash, leads to a shoot-em-up with the woman nearly being killed by her pursuers.The reader then enters a realm of mediocre sci-fi as Carpenter, a former crime reporter for a major daily newspaper, begins to piece together snippets of clues to find out for himself what happened during the crash and if any of his family actually survived.Family members with loved ones killed in the crash are visited by the mystery woman. Many of the people then become victims, killing themselves in violent ways, but are seemingly at peace while acting on the whim. As Carpenter closes in on revealing the secret, the good versus evil falls into the lap of big government, a big corporation and the mystery woman who knows everything.If Koontz wanted the book to read like a draft for a possible X-Files episode, then he was successful. But even the producers of that once highly successful program would have needed several pens to edit a story that had so much potential, only to fail due to Koontz ultimately plummeting into the world of cliches.
Nostalgic Pretentious Babble. I disliked this book enough to take time to say so. The style of writing is difficult, circuitous, repetitive, and wordy. It is full of generalizations and citations from other authors and is lopsided in its  thesis that all good things come from hunter/gatherers. It is nostalgic  babble about a time long gone, from which we continue to evolve. There is  no going back. No pragmatic solutions are offered for improving our present  day predicaments, such as over population, aggressive behavior and  overcrowding. This book seems to me to be an academic treatise with  sophomoric overtones, trying to sound more profound than it really is. In  all fairness some of the problem may be that the book is a posthumous  publication
Good resource, but only if you want to build his kit. I bought this book thinking it would tell me how to program my own robot, and maybe how to make one from scratch. It just tells you a little bit of the basics, them moves on how to build the robot on his site. But it is an excellent book if you can afford his kit and dont want to move on to anything very advanced
Garbage. At one point in time I considered myself to be LKH greatest fan.  I've been reading her books since junior high school.  I own everybook she's ever written, the entire Anita series, Meredith, Nightseer, Death of a Darklord, Strange Candy etc... I sat and read alot of the comments about her and I decided to add mine.  LKH is seriously slipping.  I mean honestly.  I have never been so dissapointed in my life as when I read her last book.  What happened to the old Anita?  The kick a#@, chick who saved the day and slaughtered the bad guys?  The Anita that mad you wanna drop everything because you just had to find out what was next? LKH's books used to be awesome they were perfect but somewhere she lost it.  As Anita progressed she just became sluttier and sluttier and then on top of that she's falling apart.  I mean Jesus does she have to sleep with everyone in the book?  A little sex is good, but when it completely takes over leaving no room for plot, it becomes ridiculous.  As for LKH and her snooty comments, the sex crazed Anita is not what started her fan base.  The smut she's writing now did not get her where she is today.  Maybe she should remember that.  I strongley recommend that if you want good reading buy her earlier books.  If you must read the new ones, go to the library because they are not worth the money
This book is in tune with men, but not women. This book deserves credit for addressing men's needs for good sex, but is hit and miss for women.A quote from the book:"We men have taken a lot of heat in recent years for our attitudes about sex.  We are told that we are obsessed with sex, expecially sex without love and commitment; that we push too hard for it and in inapproporate ways in both new and old relationships; and that we pout when we don't get what we want.  Such attitudes, we are told, are immature and maybe downritght sick.  But I think the criticisms themselves are wrongheaded and destructive.  Males can't help having their attitiudes, which are probably due at least as much to physiology as to learning.  Sex, afterall is live affirming, and there's no point in feeling bad about that."  End quote.I believe that men have often hurt women (and their relationships with women) to fullfill their sexual urges, but author severely downplays this as if it were uncommon and less harmful than it actually is.The author gives a role-playing example on how to deal with conflict:MAN:  I find myself in a strange place.  I agree with you that it's your body and I shouldn't touch you in ways you don't like.  So I'll do my best not to touch your breast roughly.  But I can't guarantee never to do it.  What feels rough to you comes from a strong feeling of lust.  I'm not sure I can always catch this impluse before I grab you.  I think I can do it most of the time.  But there my still be a few occaisions when I don't catch myself in time.  I may already be squeezing your breast before I remember.  It would help me a lot to know that you're not going to get upset if that happens occasionally.  Maybe you could just remind me of what I'm doing.End quote.In my opinion the woman SHOULD get upset to the degree that it makes her feel violated.  If it does not bother her much, a reminder is all that is needed.  But what if it really does hurt her?Women are very vulnerable during sex, and we need to feel safe. I would feel less safe with a man who read this book.
Between a Wok and a Hard  Place. Tamar Myers has too many sidelines in this book. Too much about too many  other characters and not enough attention paid to the real mystery in  question. I found this book an entanglement of Magdelena's relationships  (good and bad ones) and the history connected with each one. This book was  a downer
A big disappointment. This is a short biographical essay on John XXIII sandwiched between pages and pages of anti-papal screed and pseudo-history.  I have read all of the author's &quot;Hinges of History&quot; series, but will read him no more; Mr. Cahill's bias and cant are a barrier to the necessary trust between author and reader. Here's the book in a nutshell: reforming/liberal popes = good, conservative/traditional popes = bad. I am exaggerating only a little in my encapsulation! The author frequently substitutes assertion for argument, particularly in regard to the current pope, John Paul II. After re-reading the book, I am still unsure what it is that the author dislikes so much about the current pope except that he appears to be holding the line on traditional Catholic teaching.  For all the much-vaunted tolerance of liberal believers, I was shocked by the author's repeated ad hominem attacks upon the character of popes and others who take views not sanctioned by the author.  As for Mr. Cahill's liberal utopia, I suggest that he look at the Episcopal Church in the US for a picture of what the Church will look like if we vote on our doctrine and elect our bishops; I don't think it is an improvement!  This book is a perfect example of the saying that &quot;when orthodoxy becomes optional, orthodoxy will soon be prohibited.&quot;  I have tried but cannot understand those (like the author) who want to belong to an organization with which they completely disagree and then want to make the organization over in their own image. There are plenty of non-hierarchical denominations out there if Mr. Cahill truly wants one. I recommend that you avoid this book or read only that portion of it dealing directly with John XXIII.  A more scholarly alternative from the same perspective without the cant is Eamon Duffy's Saints and Sinners
Lifeless as a scarecrow (and his girlfriend). [Wince.] Noticing that Reilly had been an international bestseller, I bought these audio CDs for a road trip and subsequently found myself embarrassed as I listened to a book that seemed to borrow all its plotlines from G.I. Joe cartoons. Listening to the audio version, I was amazed at Reilly's nerve in magically saving his hero time and again. Reilly even pummels the reader with the same language in the sentences preceding the countless near misses. The hero is about to be squashed, when just at the last second -- his friend uses a magnet to suck him back out of the way. The hero disappears off the cliff, when just before he hits the ground -- he manages to activate a parachute. The hero is about to be decapitated, when just at the last moment -- his friend comes back from the dead to shoot the brains out of his foe.While Reilly no doubt did research to write this book, the flatness of his characters uncovers him as a grownup child still obsessed with battle action cartoons, good vs. evil comic books, action figures, and wham! pow! action scenes, but who never learned to relate emotionally on an adult level. The author himself writes in a book interview that it devastated him to have to cut off the life of his hero's girlfriend, an undeveloped character that's about as flat as my niece's stick figure drawings. As I listened to him talk about it, I felt sorry -- not for his character but for myself. After all, if he had wanted the reader to care, even a little, he could have taken the time to create just one conversation between the hero and his girlfriend
An Apology for the Homeless. &quot;Rachel and Her Children&quot; is an award-winning compilation of the author's conversations with homeless people, highlighting how the downtrodden suffer in the United States at the end of the 20th Century.  Jonathan Kozol pulls no punches in his one-sided indictment of the American way, putting the blame for homelessness squarely on the shoulders of everyone else (Americans with homes, that is, the rest of us).  Although much of what Kozol depicts is heart-rending, I would have welcomed a more balanced presentation of the homeless issue, not only discussing the shortcomings of a political and economic system that makes it difficult for the homeless to overcome their situation, but also indicating that the homeless bear a good deal of personal repsonsibility in their plight (making little to no effort to seek employment, avoiding or sometimes even refusing to accept the albeit limited help offered by government agencies, sinking further into poverty by irresponsibly having children whom they cannot afford to support, etc).  For those of you who want a stronger kick in the pants about the suffering of the poor than that provided by Jonathan Kozol, I suggest reading the essay of another Jonathan (Swift's &quot;A Modest Proposal&quot;)
BEWARE!  NOT WHAT YOU THINK IT IS!!. There has been a book out before this one, by the same publisher, (DIFFERENT AUTHOR!) with the same graphics and cover layout, with the difference that the OTHER book is titled Electronic GADGETS For The Evil Genius.   This one replaces the word GADGETS with CIRCUITS.The OTHER book is a great book, about exactly what the title says, but THIS book is very DECEPTIVE!!THERE ARE NO EVIL CIRCUITS OR PLANS IN THIS BOOK AT ALL!!!All this is, is a high school basic electronics text book, teaching what resistors and transistors are and how they work, written by a high school shop teacher!If, like me, you bought the first book, and thought this one was going to show more evil "mad scientist" like devices to build, you will be VERY DISSAPOINTED!!Apparently, this is going to be a series of books (sort of like the "IDIOT'S GUIDE TO" books and each will be written by a different author.  At the begining of the book, it lists SIX MORE books like this that will be released in 2005.Most people who buy this book, will already know basic electronics and will be buying it to build evil projects.   Yet, this is only a book teaching very basic electronics at a grade school level, and the projects in it are nothing more than connecting LEDs to a switch and battery! (VERY EVIL!)The first half of the book is nothing but introducing you to parts like resistors, LEDs and transistors and their schematic symbols.  The second half gets into things like NAND GATES and OP AMPS.Here are some of the "evil" projects in this book:Running a seven segment LED display.Night Light.Using a speaker as a microphone.Sound Buzzer.and of course, how to connect an LED to a switch and battery.If you are looking for a book on how to build evil projects, then you want the OTHER book.If you know absolutely nothing about electronics, and want to learn the real BASIC stuff, then this book might be interesting to you.   But how DECEPTIVE to use the same cover art and make it appear to be another volume with evil projects like the FIRST book was.If you find this book in a store, be VERY CAREFULL to look for the word GADGETS and not CIRCUITS as they both look almost exactly the same otherwise!They NEVER should have put the phrase "Evil Genius" on this book at all!    Nothing EVIL about it, and any "Genius" already knows everything that is taught in this book!
A modern, western pro-Palestinian Arab Christian-Islamic anti-Jewish nationalist anti-Bible. It is hard to know quite what Whitelam means by 'The silencing of Palestinian history'.He appears to be suggesting that the use of the Hebrew, Jewish bible to reconstruct the history of ancient Palestine was a colonial, western enterprise that has dispossessed modern Palestinian Arab Muslims and Christians of their history.But the latter have regarded their Islamic or Christian traditions as history, historically, which are derived from the Hebrew-Jewish, 2nd or 3rd hand.Only Western, European Christians or Israeli Jews were first motivated to dig for their spiritual or ethnic origins since only they had the sources to motivate them.Palestinian Arab Christians have traditionally seen themselves as descended from the Arabs mentioned in the Book of Acts who heard the disciples' speaking in tongues, Muslims from the Arab conqueror colonists who arrived from the 7th century onwards.Only the Jews believed that they were substantially descended from the Jews or Israelites of old, only they had the desire to seek their ancestral remains in the deepest layers of Palestine.The current notion that Palestinian Arabs are descended from the ancient Canaanites is very recent, and has arrisen only after the encounter between Palestinian Arab Christian or Muslim nationalists with western historiography of ancient Palestine.The Bible may have many flaws, from the standpoint of 21st century historiography, but it is authentically Palestinian.Whitelam's thesis, however, is authentically Western, as is the modern ancient Palestinian Arab Christian or Islamic narrative he either constructs or implies.Western Christians, Zionist or Israeli Jews have not dispossessed Palestinian Arab Muslims or Christians of a narrative history they have never had.On the contrary, it is the contradictions with, or lacunae in the Biblical account, almost exclusively discovered by western Christians or post-Christians, Zionist or Israeli Jews that modern Palestinian Arab Muslims and, to a lesser extent, Christians, have latched onto to create a modern ancient narrative for themselves.To what extent this constitutes an exercise in the kind of objective, scientific historiography that Whitelam advocates, is a moot point. It could be argued that it is primarily an exercise in modern nationalist ancient mythmaking and certainly more western inspired or influenced than the Hebrew bible, since it is primarily the fruit of Palestinian Arab nationalist need and the discipline of modern, revisionist western ancient Palestinian studies.The Bible is the oldest indigenous Palestinian tradition that has survived and is thus a unique witness. It is also the only such, with the possible exception of the Talmud. Not only have the Jews uniquely preserved these, these have formed their identity to the extent of no other group. No one has disputed this for the majority of Christian or Islamic history, including Palestinian Arab history.Whitelam's argument is, I think, very clumsy. Trying to create a modern Palestinian Arab Muslim or Christian ancient history based on, say, the Tel Amarna tablets, or Canaanite artefacts and remains is a highly dubious affair. Until Western Christians or Zionist or Israeli Jews began such excavations, the Bible, and a Greek source, was almost the entirety of knowledge about ancient Canaan.The Bible is still the largest Canaanite (for that is what Hebrew is), and certainly the only Palestinian text tradition that has survived. This, not Tel Amarna, Ras Shamra or Ugarit, has been the source, direct or indirect, of most Palestinian Arabs' information, and narrative, about The Land in antiquity. And the former have almost entirely been recovered by westerners in modern times.Constructing, for modern Palestinian Arab nationalist, anti-Zionist-Israeli purposes, a pro-Palestinian, anti-Zionist Jewish anti-Bible does not constitute historiography -except in the sense that Whitelam himself decries.Moreover, Whitelam also overlooks the fact that the traditional Christian and Islamic narrative, including the Palestinian Arabic, has been that the Jews are a people whom g-d has dispossessed of temple, city and land as a punishment for their sins, specifically the rejection of Jesus and the prophets, by Rome, the original western European empire.These are the Christian and Islamic meta-narratives that have shaped Jewish experience. You cannot castigate Zionist or any other Jews for acting on the basis that the Jews are, essentially, a nation dispossessed, when that is what most Palestinians have believed for most of Palestinian history.It is surprising that Whitelam, a lecturer in Biblical Studies should, apparently, be so ignorant of this. The only one genuinely silencing authentic Palestinian history is he, for he mentions not once what most Palestinian Arab Muslims and Christians have, in fact, believed for most of their history.In fact, the origin of Syria Palaestina, as a province, dates from the suppression of the second Jewish revolt, in 135 CE, when, according to Cassius Dio, 580 000 Jews were slain. Of course, the name `Palestine', as that of `Syria', has been largely unknown to most `Palestinians' until recently, until largely reintroduced into the region by the British or French.'Palestine' has, historically, been almost the exclusive preserve of western or European history or travel writing.Before 1947, those who most commonly designated themselves `Palestinian', were Zionist Jews.The criteria by which Whitelam makes his thesis are most muddled and confused.It is indisputable that archaeology has greatly nuanced the Biblical picture and, in places, apparently contradicted it (but give the sparseness of remains, that is also a dubious assertion). But it was the Bible that it inspired such an undertaking in the first place. It still remains the only source written by ancient Palestinians that tells us who they thought they were and where they came from. It is incomplete as a source, and, in the end, only excavation can tell us how it arose in the first place. But arise, in Palestine, by Palestinians, it did.No modern, thoroughly western pro-Palestinian Arab Christian or Islamic anti-Jewish  nationalist anti-Bible will ever change that.
I'm a Loser=The Real Mark David Chapman Story +Who Cares?. What a waste of space.They should have hung this idiot years ago.Nowhere in the book does it reveal how the CIA programmed and brain-washed Chapman to kill John Lennon.If anything Mark David Chapman was a Christian zealot who only martyrized an aging rock star,ebbing out from the surge of the Religious Right anyway.Lennon refused to surrender his liberal radical chic associations.I have yet to read an accurate story about the senseless assassination of a musical icon.Lennon's shocking death may have been a settling of an old score because of the firing and following suicide of Brian Epstein.Planned by the CIA.-Maybe Ted Koppel could interview Chapman and show him his 'Beatles Wigs' collection?-Peace!Easy.
Uninspired, Formulaic. I really like Elmore Leonard and have enjoyed and respected much of his work.  But when reading this book I felt that Elmore had really mailed it in this time.  The big "surprise" ending comes as no surprise, and the book fizzles rather than sizzles.  In this book, the characters are more like cartoons than people.  All in all, I was disappointed, and was glad when it was over so I could read something better.Just so you know I'm not an Elmore basher, I just finished reading "The Hot Kid" and loved it.
PLEASE JUST WATCH THE MOVIE. At least if you only watch the movie you will save yourself a lot of time, I on the other hand was not so lucky. It is often said that the book is much better than the movie but not in this case. I often found myself saying "Why am I still reading this!" I thought the book would never end. Don't waste your time if you really need to read a novel by the author then pick "A day late a Dollar Short."
Noone ever made me angrier!. A pamphlet would have accomplished what this guy said in the entire book!  I wanted to strangle him!  Repetitive, condescending, overly simplified and so BOOOoorrring!!!  Here is the nuts of it all:  Pick a stable stock with a narrow spread between bid and ask.  Buy 2000 shares and then sell it 1/16 higher right away.  Everything else is simply preamble... over and over and over.  Hope I saved you 20 bucks
Connections getting tired. Burke's "Connections" is an excellent reference source. It aroused a passion within the reader to progress further with this fascinating subject, of how significant events were connected, and how technology devolped from them.The Pinball Effect is a good example of an author, that like Clive Custler, should have stopped writing while they were ahead.A very boring rea
Don't Waste Your Money!!!!. Too bad I bought this book before discovering the author works for the Washington Post. She can't say three sentences in the book without bashing the President.  I doubt the First Lady had anything to do with this lousy piece of trash.  I wish I could get my money back
Those who cannot write prose "write" comics. What a waste. Sacco could reach a much wider audience if he had written essays. But, wait...does he have the talent to write essays? Being "cool & edgy" apparently has more meaning to him than making a legitimate difference in the world, in general, and in the Israeli-Palestinian conflict, specifically. Additionally, he is both biased and sexist in his writing
Terrible. Totally outdated, this work teaches nothing.  Rambling, disorganized and often repetitive, the authors do not know how to write at all.  Totally focused on a few software titles, the Apple platform, and having no information on MIDI for internal sound cards, the book is worthless to current readers
To long to be good... Just before the Big War, Louis Seynaeve is still a boy of eleven years. He grows up in the nunnery in Haarbeke, also known as the Reformatory. Together with his friends Dondeyne, Byttebier and Vlieghe he forms the secret society The Four Apostles. Later their club is reinforced by the new guy Goosens. Their main vocation is to get a hold of 'forbidden books'. One day father and grandfather Seynaeve visit Louis to bring him bad news: Louis' mother fell from the stairs and is taken to the hospital. The truth is that she is pregnant and that any moment now she can give birth to a brother that will upset the easy life Louis was living.Like so many authors who were adolescent during the Second World War, Hugo Claus is gifted with a relentless urge to get in touch with what happened during his youth. The Sorrow of Belgium is clearly the culmination point of war drama in the works of this Belgian author. Claus does not narrate the heroic deeds of the soldiers, but paints a colorful canvas of life under repression. Simple factory workers and storekeepers are trying to make the best out of things, but more often than not they fall into despair and misery. All this makes great prose as seen through the eyes of the child, Louis Seynaeve.But then something strange happens. In the middle of the book Hugo Claus decides to changes style completely. Instead of the steady sequential narrative of the first part, the reader gets a mishmash of impressions. The few storylines that are developed die in a pool of chaos. Suddenly the story stops making sense and starts flirting with utter boredom. It is clear that the main theme is collaboration and the blindness of people under repression, but nowhere is this given any reason of existence between the fragmental, pointless descriptions of the adventures of mostly flat characters.It is incomprehensible why such a potentially great novel was ruined by the desire of Clause to write a novel of more that 700 pages. It would have been great it he had skipped the last 400 pages. A pity
this book deserves  0 stars. this book was crazy and disturbing.  when frightful has to leave, alice and sam go out and find a goshawk because they can't have a falcon.  it was really horrible because the parents of the goshawks were all mad and stuff.  i hate how frightful is trained to do all that stuff and how she wants to obey sam and stuff.  frightful's mountain was a really bad book.  don't read it if you are really in to the animals staying in their natural habitat thing.
OK in quality, but there are better guides. I've read different guides on Japan and Tokyo, do to several trips I made over the years. Even trough there are some Lonely Planets I found really great - especially the earlier ones on China and Southeast Asia - this one seems to have copied a lot from other guide books. I tried hard but didn't find much new and unique information. And there are no walking tours, so you have to do homework before you start exploring. In my view, there are some much better guide
Deceptive packaging. I settled down for a nice read on what I expected to be a good, thoughtful expository writing on the sermon on the mount.  The book dove right in, beginning with the Beatitudes (great), but the waters seemed to be muddied by references to "metaphysics", "scientific Christian thinking", and focus on miraculous healing through some "special" prayer skills (I personally agree that God heals in response to prayer).  By page 30, with references to "reading rooms", I finally (duh) figured out that I was reading a book promoting the denomination and agenda of Christian Science.  I even skipped ahead to familiar but troublesome passages in the Sermon, looking for some insight from Fox.  I found nothing useful or especially insightful.  Now, of course Mr.Fox certainly has every right to publish what he wants, but I felt that his Christian Science message was in this case hidden in the Trojan Horse of a book on the Sermon on the Mount.  It seemed to not be the forthright way to present his position.  Fox is certainly on to something in refuting the dumb old western Christian religious systems, but still misses the mark in my calulation.  Theologcally, I belong to no denomination and am open-minded in the extreme, TO THE EXTENT, that propositions are within the bounds of the canon of Scripture.  I think that what I read in a few dozen pages of Fox does not nearly meet that test.
The most ridiculous book I've ever read. After reading all the good reviews on this book I decided it must be worth reading.  While I agree that there are alot of problems with watching television the arguements he gave were insane.  Half of the book didn't appear to have anything to do with television.  He blames things such as people commiting crimes and mental health problems to watching television.  He also said something about people substituting telelvision light for real, natural light.  He also talks about evolution and, as a christian, I don't buy into that and don't want to read a book that teaches that as a fact.  It's definately a book that I wouldn't recommend to anyone
Boring. There is a reason 1984 and Animal Farm are the famous ones this book is dull. It is the story of a man who first recounts his life before the war and then decides to take some sick leave and visit his old home. Most of the book seems to be devoted to fishing. It is sufficiently cynical but sometimes a plot is nice. Orwell should never use the Hemingway's style. Its not him. I looked all through the book and couldn't find a plot
Don't Believe the Hype. It's sad but true--in more ways than one. Yes it's won awards and rightfully so, but if you only ever read one comic book in your entire life, Maus dosn't have to be it. The story is intense and important--and it's nothing you can't read in Night and the art leaves a lot to be desired. I think people who say they like comics and have only ever read Maus are not unlike people who say they are really in to philosphy and they've only read the Tao of Pooh
give me a break. I'm sorry I wasted the afternoon reading it....was about the worst thing I have ever read in its category.  Would have liked to rate it as NO stars but that is not an option.  Just happened to read it because it has been sitting here for 4 years since my mom died and I took i
Really?. The book starts by proclaiming that neo-classical economics is adequate for explaining the information economy. This claim is not backed up in the book. First, textbook neo-clasical equilibrium theory contains neither money nor 'information'. Second, the book merely discusses qualitatively and nonsystematically ideas like positive feedback and increasing returns that were better presented by Brian Arthur. Third, even asymmetric information is not discussed (Ackerlof and Stiglitz are not even mentioned). Fourth (or zeroth), there is not a single empirical graph in the entire book, and nothing of modern ideas of network theory. So I would say that the book is more or less on the same level as Kelly's (pre-bubble-bust) "New Rules for the New Economy". All of these books implicitly hype the unregulated free market, in the face of both qualitative and empirical evidence that unregulated markets are not only unstable but are detrimental to human health and well-being
Review of &quot;Ten Days that Shook the World.&quot;. Although this book may be so brilliantly written by John Reed, I found it to be too laden with historical details, and even somewhat confusing for someone who is using this book to merely familiarize her (him)self with the makings of the Russian Revolution for the first time.  The book provides with a glossary of Russian terms, events and political parties necessary to understand it but even so I found myself hopelessly stumbling through the chapters trying to pick up information here and there.  However, due to my lack of knowledge of Russian history I was unable to piece together any of the information.  So, in frustration I gave up and relinquished the book to somebody who knows somebody who is a &quot;history buff&quot;.  From this experience I learned that if you want to familiarize yourself with a historical event about which you know truly nothing, it is always better to read a book which describes that event perhaps in a very broad outline form on the first page of the book.  The rest of the book should be written according to that outline. A glossary of main events would also be helpful.  On the other hand I do realize that most historical events are way too complicated to be approached in this manner.  Anyway, if you would like to expand your knowledge about the Russian Revolution, I highly recommend this book.  However, if like me you are looking to merely acquire a basic knowledge about this historical event you will get lost in its too many facts
I couldn't finish it. This book was too long and I just got tired of it all after awhile.  Where is it going?  What can it do for me?  Why am I reading this?  I just got so exhausted with it that I had to give up.  It's 400 pages after all -- 400!   Talk about fatigue
Mediocre at best. This book was the worst in his series so far.Loved the first three books he wrote, although it was already obvious that he was in trouble. He just lost control! GRRM has a good imagination, but lacks an "inner editor".He keeps inventing new subplots and characters, spreading your attention so thin that you essentially stop caring about the story. The story arc is broken.The most laughable thing about GRRM introducing new characters (even minor ones) is when he crams whole background stories in blocks of a few sentences... while quite a few of these minor characters could be omitted altogether. He seems in love with his own imagination, unable to let go. I don't think it's greed... it's incompetence.Oh... and GRRM's recommendation on Robin Hobb's "Assassin's Quest" books: "A diamond in a sea of zircons" is spot-on... his own writing is definitely one of the zircons. Read Robin Hobb instead
Where should I begin.... This book has no astral projection methods, but meditations methods, this is why Robert is keep telling you, this is an OBE.  This is why when Robert Bruce never seen his own body during projection.Robert Bruce has never seen any devine beings, isn't this telling you something.I regret I got this book, there are better book out there.This is waste of money and time
chick lit, oh no. I picked up the audio book from the library, and didn't know by the title and author's name (my first Jance book) that this was chick lit. I don't feel this book was something I would've started had I known. It started real well, and Ms. Jance knows how to reel you in with her writing. Midway it got off track for me when the the protagonist started blogging  about her unfair release as a new anchor, and then about her friend who died of ALS, and then came the long responses to the blogs. It just got sickening to this reader and made it hard to stay with what could've been a decent suspense drama.
wasted opportunity. sensationalist, titiliating, and as a result, a total let-down (much like "heavier than heaven")while Cross's journalistic eye provides some interesting detail re: Jimi's early years, after that, it reads like "Hammer of the Gods" meets the National Inquirier.  just plain silly, and a disservice to the greatest guitar player ever.Cross spends more time examining Jimi's proclivity for groupies and drugs (which, of course, is part of the story...i guess), than the music itself.It would have been nice to know, say:In 1966, preceding acid rock and living in a relatively tame NYC, how did Hendrix come to write the songs that comprised "Are You Experienced"?  how did his playing transcend his predecessors?  how did dylan influence his songwriting?  (we learn Hendrix *did* emulate Dylan's hair.)we don't know.now, if Cross was unable to formulate  answers on his own, then could have easily dialed up a litany of rock critics, musicians, and fans who'd be happy to extrapolate.instead we get only crumbs, which are ultimately overshadowed by second-hand stories from druggies ("jimi didn't like alcohol!", ex-groupies ("jimi wanted to marry me!", and hangers-on ("jimi slept with 8 chicks at once.")it was thorougly exasperating.if you came from Mars and read this, your impression would be that yes, Jimi was messed up and reckless; but you would have no idea he was one of the most influencial artists in the history of the world.  if the book meant to honor Hendrix, it did the opposite.if you want incisive analysis of the *music* itself, simply read Amazon readers' reviews of his records.  The fans themselves -- not an overwrought author -- can encapsulate the power and beauty of Hendrix far better, and far more consisely.
A Political Soliloquy.  Not one useful idea about privacy. Don't waist your money.  From cover to cover Larry Sontag tells about who is watching and how these evil men will use this information against you.  I wouldn't mind that if he gave one useful bit of information on how to avoid the problem.  I would recommend "How To Be Invisible" by J.J. Luna or "Bulletproof Privacy" by Boston T. Party (although it is out of date, he still gives good advice.)  Also "You and the Police" by Boston T. Party is a valuable read
Whole Foods does not = Macrobiotics. Whole Foods does not = Macrobiotics as this author has decided. Whole Foods includes meat, very heartily, as it is a &quot;whole food&quot;. I planned on a book full of recipes including snacks, which are very hard to think of, and was disappointed. The copy is trite and recipes are not very helpful regardless
literary masturbation. I picked up a copy of this pretentious garbage at a library used book sale. I paid one american buck for it, which was about 100 cents too much.It's obvious from the start that Rush is extremely impressed with his massive vocabulary. Probably giggled himself to sleep each night after he finished his writings, imagining all the ignorant folks who would need the same dictionary he used to write it, in order to decipher his blather.I would recommend any of John Steinbeck's novels to any human who plowed his or her way through this dire drivel, simply to clean their mental palate.Dumpster fodder.
Disgraceful. This plebian comptemptuous tifling monstrosity book pushes the imperialist capitalist agenda to no end.  It is a by-the-numbers course in democratic brainwashing
Good Title, Old Information!. The author does a good job of disguising recycled safety information under an intriguing title. The book touches on different safety topics but the author lacks a 'street' mind.I guest when you think of it all books have something good but this one has allot of words saying nothing to try and get the reader to believe they are learning something.This subject has many books written from proven professionals that were SEALS, Cops or Elite Bodyguards. In my law enforcement opinion I would do some more research before I committed to a book like this.Very disappointed to say the least!
guide for focusing on the trivial while ignoring the serious - the laxity that led to Enrons. Pointless, pedantic power-point-speak, Bologna and Shaw offer a mindset that focuses on the dimwit scams that would leave a corporation pennywise and pound foolish.  The text reflects conventional wisdom of the 90s: beware counter-culture stapler thieves, but with enough accountants around you, all is well.  Such wisdom cost investors billions from dot-com bubbles and speculative scams.Their reasoning fails on other grounds as well.  Bologna and Shaw discount the practice of law, rife with lawyers and politicians who "hairsplit" and texts, like the UCC, which they see as outdated.  Of course, their recitation of 1968 Black's Law definitions of crimes suggests that Bologna and Shaw are themselves somewhat out of date outside their field, and a bit dismissive to boot.Which leads to their field: accounting.  The meat of the book reads like a series of 2-hour power point presentations: "Watch out for..." with a handful of notes and negligible application.  The point condenses thus: "To stop fraud, hire accountants."To reach that point, one could sift through unhelpfully prejudicial generalizations like "Theft on the job is largely a counterculture phenomenon." Huh? So look for the long-haired employees when staplers go missing?  And in what sense was Enron culture "counter culture"?Finally, the disingenuous flattery and cloying, typified by statements like "It is truly amazing how ingenious relatively uneducated on-the-job thieves are in circumventing control mechanisms designed by people of much higher intellect..."Bologna and Shaw seek to flatter executives, possibly to advance their consulting prospects, rather than to provide useful advice.   Perhaps a corporate crime investigator is too dense to think through the obvious.Dollars spent chasing dimes - the hallmark of lousy advice
Average photos, disappointing narrative. This book looked promising when I purchased it-the collaboration of a photographer and writer to produce a book that gives "voice" to the cat.  I was disappointed that the reality did not live up to the promise.  The photographs were not outstanding, I have seen better in several similiar collections.  The narrative was truly disappointing.  I felt that Roy Blount Jr really has no understanding of, or true appreciation for, cats.  While he may have lived with cats in the past, and may have fond memories of some of them, the words he gave to the photographs fail to capture the essense of cats in all but one or two instances.I would highly recommend any of the willow creek books (such as "What Cats Teach Us", "Bad Kitties" or "Cat Rules" in place of this book
Unrealistic premise... Joseph Nye keeps repeating himself: multilateralism by global American charm attack. That is simply a stupid assumption. And it is untrue of American history in foreign relations. Nye still owes some answers to European scholars of International Relations who criticized his idea. In fact that is no personal multilateral approach..
The Most Difficult Book in the World. I'm not a literary reviewer or a writer, I'm just a third year Sociology student at the University of Windsor who is being forced to take a statistics course...and forced to use this text. It's bad enough that I have to take the course but, to go and dump on me, probably THE most difficult book in the world to read, is just too much.  The definitions are uncomprehensible, the examples are useless and the explanations are so overly worded you can't even make out what the point is!  On top of all that, the chapters aren't in any type of sensible order and as if all this wasn't enough....the darn thing costs well over $90 (for a book I will never use again!). In sum, the worst possible choice for a statistics course text and a complete waste of money!!
Maybe I Just Don't Get It?. I purchased this book on the recommendation of a woodworking magazine writer I have come to respect.  Though the book is on architecture I can see how many of the principles apply to furniture making as well.  I understand what this author is saying, but sometimes thought that his geometric "hidden" relationships were somewhat stretched.  I think I could probably do the same thing with any building if I looked at it long enough.  It sometimes felt like a real tough read for me (it certainly helped me go to sleep many nights).  Given this book appears out of print and he hefty price I paid for it, I would certainly look elsewhere if you are coming from the same direction I came from on the purchase.  An understanding of the golden ratio, shadow lines and looking at some classic pieces (shaker, federal, etc.) will probably yield equal or better benefit to your own furniture design making.  Though out of my league, I would stretch to say the same exact thing to an architect
How disappointing... I agree with the reader from St. Louis. The design of this book is typical of Burdick, hard to read and disorganized. I was surprised that Brenda Laurel was associated with this in any way
Sacre bleu!. Someone reported all my 3 negative reviews of Daniel Silva books and got them removed! Hmm, I wonder who that could be.I am rather annoyed at this because I spent quite a lot of time detailing why I didn't like one of the books, reasonably, I thought. Apparently, someone had decided that they did not follow the review guidelines. I used no profanities. OK, there were some spoilers, but not more than I usually read in other reviews. Not single worded, no phone numbers, no solicitations, etc. Maybe whoever it was just didn't like my negative review. Well, the last time I checked, the 1st amendment still applies in this country.OK, so let me try to post another review of why I didn't like this book without violating any review guidelines, and I'm not going to spend 30 mins on it like last time.I thought the book was very poorly written and very boring. I struggled through 1/3 of the book but the author could not capture my attention and I decided not to continue to the end. I've read a couple of other Daniel Silva books, but neither one of them could change my mind that he is an author that I don't like. I will not be buying any more of his books
AT YOUR SERVICE. I KEEP READING THE BOOKS ALSO AND I AM TOTALY DISSAPPOINTED TRYING TO GET UP WITH ONE THAT CATCHES MY IMAGINATION. NOTHING.AND THE AUTHORS ARE GREAT BUT THESE STORIES [stink].RATHER NOT TALK ABOUT THEM, TRYING TO FORGET THEM.THE GLORY OF LOVE,TOP SECRET,COURAGE UNDER FIRE (NOT SO BAD)BUT STILL A HARD READ
It works? NO IT DOESN'T!  Goal-setting squeezed onto a pamphlet. I understand the fascination with this 'book.' People want to make changes in their lives, find love, money, family, happiness etc - but people want to do it the cheapest way possible! Come on guys, are you kidding me? What do you actually expect for $5 dollars?This book attempts to show you how to use goal setting to change things in your life, but there are so few pages, each with a tiny amount of information. I have seen one extended review here on amazon by a man called Brad Jenson. The pamphlet isnt much longer!If you want to change your life then you have to INVEST in your future. Two books i have to recommend are 'THE ULTIMATE GUIDE TO COSMIC ORDERING' by Andronicos Andronicou. Its expensive, but its worth it. A really fantastic book that expects you to go 'out there' but trust in it and you will get some amazing results. The other book is 'ASK AND IT IS GIVEN' by Ester and Jerry Hicks. The book will help you to find balance in your life.If you are still wondering if this pamphlet will work for you let me give you a little bit of advice. Go outside, take a 5 dollar bill from your wallet, and set it on fire with a cigarette lighter. You may wonder 'what is the point in that?' my answer is that i just saved you a 2 day wait for an amazon delivery.There is so much better stuff out there, go find what interest you, buy it, and change your life
Not impressed. I purchases this book after reading the other rave reviews.  It does include some interesting words, and I really appreciate the examples of usage in a sentence.  However, for the person who is searching for creative wording, the book does not offer a large selection of choices.  This book might be a nice supplement to a substantive thesaurus like Roget's, but don't expect it to be a great reference.  Personally, I wish I hadn't spent the money
I expected more. Before I started reading "Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance," the book had a lot going for it: stellar reviews on the cover, an intriguing title and its status as one of five or six books found in the meager philosophy section at Walden Books in Pocatello.Unfortunately, despite these advantages, the book failed to deliver anything but ambiguity and disappointment. Don't get me wrong, it wasn't terrible, it just wasn't very good.I'm not sure whether the book is a memoir, a novel or a philosophical treatise. In "Zen" Robert Pirsig tells the story of a motorcycle trip he went on with his son, Chris in the 1970s. But the story, I guess, is not really about the bike trip itself but the thoughts the author has about quality and technology.The only interesting passage of the whole book can be found on page  17:"The Buddha, the Godhead, resides quite as comfortably in the circuits of a computer or the gears of a cycle transmission as he does at the top of a mountain or in the petals of a flower."That passage is good. The rest of the book is depressing and confusing. Throughout the entire motorcycle trip, the author ignores his son and becomes lost in his own head thinking deep thoughts about the definition of "quality."I'm not sure if this book was intended as a novel, but if it was, it failed to produce character growth. It's standing as a work of philosophy is not much better. The author's ideas could have been explained in a 20 page essay and been much clearer.Whatever the book was supposed to be, it didn't impressed me.
watered down. Inventing Money: The Story of Long-Term Capital Management and the Legends Behind It. By Nicholas Dunbar.  Wiley, 248 pages $29.95When Genius Failed: The Rise and Fall of Long-Term Capital Management. By Roger Lowenstein. Random House . 264 pages, $26.95Long Term Credit Management's demise is one of a number of recent high profile collapses involving the world's derivatives markets. Other recent ones include those of Sumitomo's chief copper trader, Yasuo Hamanaka, who lost $1.8 billion during a decade of unauthorized dealing and price manipulation in the copper market; Orange County's $1.7 billion loss on risky, highly leveraged investments on the direction of interest rates; Metallgesellschaft's $900 million loss on crude oil hedges; and, of course the activities of Nicholas Leeson, Baring's infamous Rogue Trader.All of these cases throw forward lessons I use in my Futures and Option classes at Sophia University. Important though they are, the main textbooks remain those written by such Nobel Prize winners as Robert Merton and Myron Scholes. The irony is that both of these geniuses were centrally involved in LTCM's demise. Despite their faux paus, their works remain seminal. They are brainy guys. Unfortunately, brains are not enough. Genius sometimes fails.LTCB was actually very short-term focused. Their assets consisted of a gigantic pile of extremely short-term pieces of paper leveraged to an unimaginable degree. They bought vast amounts of government paper and borrowed even greater amounts to pay for it. When Russia's markets collapsed in 1998, so did LTCM. The bank's complex mathematical bets on discrepancies in values amongst different bonds and derivatives came dramatically unstuck. Its US$7 billion capital base was eroded overnight. Most of LTCM's bets were in credit spreads, particularly European ones in the run-up to European monetary union. Essentially, LTCM held two different instruments - usually Italian, Greek or Danish bonds - and bet that the spread between the rates they offered and their German and American equivalents would narrow.When the Russian government defaulted on its debt, credit spreads in all markets widened suddenly and spectacularly as investors stampeded into the safest of safe havens. Investors fled Italian bonds, Brady bonds and every other relatively risky bond that LTCB depended on for sustenance. Borrowings had put LTCM's total exposure at more than US$100 billion, more than fourteen times its equity base. Most of this money had been sunk in derivatives. As its positions worsened, its daily margin calls bankrupted it. LTCB made the cardinal mistake of not cutting its losses. It threw good money after bad, believing that its fortunes would reverse. They didn't. Unable to meet margin calls, LTCB asked the US Federal Reserve Bank to bail it out. The Fed, afraid that LTCM's collapse might imperil the world's entire system, duly obliged.Because LTCB was comprised of Wall Street's best and brightest, there are lessons galore to be learned here for students and practitioners alike. Unfortunately, these two books do not do full justice to the lessons this case brings out. Lowenstein is a very successful American financial journalist and his book is by far the easier to read. He discusses the main characters involved in the debacle. Unfortunately for him, most of the main players have no real personalities to speak of at all. They are the so-called rocket scientists, the guys and gals with the quantitative expertise necessary to implement the complex strategies LTCM's Nobel Prize winners devised. To do them justice, one also needs a quantitative background. And because Lowenstein lacks this background, his book, though an enjoyable read, is peppered with potentially serious mistakes. And, in the world of derivatives, mistakes can be extremely costly.Dunbar has the quantitative background Lowenstein lacks. However, Dunbar wanders far from this. He discusses such irrelevant things as the role Chicago's grain markets played in America's civil war. He also spends more than half the book explaining how option pricing developed and the key role Scholes and Merton played in that process. Countless other books and articles, including those by Scholes and Merton, do this much better. Dunbar's book should have concentrated more on LTCM's collapse - he spends les than 50 pages on it - and less on America's Civil War.Therefore although Lowenstein's book is stronger on the human side of the LTCM debacle, Dunbar's is more technically correct - even though it has also considerable shortcomings in that regard. If Hollywood had to choose between them, it would choose Lowenstein's book. However, Hollywood aside, neither will notch up significant sales in academia or in business circles. Academics and practitioners will continue to plump for the penmanship of Merton, Scholes and their like. At least they have the theory right, even if they sometimes get the practice wrong with the devastating results LTCM's demise typifies. In the end, the faulty scholarship evident in both books and the faulty strategies propounded by both Nobel Prize winners drive home the old message of caveat emptor, buyer beware.
Disgusting. The only book I've ever read that I tore up and threw in the trash when I was finished. If this passes for an uplifting magical fable then there's something seriously wrong with the world.This is a tragic, sad, grotesque, disturbing tale of a child so traumatized that he has to make up an alternate reality just to cope with the horror of the world. When a child is damaged it is never uplifting, whimsical or funny and anyone who finds it so better take a deep look into themselves and make some changes. This book is sickening. Don't buy it!!! There are no animals only pain and death
Nothing New. I was hoping there would be some new info in this book, but there was none. ZIP!!! I still find it interesting that after running a stop sign and killing an innocent driver, that she still has NO comments. None of her friends think it was "a big deal" - that they all just "moved on."  Moved where? In the State of Washington she would be charged with vehicular homicide. It's a serious charge here. I can't help but wonder had it been Hilary Clinton, what the thoughts would be. Lots of reference to her "sorority sisters" - which was annoying. But in a way it helped me to understand exactly where she came from and why she is the way she is today. Don't buy this book
Everything Old Is New Again. Can you say "sanctimonious hot air", boys and girls?  This author should know better. I only got through the first few pages of this while I was bookstore-browsing one day before I tossed it aside with a roll of my eyes.  Kitwana completely misses the point.  The "loss of a mainstream cultural identity among whites" doesn't turn these kids onto hip-hop.  Nor do today's underclass whites' socioeconomic status (identifying with being a minority) and being raised in more racially-integrated neighborhoods solely make them idolize and mimic rappers.The reason Eminem is the biggest selling rap artist today among white youth is the same reason Elvis and the Beatles were huge in the 50s: APPROPRIATION, black American creativity in the Arts and Music arena is a CASH COW.  We live in a Capitalist society, we worship the Almighty $$$, and any time there's money to be made off of the popularity of some new thing, it is pimped out for all it's worth.  Everything is for sale here and inviting any other theory for this "whites loving what blacks do" argument is akin to spinning your wheels in a ditch. One major support for my opinion is this: blacks had to do much assimilating into the white Anglo-Saxon culture of the U.S. in order to achieve success, wealth, and equal representation of their civil rights under protection of the law.  "Survival of the Fittest" in a social context is common sense - adapt/adopt the ways and habits of the ruling class to raise yourself and your family up, and you will be tolerated (but still not truly welcomed, trusted or appreciated).Black culture, marketed and sold as an image, a lifestyle, to other races is a big moneymaker because interracial love and whites with blacks is still taboo to many (and I daresay MOST) people. All sorts of bizarre, racist lies and jokes are still popular (just not PC) and feed the psychological flames of fear of the unknown. The psychology of racism works both ways - as a tool for fear, hatred and ignorance (the three-headed dragon that never dies) and as an emotional vessel for the expression of exotic sensuality, sexuality and rebellion.  I call it the rape of the African queen, but that may be too harsh for some.From the antebellum period of the 1600s when slavery was constitutionally protected, up until the Civil Rights Movement, whites have always admired, patronized, supported and profited from black art forms, not just Music (Jazz, Bebop, Rock and Roll and the Blues before Rap, all of which have deep roots in Afro-Caribbean culture) but our achievements in the Sciences, in Engineering, Sports, Medicine, Education, Dance, Theatre, and so on.  Even when black American athletes were treated worse than dogs in the street at home, they were sent to Greece in the 40s to participate in the Olympics, because EXCELLENCE cannot be ignored.  It is costly to hold talented black people back, and when they excel, they are considered ASSETS (instead of second-class citizens or property).  But it's still all about money.Americans must have the most short-term memory of any other creature on the planet when it comes to race.  Either that, or they just like living in a dream world.  Books like this one try to convince the reader that there's something going on other than white folks turning a buck off of hard black labor (akin to the slave days).  The fact that now, in today's society, more blacks have education and affluence, have more equality under the law, and can make nearly as much money as "The Man" (lol) doesn't change the reality that CAPITALISM makes it all possible.  It's a conceit there's anything else going on BUT the mass exploitation of race.  There's always been a strong, historical undercurrent of attraction/revulsion of whites toward blacks, this dangerous sexual paradox, and it continues to this very day.  This book should be four pages long, at the most, with a picture of Al Jolson in blackface on a $100 dollar bill. Or, better yet, Eminem, since our TiVo, Xbox, Internet and Ipod generation of profligate youth don't study their own history (unless it's about war or Christianity) and wouldn't know who Jolson is.Even though I don't mean to equate ALL Rap music as Minstrelsy, to a disturbingly large degree, the most anti-social, anti-law, violent and "proudly thuggish" Gangsta Rap is an update on the stereotypical Black Menial, all brute strength and raw sexuality, but no brains.  Gangsta Rap is self-destructive, but it is based on something all men love - the extravagant power of the Mafia.  A dark-skinned millionaire with gold teeth, dressed in a suit and tie (or track-star party clothes !!!), spending all his money on jewelry, cars and mansions, carrying a Glock - this is the updated Black Buck of the 21st century. Like Shaft, dangerous and cool. And we can all appreciate a scary "urban" legend.  Besides, Christian values are full of duality - white/black, good/evil, rich/poor, and this is one way for whites to celebrate that walk on the wild side.  To play with fire but not get burned.So out of a compulsive Liberal-guilt-for-white-privilege complex (which is self-pitying behavior) or a delusion that the differences between whites and blacks no longer matter (which is insulting), many young whites co-opt black styles until they grow tired of it, subvert it, or find a way to exploit it themselves.  I'm just letting you know how this works through a CAPITALIST perspective.  It's just business as usual.  And I guess after my explanation, it still must be said that to most black people, Jewish people are white people, too.  We don't differentiate.The use of the terms "wangsta" and "wigger" are laughable and obnoxious at best, not damaging to any white person's psyche, because they're still white, no matter what music scene they're into. There are sociocultural reasons.  Many whites grow up in mostly black neighborhoods, and like any other group in that environment, many of them learn to take on the appearance and mannerisms of the prevailing ethnic group.  They "talk in ebonics" and throw up gang signs to be ironic... is this odd behavior funny to the rest of us not raised in these environments?  Sure, you bet.  We love to poke fun at people who don't quite fit.  Human nature, I guess.  But this book doesn't even begin to articulate or provide any measures to eradicate the problem of racism or classism.  Classism combined with racism is worse these days.  Rich white kids especially think it's cool that they can somehow "be down" and "get gangsta" with disenfranchised black kids, which is really downplaying the seriousness of the social disparity among blacks and whites, as if the world's just a great big ferris wheel of stupid fun.  Some would say maybe it is and I need a sense of humor.  But tell you what.  Instead of reading this book, read a book by Dr. Cornell West or Tony Brown instead.  Even "Soul On Ice" by Eldridge Cleaver.  Then you'll begin to understand why whites love rap music so much. And why most blacks still mistake flattery for fellowship.
Bad science. I bought this book and his 'Carnitine Miracle' book as well. Now that my cholesterol went up over 100 points in 6 months, I consider his books unreliable and potentially dangerous. Eat a balanced diet, exercise, and  avoid the fads. That's my advice
Ridiculous. I bought this to help with college after being out for 10yrs-almost impossible to install plus it does not allow you to make any adjustments if your professor wants it a certain way. Useless-buy the cheat sheet at barnes and noble
Disappointing: New Agey not Authentically Celtic. This book is disappointing from beginning to end. The author seems to be sincere in her spiritual quest and anxious to share her insights with the reader. However, I'm not sure her insights are worth reading. First, the book is not about &quot;Celtic&quot; anything--it's an American's view of Scottish culture. Second, the author appears to be only superficially acquainted  with Scottish history and traditions. From those impressions, she extrapolates generalizations about &quot;Celtic&quot; mindset and worldview that are not supported by the evidence. Indeed, those not new to Celtic cultures may question her conclusions. If you are interested in learning about Scottish culture and spirituality, I recommend Noragh Jones' _Power of Raven, Wisdom of Serpent_. That book will give you authentic Scottish tradition in a modern context
Not Worth the Time. I skimmed John Gray's &quot;Practical Miracles for Mars &amp; Venus,&quot; but couldn't stomach the hype.  The first 150 pages are about the power of positive thinking and of belief in miracles.  (Gray claims that the world has matured to the point that miracles are now available to anyone, at any time.  Democracy and religious tolerance are two of the enabling changes.)  Gray then sketches some simple techniques for physical and emotional healing: eat right; breath deeply; use a Chi Gong exercise to &quot;recharge healing energy&quot; and &quot;decharge excess or negative energy&quot; (or stress and negative thoughts); imagine that people have treated you better than they actually did; write yourself a letter expressing your frustrations; cultivate gratitude, confidence, joy, etc.; envision the world you want; believe in yourself and your power to heal.  I gather that the techniques are more completely described in Gray's &quot;How to Get What You Want and Want What You Have.&quot;  &quot;Practical Miracles&quot; reads like an ad for Gray's seminars, or like a verbatim trancript of a stage presentation.  (On page 239 he says &quot;Now I have written twelve bestsellers and tend to be a speed writer. ... After many years of developing my thoughts, it takes me only a few months to write them down and create a book.&quot;)  Positive thinking is all well and good, but the seminar must be more inspiring than the book
Rambling presentation. The most interesting information in this book was found on a few pages near the end- a description of the bizarre case that inspired the &quot;Buffalo Bill&quot; character in Silence of the Lambs and the famous movie Psycho.  The rest of the book was a long presentation of classifications of types rapists, details of some cases, some law enforcement programs to work with victims, and some advice for victims- both past and potential.  Contains editorial about how certain types of serial offenders cannot be rehabilitated- the ones who enjoy what they do and repeatedly decide to do it.  Overall there was some intersting information here, but you have to labor to get to the end of this book
Possibly the worst book I've ever read. Since I loved Jurassic Park and The Andromeda Strain (way back in high school) I happily picked up Congo at the airport. What an enormous disappointment - the book has the feel of having been written in an hour and a half. Nonsensical details are never explained (what's with the gray gorillas and the paddles? The gorillas were trained by the Zing-ites, back in the day, to execute people with the paddles and they sort of got into it? This is never made clear), the dramatic arc is entirely hosed up, and the characters are ridiculously one-dimensional. This is one of these books where you get to the last 30 pages and you realize that you're SOL - the plot is not going to come together, and you're not going to be satisfied. That, plus the obsessive detail about boring 1980 technology, left me entirely cold - this book hit the airport trash can the minute I debarked
Love His Books - Not At All Impressed With This CD. I have many meditation tapes I love, but this isn't one.  I love all of his books, so I thought it would be great... but I expected more relaxation and visualization techniques, more hypnosis kind of work in healing.  This did nothing for me.
No Sell rules or when to take a profit. Peter Lynch's book held me back about 10 years in my investing success.  I used to believe things I read in books because a good publisher like Simon and Schuster would publish it.  I counted cars in parking lots of companies with due dilligence and questioned managers on how things were selling.  I also avoided "reading tealeaves" like drawing trendlines on what I was actually concerned about THE PRICE of the stock!  Now I make a living "reading tealeaves" and leave the parking lot duty to those who think counting cars makes the price go up.My suggestion is to learn basic technical analysis from a book like John murphys Technical Analysis of the financial markets.  Start there then go on to learn more advanced TA.  I also like Investor's Business Daily-BUT it is very specialized and takes reading several times and probably help from a more advanced user to understand IBD.  I also swingtrade - hold stocks for 2-5 days sometimes longer.
A Waste. A waste of an idea, a waste of time, and a waste of paper. It's World War I. There's death and dispair and darkness everywhere and yet amidst all the anguish, there comes the tale of two lovers and their sad struggle to live a complete life. It's the daring anti-war classic from the late great Ernest Hemmingway- A Farewell to Arms!Sounds pretty promising, huh? Let's see how it REALLY is.First things first, the Lovers-Fred Henry is an American in the Italian army. He begins the story feeling rather mildly about the war and life in general until he accidentally falls in love and things begin to change. He is a totally self-absorbed, unsympathetic dick. He narrates the story and yet somehow we get little insight into any of his deeper emotions or motives. I literally hated him by the end.Catherine Barkley is a beautiful English nurse who Henry falls for. She's still healing from her last lovers death when she meets him. At first she seems like she might turn out to be at least somewhat intresting, but the hope vanishes everytime she opens her mouth. She is  shallow, moronic, ridiculous, and one of the most unrealistic and dislikable females characters I've ever read. Henry, however, falls desperately in love with her and her thick head of blond hair.Next we have the plot-As you know, it's WWI. Things aren't going so well. Henry mets Catherine. Henry gets injured and falls in love with Catherine. They spend almost all their time remarking how "sweet" and "fine" the other is and reassuring eachother they're really in love. Then they have some sex and Catherine gets pregnant. Henry cares somewhat. He's then forced to go back to war, however, but not before Catherine tells him she feels like a whore when he takes her to a hotel. This is the only intresting thing she ever says but she quickly retracts the statement as to not upset dear, darling Henry. Yadda, yadda, yadda. Henry deserts the army. This is one of the few exciting parts. Unfortunately, though, Henry soon goes back to Catherine. This is where is book takes a turn for the worst. The lovers breifly share happiness until Catherine has her baby, the baby dies and at last Catherine dies. Tragic.My Opinion-The book is dull. When Catherine died I was just glad the book was over. The prose in this novel is some of the most boring and terse I've ever read. The dialouge is some of the most irriating. Between Henry's emotionless "Yes", "No"s, and "All right"s and Catherine's pointless, opinionless chatter, I'm not sure how anyone could be grabbed or moved in the slightest. Neither character had much going for them and I couldn't care less about their miserable fates. Hemmingway could have turned this into something so much better if only he gave his readers some likeable people who we could love and relate to. I don't know about the rest of you, but I thought his was the biggest waste of an idea ever. Cheers
A bit disappointing. My first read of a Jon Jackson novel, and after reading the reviews on here I had higher hopes than the book delivered. At times it was very good, well paced, clear characters and action and then it would wander of on some side road for a period of time. Given that the Detroit detective's name is featured on the cover, I kept wondering when he would appear. Well, not for quite a while and then the most interesting aspect of his life is his living arrangement with his ladlady.  I believe this needed more re-writing than it got
A worthwhile subject but a flimsy, poorly written book. Strongly not recommended. Black and Blue is the story of a woman who flees an abusive relationship, taking her son and attempting to disappear into residential Florida, all the while waiting for her husband, a New York cop, to find and hurt her. The book is not Quindlen's best and while it is readable, and at less than 400 pages a manageable length, it feels like little more than a Lifetime "woman's" movie in novel form. I wouldn't recommend this book, especially in comparison to Quindlen's other work, although the lessons of what abuse is, how it happens, and how difficult it can be to escape are good ones to learn about, even in a fictional context.Anna Quindlen is also the author of One True Thing, a book-cum-film about a daughter's experience with her mother's terminal cancer. That book is good--realistic, emotional but not maudlin, and challenging. Black and Blue is merely an example of weak writing that reads like a made-for-TV movie. It made its way into Oprah's book club but would never make it on to  my must-read lists. Facing the realities of abuse is a good lesson to learn, and so the subject is worth reading about, but Quindlen's portrayal is less than realistic or compelling. All of the checklist facts are there: abuse leads to abuse, specifically carried from father to son; some women are drawn to the type of men that are/become abusers; legal protection can be inadequate; violence can lead to death. So on, so forth. The list of facts is there but the emotional context is filmsy, centers on children (rather than personal strength) and strange, powerless situations. Even when she flees her husband, things seem to be done to the protagonist rather than done by her. It's unfulfilling and disappointing to the reader and detracts from the whole text. In fact, the more interesting characters are mere foils and supporting roles like her new friends and romantic interest. They seem to have more personality and depth than the protagonist.It will take less time and energy, and induce the same emotional responce, to watch any one of the numerous women's TV daytime movies about the same subject. Black and Blue is gripping only because you want to know if her husband will find her or not, and presents very few challenges, either in the writing or the ideas, to the reader. It's readable and I was able to get through it, but it's still a poor example of literature and even of the lesson it attempts to teach. Don't waste your time on this one
Good for Wiccans and Wiccan styles of Paganism. Next to useless for the rest of the Pagan community. Don't get me wrong. The deck is great if you happen to be a Wiccan or follow a form of Paganism that is very Wiccan in style.The problem is in the deck being advertised as good for all pagans.With the cards referring to: The Maiden, Mother and Crone; The Threefold Law; The Words of the Magus; The Horned God and other concepts that are found only in Wiccan styled paganism it makes it as foreign to Germanic, Slavic, Celtic, Egyptian, Greeko-Roman and Middle Easter paganism as the decks the Well Worn Path was designed to replace. In fact in some cases more so! Especially when you count on Hermeticism connection to the Mediterranean faiths.Other than this the deck is excellent. Just like many pagans from the not-Wiccan camps I'm tired of books, decks and articles trying to paint us all the same. It's becoming eerily like Fundamentalist Christian groups passing off non-denominational prayers turning control of our lives to 'our Father in Heaven, the most supreme God.' Then claiming it is appropriate for all faiths.It's not that I have anything against Wicca, it's just of all the Pagan denominations it's adherents are the ones most likely to state that some aspect of there faith applies to all pagans and/or witches and anyone not following them isn't a REAL pagan/witch. This a trend I'm glad to see is dying down.
OK. This is a complex and detailed history chiefly of Cuban exiles in South Florida and the influence they have been able to wield regionally and internationally with and without the help of various U.S. administrations. In that sense, it is the story of two cities - Miami and Washington - and two peoples - Americans and Cubans.I have an objection, though, with the stone-hard style in which this volume is so meticulously, even gorgeously at times, written. Didion strives to be so achingly academic that there is little real heart to this book and, worse, the result is a cold, humorless, colorless story that is at times an unappealing example of ideological abstractions and alphabet soup.The author, in her conspicuously clean and parenthetical prose, apparently is so charged by the subject of her research that she has forgotten there are people on the other end - readers. It is, in that sense, a boring little disaster of a book.
Not impressed!. This book is not worth the money you spend on it.  Out of twenty inputs, there are only two training ideas that are worth any time reviewing.  And, the last twenty pages have one question per page to use as icebreakers.  You could search the web and find more effective training techniques
What Goes Around Comes Around. One of the funniest things about Techgnosis: Myth, Magic + Mysticism in the Age of Information, Erik Davis's much-ballyhooed 1999 release, was how it skewed the conventions of ' Frisco technological mysticism, managing to be distinctively perverse in a world already saturated with impenetrable tech writing and books with incredibly long and pretentious titles. At times the writing was laborious - tedious psychedelic musings, as Davis' Neo-geek garb, pseudo-intellectual facial hair, and droning point of view plugged you into the visionary amorality of robots.With its oft-seen spiritual imagery and techno-porno bent, Techgnosis: Myth, Magic + Mysticism in the Age of Information finds Davis thin and wandering, blowing ploys that never worked before anyway - long words that no one is meant to understand, echoes of better writing, loose jamming that should have been edited into non-existence.(...)Sure, there are moments - the spine features an amazing font, the index is beautifully alphabetised and the Introduction admirably sums up Davis's creed ("Use words with a silent G and you'll surely alienate the unwashed masses"). A shuffling, upbeat passage of silly suppositions and the best use of Xena, Warrior Princess references since The Simpsons, the Intro expresses a bare logic of desire ("I want people to think that I'm smart, but also cool") that makes reading it seem as fun as sticking rusty nails into your eyeballs.Chapter 1's miasma begins with 'a completely generalised statement about humanity', which starts out as fine, brain-twisting, leather-elbow-patch academia, but loses it after Davis uses the words Dionysian, Apollonian and Bacchantes in the same sentence. I haven't been able to get through the rest of the book without nodding out - the distinct lack of clarity is pleasant enough, but I expected more.Unlike Margaret Wertheim or Richard Coyne, Davis hasn't figured out that a successful Techno-spiritual fusion requires brevity. The great bits here - mystery of faith, cliched exploration of tech-angst, an endearing lack of direction- are overwhelmed by ego-driven writing, ambiguous references to overtly obscure source material. Two-thirds of the way through, Techgnosis: Myth, Magic + Mysticism in the Age of Information starts reading like a fourteen-hour layover in Kashmir, a long-distance runaround with only Wired magazine and a pack of purple Bubblicious to pass the time.(...
Propaganda. This book offers a historically very inaccurate, one-sided and propangandistic accounts of the Knights, intended to serve the nationalisitc purposes of the author
Christian fundamentalism dramatized. Even the avid "trekie" reader of the Star Trek science fiction novels, movies and television series must suspend disbelief, when he finds Captain Kirk saying "Beam me up, Scotty."  But the biblical literalist reading this book need make no such effort, when he reads in this book that Jesus will effectively beam millions of true Christians up to heaven in the world-wide "Rapture."  Though the characters and their roles are fictitious, the book specifically references the relevant biblical passages for the believer.The story line opens with the chaotic moment of discovery after the historic mass Rapture event, and the remainder is a moral melodrama concluding with emotional born-again conversions.In the September/October 2006 issue of Foreign Affairs Walt Mead writes that fundamentalists are not hospitable to the idea of gradual progress toward a secular utopia driven by technological advances and the cooperation of intelligent people of all religious traditions.Instead fundamentalists separate themselves from the world and have a premillennial pessimism about prospects for social reform.  Billy Graham's biography by Strober notes that they criticized Graham's "new evangelism" for its inclusiveness and for its involvement in addressing social problems. Yet their separatism does not preclude proselytizing as portrayed in these novels by the "Tribulation Force" or as exemplified by Jerry Falwell's Moral Majority.They are also committed to an apocalyptic vision of the end of the world and are hostile to international institutions such as the United Nations. Mead notes that it is no coincidence that the Left Behind novels show the Antichrist rising to power as the secretary-general of the United Nations.The U.S. Statistical Abstract reports that the per capita numbers of fundamentalists are growing exponentially, while evangelicals and liberals - e.g. Southern Baptists, Lutherans, Presbyterians, Methodists - and Catholics are continuing their per capita declines.  Such data and the reported popularity of these Left Behind novels indicate fundamentalism's growing appeal in reaction to contemporary American society.I see the readers who seriously respond to this book as the "left behind" in the backwash of the tidal flows of cultural change in modern American society, and as conservative Christians who believe it is better to stay behind.  And in not just a few respects, they may be wise to do so.Thomas J. Hickey
giap's mouthpiece. Currey obviously fawns on Giap. Currey has shown no criticil analysis at all in either  confirming or refutting Giap's claims.  He simply passes them on. At times one cannot tell whether one is reading Currey or Giap
Just plain awful. Don't bother buying this one.  The author has a serious case of the "I's" and is more interested in herself than in the subjects she is researching.  Even more unforgiving, I felt I had read a book that did nothing more than recycle old information and put it in a new suit
This "Window" is Broken. A bad clone of a great model.  In some cases, imitation is not just a form of flattery -- it's a diservice.  If you want to learn Situational Leadership go to the source: The Management of Organizational Behavior or The Situational Leader by Paul Hersey.  Better yet, avail yourself of one of his world famous workshops. He has a new book as well: Leadership - A Behavioral Science Approach.  The Leadership Window omits the most critical elements of this behavioral model.  This "window" is broken and distorted.  Save your money and go for the real deal.
In a word - DRY. Not to put too fine a point on it but this book is DRY - almost like a text book.  There is very little action and/or suspense brought forth about involvement in the Angola operation and what could have been was quickly blunted with operational and bureaucratic detail.  And that's how the book drags on, with excruciating detail. In one part, Mr. Stockwell describes what he did to finally get a desk to work from at Langley by sitting in the hall in everyone's way and stacking his papers up beside him.  What took him pages to describe should've been done in a simple paragraph.  To be fair, the book is written from the viewpoint of an intelligence staffer not a cloak and dagger operative. Yes, there might be some interest in how inefficient the CIA was operating back in the mid-1970s but that's true for most large government organizations. He also describes some of the "political" machinations between officials within the CIA.  Again, mildly interesting but nothing notable. Some of the descriptions of dialog and reactions of persons seems contrived, almost as if he (or some ghost writer) added these things for effect. It almost "reads" like a fiction novel in that respect. Rather than writing a solid, crisp account with thoughtful and concise opinions about CIA policy and inner workings the book devolves often times into monotonous detail. However, in the latter chapters the account does get more interesting as he discusses "plausible deniability" and the deception of the CIA to "hide" their involvement. One of the more interesting parts is the organizational background and resources needed to run an operation of this type including the shipping of weapons and ammo, the propaganda strategy, the political workings thru committees, the State Department and the President to gain support, etc.  The book does makes one wonder what other rebellions or conflicts the CIA was involved in over the last 30-40 years and is an eye opener about our nations espionage policies. On this level, the book succeeds.  But, in the end the book was almost a grind to finish.  I'd only recommend this one for the hard core 'spook' fan
Your Last Diet! - or your last diet book?. This time last year I bought Potatoes Not Prozac (PnP)after I stumbled onto the radiant recovery website.  Having suffered from mild depression for over 20 years this book gave me hope to overcome the depression and also lose the weight I gained from overeating.  I found PnP to be an excellent read because Dr D was able to clearly express the science involved in sugar sensitivity.  I have followed the plan fairly closely for the past year, and while the depression is still there, it's not as bad and I've lost 30+ pounds.  Initially I resisted purchasing YLD because I thought there wouldn't be anything new.  I should have followed my instincts.  The book is a definite disappointment - nothing much new, little or no &quot;science&quot; compared to PnP, and largely just 200+ pages of rambling.  She spends far more time telling the reader how they will feel (too many testimonials that remind me of TV advertising) than what they need to do to get there.  Too much time is spent on nonsensical topics like &quot;finding your personal style&quot;.  It seems Dr D was intent on capitalizing on the success of PnP and squeeze a few more bucks out of her readers
When cotton candy goes bad... I thought Fred Saberhagen's "Berserker Fury" (1997) was redundant.  But while Syd Field's "Screenplay" offers plenty of reassurance to the wanna-be screenwriter, pretty soon I got the point and was tired of all the cheerleading.Field may indeed have something substantial to say, but I couldn't help wondering if this book started out as photocopied handouts (since Field apparently taught at Sherwood Oaks Experimental College) and ended up as a hardbound book.  That led me to question if the revisions to the successive editions of the book (1979, 1982, 1994) didn't simply consist of inserting additional redundancies.If you can stand to wade through (and/or "weed through") the pep talk, you might actually get something out of this book.  I couldn't, so I didn't.That means it's time to drag out J. Michael ("Babylon 5," "Murder, She Wrote") Straczynski's "The Complete Book of Scripwriting" (subtitled "The all-in-one guide to writing and selling screenplays, teleplays, theatrical plays, radio scripts and animation scripts").
Corporate art. The Corporation will find any way it can to squeeze more cash out of any platinum "artist". Jewel was a perfect candidate with her bloated, exaggerated tales of growing up in a van in Alaska and pure angelic features. Why would anyone think that a singer with lyrics like, "my hands are small, I know, but they're not yours, they are my own," can write anything that even remotely resembles decent prose? Her poems are nothing more than scattered, broken phrases that are, at worst, unbelievably incoherrent and at best, prime kindergarten-like tales of unrequited love and child-like observation. It's a hard cold fact that the only reason she was allowed to publish such trite poetry is solely because of her platinum cd sales. Anyone who believes that this stuff is good, must either be a loyal follower or the most basic of amatuer readers of prose, and must be taken to the nearest library immediately for an emergency infusion of Frost, Yates or Angelou. You would find more artistic merit in a car manual then Jewel's laughable prose.
This modern romance novel doesn't do it for me. Twenty-something Bette lives in Manhattan, has a close knit group of friends, enjoys romance novels, and apparently possesses little fashion sense or celebrity IQ. Everyone Worth Knowing is the story of how she becomes an accidental success in the surreal world of celebrity public relations, and finds romance--real and fictional--along the way.Maybe it's just me, but Bette seems to have problems many people would love to "suffer" through. Although told a lot of things about her, I never got the feeling I could really picture Bette or understand what she wanted, even in the end. Her story feels underdeveloped and many of the events predictable or random. Still, if you liked The Devil Wears Prada and enjoy modern formulaic romances, you will probably enjoy Everyone Worth Knowing
Data Structures and Algorithms in Java. This text is one of the most poorly written I have read on the subject of data structures.  The JAVA overview should be removed since it goes into no real details pertinent to data structures, and uses a grammar to define the language which serves to confuse more than assist in learning.  I suppose they felt they needed to be different from other texts in some way to sell... how about writing a clear readable text with good code examples?   There is apparently no code in the text which is compilable (only code fragment) and obvious errors in some of these code fragments.  The writing and questions are ambiguous and unclear in many places.  I don't see why any university would choose to use this text.  Maybe the publisher is giving kickbacks to the department?!?  You could spend your money more wisely... such as on Sedgewick's Algorithms in C++, and a JAVA text such as Deitel and Deitel as a resource instead..
Save Your Money. I read this book years ago and was struck be the volume of errors in the Author's theology.  These were fundamental errors too, such as identifying Paul as one of the 12 Apostles.If you do buy this book, I would urge you to also pick up a copy of "Things That Differ" by C.R. Stam and carefully compare the arguments and conclusions of each
Andrew Weil is a crank. I read the first chapter and though this book might be enlightening. I advise anyone who buys this to stop after the first chapter or at least skip 2,3,4. The author doesnt offer much in the first several chapters of the book he simply glorifies him self and doest stop talking about himself, "I did this, i did that, i am this,.." When he does finally quit floating his own boat and start to talk, he gives the impression that all modern medical practice is a conspiracy. Oh you have cancer!, dont go to a dr. there evil, get some ginsing and meditate. Im not saying alternative medicine is bad but it has its place along side modern medicine, and should not be considered a complete replacement
Tough Shoes To Fill. I found this book to be disappointing. The reason may simply be because The Killer Angels is such a hard act to follow.
Oh good greif... What promises to be an interesting book is loaded with new-age claptrap and vague sourcing. The recipes would be good; if you are a risk-taker
Hard to care about this protagonist...... I must admit that this book really mystifies me.  There is no doubt that Ms. Bank is a talented writer, and there are many observations and characterizations that are vivid and humorous and ring true.  But overall, the novel just left me cold.  In thinking about it, I've come up with several issues.  First of all, who really cares about Sophie?  She just seems to have some missing pieces, and it's not really clear why.  She doesn't really seem to be able to engage in satisfactory work, relationships, friendships, and I can't figure out whether she lacks intelligence, sensitivity, and/or judgement.  But as a result, I really don't care much about what happens to her.Second, and more important, what the heck does happen to her?  The novel moves around in a way that makes me almost think it was written as a series of short stories.  You read all about her relationship, for example, with Neal, and then the next chapter arrives and we don't even know what happened.  Maybe I need more closure than Ms. Bank is prepared to offer and it's my problem.  But repeatedly, all of a sudden Sophie appears in a new job,or with a new boyfriend, or with new friends and I'm wondering - did I miss something?  Is this an abridged version or what?So that by the end, I have to ask - what's the point?  Has the main character grown, matured, been on a journey that has led somewhere, or what?  I was left feeling none of these, and thus pretty unsatisfied.  I just have to ask - why was the story of Sophie worth telling?  I have to answer - I don't think it was
Thumbs Down for "Terri's Family". Anyone gushing over the "concerned and loving" parent's of Terri Shiavo really needs to read Michael Shiavo's book on the life and death of his wife. Unlike "Terri's Family," he uses real documents, court and hospital records to support his case. He also exposes the Shindler's (in particular, Bob), as being much less concerned with their their daughter's treatment and more more concerned with affording a bigger condo.Terri is finally resting in peace
A Let Down. This novel is set in the 40's, when Elizabeth Short (the Black Dahlia) was found murdered, her body cut in two. The characters revolve around the investigation of this incident, altnough her name is changed. The chapters go back and forth between the views of two brothers: one, an amoral cop, the other, a Catholic priest, Monsignor, businessman, whatever you want to call him.  Neither one is likable, the 40's cop jargon is incomprehensible, and the Catholic politics/building programs are boring.  However, the murder is solved and the end is neatly tied up with a bow.If old cop stories appeal to you, you might like this, but I'm sure you could find better.  Double Indemnity, for instance, is superior
SHOULD WE ALL JUST GIVE UP..........???. On our beloved Kay Scarpetta and the illustrious Ms. Cornwell?  Having been an avid fan of her novels from the very beginning, I simply cannot help but ask myself....is she really writing this stuff?Very slow in the beginning, I began to fear a repeat of the struggle that I endured to finish Blowfly.  However, this novel does begin to pick up momentum...but not until the reader is halfway through, and certainly not until this author had left me sufficiently disgusted.  The storyline finds Scarpetta summoned home to the scene of the crime...Richmond, Virginia, where her previous employer seeks her assistance in unwraveling the mysterious death of a young girl.  So Scarpetta---with Marino tagging along of course---heads back to Richmond from her new home in Florida to offer assistance; only to find that her old building is being demolished...and that the new one, under the leadership of Dr. Joel Marcus, is sloppy regarding policies and procedures.  The demoralization of her former staff by Dr. Marcus is also unnerving to Scarpetta; and clearly he resents her intrusion. So why has he asked her to come?Meanwhile, Lucy, as head of The Last Precinct, is once again up to her ears in nonsense.  For such a brilliant, successful young woman (as readers have always been lead to believe), why must Cornwell insist on making her so completely stupid in her literary life?  In this tale she is once again romantically linked with a narcissistic sociopath who also happens to be her employee.Worse than the weak storyline, and the fact that this novel is just all over the place, is the author's disturbingly sterotypical portrayal of African-Americans throughout.  Drug dealers are black, they're dead of gunshot wounds, and most ludicrous of all is in one instance Cornwell references a dead young man's "conspicuously large organ."  Are you kidding me?  The trash collectors are "big dark men" and of course in an upscale neighborhood, the "old black woman" must WORK in one of the houses.  The author's unbelievably narrow-minded, stereotypical view of other races is disturbing at best, and frankly makes one think that she may just be as stupid from a common sense perspective as Lucy.Read only if you must, but frankly there are better ways to spend your time.DY
BORING!. This was my first time reading Kellerman and I'm not sure if I'd ever pick up another book by him.
Christie did a much better job on The Orient Express. An heiress murdered, her newly acquired rubies stolen, a lover, estranged husband & mistress, a young girl who has inherited money and Poirot all get entangled in the affair; it's a mess. MURDER ON THE BLUE TRAIN plods along at a snail's pace and it is actually a pleasure to reach the end. The murder victim doesn't earn our compassion or contempt, the side trips into the life of our newly moneyed young heroine are tedious and Poirot muddles through without his usual aplomb. Even when the killer is revealed, it lacks the usual drama of Poirot's theatrics; it's almost an afterthought. Christie does a much better job when she puts Poirot on the Orient Express
You love or you hate it!. I have a keen interest in apocalyptic fiction, so when the subject came up with a friend last year, he mentioned RIDDLEY WALKER, insisting that I would love it.  He warned me about the broken English the author used to convey the first person tale of the hero in a world nearly reverted to the stone age.  Intrigued, I looked it up and saw all the glowing reviews.  It seemed to be all that my friend said it was. I ordered a copy and was actually looking forward to the experience.  Alas, after getting about two thirds of the way through this novel (and that was a slog, I assure you!) I finally closed the covers and gave up.  I see how much work was put into the novel, I get how this novel could attain a cult status; however, as with nearly all things "cultish", you either love it or hate it.  RIDDLEY WALKER turned out to be the first book I gave up on in years.
Even if I didn't know this book was a farce... it would be a very irritating and unbelieveable read.  I read this book after knowing it is mostly fiction to see what all the hype was about.  The writing style of this book is annoying and difficult to read.  I ended up skipping over much of the content because it was repeated over and over.  I know this is supposed to be for emphasis, but I just found it indulgent.  The lack of correct punctuation was distracting, too.  Had I read this when the book first came out, before everyone knew he lied, I would have found it hard to believe that most everyone in the book relapsed but he was completely fine without the help of AA.  Although I have not attended AA or any similar support groups, I feel that this book sends a poor message to people with addictions, that they are perfectly capable to handle their recovery on their own, which in most cases I am sure they are not.  I found the other characters in the book to be much more interesting than James Frey, and I can't say that I felt any amount of sympathy or connection to him as a character.  Maybe that is what he wanted since he supposedly feels so horrible about himself....but I am sure that now he has made a pretty penny pimping a fake story he isn't feeling so badly anymore
What exactly did Hoffman do for the Iron Game???. While this book does dispel the image of Bob Hoffman as some sort of saint not to mention the fact that Fair dispels the notion that Hoffman was a strongman or superhealthy. In reality, Hoffman used aluminium weights for his "strongman exhibitions" and was quite unhealthy. And he was no saint.Hoffmans main source of income was from his Oil Burner business. He saw weightlifting as a business opportunity and his primary interest was olympic weightlifting with bodybuilding as a sidethought.Indeed, Hoffman found that by promoting bodybuilding events along with olympic weightlifting he could increase the attendance at the ole so boring olympic weightlifting contests.Hoffman also saw an opportunity to sell weights, vitamins, protein powders and other supplements via weightlifting contests and his magazine Strength & Health which in fact was nothing more than a catalogue promoting his products.Through the efforts of Hoffman, the AAU Mr. America was more or less a "who is the best built York BBC Man of the year." Poor Dan lurie would  win every subdivision and place second repeatedly during the early 40's and had to wonder when York would run out of employees that he had to be second to.In 1947 Steve Stanko, a York employee would win the AAU/FIHC Mr. Universe contest in Phildelphia. In all fairness, this being the time when legends like Clancy Ross, Steve Reeves, George Eiferman, Lud Shusterick, Andre Drapp and Oscar Heidenstam not to mention York Barbells very own John Carl Grimek walked the earth, Steve Stanko Mr. Universe? C'mon!The problems with Hoffman controlling the AAU bodybuilding movement continued through the 40's, 50's, 60's and even the 70's. Black and Puertican bodybuilders had no chance to win the coveted AAU Mr. America title and would frequently place lower than what they deserved in lower level contests as well. As a result, many of the top names just left the sport in disgust. The IFBB tried to launch in America but met with incredible opposition from Hoffman. It would be a decade later untill the IFBB would make a major impact on bodybuilding and give bodybuilders a fair alternative.For years Hoffman was concerned about the popularity of bodybuilding and felt that too many in the Iron Game were focusing on the muscle contests in lieu of his precious olympic lifting. For the same reason, Hoffman tried to hold back powerlifting, initially referring to the sport as "Odd Lifting."I guess it was "odd" to Hoffman. The first National Powerlifting Championships were held in 1965 in York, Pa. and were incredibly successful. Hoffman even launched a new magazine called "Muscular Development" which would cover both bodybuilding and powerlifting while Strength & Health, Hoffmans flagship magazine (catalogue) would cover mostly olympic weightlifting with some health articles which were really intended to sell Hoffmans products. Sort of like an early version of informercials.To Hoffmans dismay, powerlifting grew tremendously. Participants found that powerlifting was far easier on the body and joints that heavy squat cleans, split cleans, overhead presses, snatches and clean and jerks. Powerlifting also drew larger audiences than olympic lifting and once again Hoffman was concerned about taking away from olymic weightlifting. When it was discovered that England, Australia, Germany, Canada and many other countries had powerlifting advocates, powerlifters were after the AAU to organize a World Championships. But alas, Hoffman via the AAU claimed it could not be done.In 1970, George Frenn who was an associate editor for Weiders magazine Muscle Builder/Power beseiged Joe Weider to organize a international powerlifting competition and Mr. Weider did. It was held along with the IFBB Mr. Western America in Los Angeles and was incredibly successful. This was despite attempts by the York group to stop the contest. According to the York magazines, "any AAU registered athlete who competes in this competition will be banned for life by the AAU." Reality was that York was just blowing smoke. The competition was extremely successfu. So successful that now Hoffman saw the possibilities (via competition with Joe Weider??) to organize the first World Powerlifting Championships in York, Pa. in 1971. Interesting how the impossible became possible. It was most obvious that the only reason that Hoffman organized the first World Powerlifting Championships was in fact to even the score with Joe Weider...but the good news is what came out of it....powerlifting surged in popularity, formed their own federation leaving the AAU which as far as most people were concerned, stood for Amateur Archiac Union, at least as far as the Iron Game was concerned.Also during the 1970's, the IFBB gained acceptance with the General Assembly of General Sports Assembly giving the IFBB superiority over the AAU and establishing the IFBB as the official governing body for the sport of bodybuilding! Slowly, bodybulders in the USA began to switch over from the AAU to the IFBB and bodybuilders finally had a viable alternative. Today, the AAU no longer sanctions bodybuilding contests. The NPC, the american affiliate to the IFBB squelched the AAU and bodybuilders are far better off as result.Strength & Health went the way of the stagecoach. Muscular Development was bought by Twin Labs. York Barbell still sells weights but you won't find York Barbell running any national level bodybuilding or powerlifting competitions anymore or even local events.Getting back to my initial question, what exactly did Bobby Hoffman do for the Iron Game? I guess the best thing he did was plant the seeds for better promoters to take the sport where Hoffman couldn't or wouldn't. Bodybuilding shows are now held in large convention centers ins tead of YMCA's and High School Auditoriums and professional contests resemble rock concerts with special effects and large audiences. Olympic lifting and power lifting are both in better hands now as well.Protein products now actually have protein rather than white sugar and white flour, the two main ingredients in Hoffmans products.The other thing that Hoffman did was to infuriate members of the Iron Game to take the ball from Hoffman and run with it. To make The Iron Game the great sport that it is today. Hoffman may have initiated some of the things that we love about the sport today, but in fact, The Iron Game is far better off without Hoffman and York Barbell than it ever was with the York gang.One other thing. In the early 60's, York Barbell were the first to exploit anabolic steriod use. A certain Dr. Zeigler administered them to York Olympic lifters in an attempt to compete on a world level in Olympic Weigthlifting. Soon steriod use exploded to bodybuilders and weightlifters were taking steriods like they use to take vitamin supplements and eating them like candy. Interesting too that even without steriods, the Japanese, Russians and the Germans still stayed ahead of our Drug Taking Americans! If it wasn't for York Barbell and Bob Hoffman perhaps steriod use would not be so prevelent today.Gee--thanks Bob!
Flashes of brilliance, long stretches of cloying frustration. This book does have a fairly intricate plot, and I did want to know what would happen to Ned and Verity...that said, do people really enjoy being clubbed over the head with a hundred redundant clues?  One of the pleasures offered by fiction is puzzling out the situation--once you've figured out a particular aspect, it just becomes tedious to be given nudge after nudge, while the dimwitted protagonist stumbles around for another 100 pages.Willis occasionally hits the mark with her humor, but her tricks get old after a few repetitions, leading up to a climax of self-congratulatory literary allusions and treacly religious overtones.  What a disappointment
Practicalities not attended to very well. Ok...so everyone is getting wounded in this tale from Feehan.  Seems like no one stays in one piece and about 1/3 of this book is fixing people up and giving each other blood.  Shea is abused, injured, throat ripped out, and second degree burns caused by the sun ... well...in my opinion none of this should happen because it isn't very well address or even believably described. Jacques is badly wounded and this surgeon (Shea) ....while in the middle of the woods in a third world country and on the run from people who want to kill her...sets up an operating room just in case anyone may need surgery while they happen by her isolated cottage. HUH???  Is this a joke?So wonder what happens to the hero and heroine?  Well if you ever read a Feehan ....exactly the same thing that happens in all her books.So why do I keep buying them?  I ask myself over and over again WHY?  Feehan does put a lot of energy into that first two or three chapters.  I always believe that I am going to LOVE it, that this book will be different,  but she gets into her same old routine and nothing new EVER happens.
A worthless waist of time. This book was perfectly awful. If it was possible I would have givin it zero stars. I am in the eighth grade and none of the people in my school act like this.  People might be thinking this but don't actually say it out loud.  This book was also degrading towards both boys and girls.  The one charactor in this book who I actually liked was Marcaline.  I don't recomend this book for people of of any age and anyone under 15 should absolutly not read it!  Save yourself the time and put this book where it belongs.  In the trash can
Despite my  fear of being accused of... not being hip, I must venture out and say:Oh my God!!!  What????  Who cares?  Franny is pregnant.  The big twist in this story was that it was in the 50s.  But beyond that, what's the point?  Take out the pregnancy and we are left with hyperintelligent, overanalytical, pretentious young adults whose parents did them a disservice by never offering them a real childhood.  Boring in the 50s and boring now.As a fan of Catcher if the Rye, I couldn't wait to get my hands on Franny and Zooey.  Holden was familiar.  Franny and Zooey made me want to shower.  I really wish I had the time back that I spent reading this trite piece of...
Too much McGonigal, not enough MBV. I was extremely disappointed in this book. Like many other reviewers I had been waiting anxiously for its release and this makes the disappointment with the final product even more difficult to take.McGonigal places himself in this book far too often. He presents only the most loose of narratives about the band itself and writes in what I consider to be an extremely amateur manner. It seems as if the book was produced with very little journalistic rigor, frequently regurgitating items from a previous work on My Bloody Valentine which should be considered at best disputed rather than true facts
Banal & Trite:  Tired Advice on "Style". The fact that you are even looking for a book on style is proof that you are far too sophisticated for this book.  It is filled with the dullest, most over-used "style" tips in fashion history - make your "classic" pieces neutral in color?  change your look by changing your accessories?  Mon Dieu! This is not advice on French style... this is recycled notes from 'fashion 101' pieced together from ancient advice and common sense.  To add insult to injury, the pages are mostly filled with photographs of boring clothing "combinations" that were probably already dated before the book even hit the publisher's office.
Hate to Give it One Star. Is there an option for zero.  The worst I book I have ever read.  He contradicts himself in his points, hoovers over stealing pears (and other evil things) and puts me to sleep.  I don't see how this piece of garbage could make anyone a saint, it should be burned. ZERO STARS
mitten. The mitten was a good book.It was a good wen thefunnest part when mitten blew.It was a good book at the end it was the funnyest part
Verdict from 2002: Onesided and Hopelessly Outdated. A lot has transpired since Richard Rovere died in 1979 that makes his book outdated and irrelevant: Venona and the disintergration of the Soviet Union, for example.  Both have put paid to such questions as &quot;if there were Communists in the State Department.&quot; Arthur Herman's book &quot;Reexamining the Life and Legacy of America's Most Hated Senator&quot; --using the revelations and documents from the former Soviet Union-- clarified these issues once and for all. McCarthy may have been an eccentric demogogue and an alcoholic (so what makes him different from many other politicians?) but history shows that he got it essentially right. Diehard communists, progressive communist sympathizers and all those misguided souls that believed and still believe that it was a &quot;noble&quot; cause-- will never forgive him for getting it right
I am so bummed!. I had been looking forward to the two Wheel of the Year books by Ashleen O'Gaea and am extremely disappointed with them.  The author is not working with the traditional Wheel of the Year as celebrated in the United States.  Lughnasadh is referred to as the beginning of Autumn (instead of the Equinox), Beltane is the beginning of Summer, etc.  It was surprising/confusing when she stated that that Mabon is mid-Autumn rather than the beginning of Autumn.  This is the only place I have *ever* read that - and I read a lot of books!  Her calendar is definitely not standard to traditional Wiccan Wheel of the Year rites.  Maybe they are standard for Astatru but it should be clearly noted that Nordic seasons are different so their seasonal calendar is different.  However, what really turned me off was when the author stated that she is troubled with words like "sacrifice" (too closely related to B movies) and "offerings" (the reason why is not clear).  Let's just sugar-coat all pagan verbage!  I know that she writes family-friendly books but this is not the Victorian period where we rewrite stories to make them more acceptable.  I have not decided whether to keep or sell the books.  I am so bummed
very few advices... This book was a disappointment... Yes of course McCartney is talking about travel photography and gives a few -good- advices but the book is a real pain to read. She keeps talking about herself and how great she is and how many countries she traveled and another couples of very useless stories. Also some points are very discutable.... p23 "You don't have to be handsome or beautiful to be a successful photographer, but you should strive to be as physically attractive and well-groomed as you can be."To conclude, there are very few photographies, B/W, outdated and some of them not very interesting at all.
Perfect nonsense. O please. This is totally yin view on business. Light house example, which they use through the book, shows clearly that author is out of the touch. Light house for boats is only usable in clear nights, it is switched of at day (50% of time) and you can not charge for it. I would rather use GPS navigation example because you must get the device. Light gives you only an information (what can you expect other from consultant). GPS navigates you in all weather conditions and ALSO on the land.Their view is a romantic one. You fill that you must almost fell in love with each customer to be good to work with. Real life is a little more complicated, so my non reaction to my ego suggestions on the not so perfect customer will make much better results. Still better if I can remove these responses for good and in same time acquire some wisdom.In the first part they always point you to the second one, where you will finally here about it - us stay with us because we must make same thickness for the book. In the second part after a few pages I have taken away electricity from their light house. In the third part you have 20 pages of their contacts to other light houses. Can I return the book?
Don't waste your money. I bought this book for Dr. Norman's class at the University of California, Riverside.  I must say that this is one of the worst textbooks I've ever read.  It is confusing, unorganized and the charts and diagrams are  difficult to understand. It tries to be comprehensive but fails to clearly  explain most concepts. The only thing worse than this book are Dr. Norman's  lectures.  There are plenty of other better books on this topic than this  one
The Worst Icke Ever. I have a ton of his books. this is so full of balony that I couldn't pay attention to anything else. I find his political books to be right on the money but he always sticks aliens and lizards in the mix and makes his books seem less credible. Sucks when you're trying to convince a friend of something, you show your friend a book of his, desperately try to cover up the aliens and lizards and your friend catches sight of it. Does crap for backing up what I'm saying.
More for tourists than those looking to relocate. As others note, Doudera is more concerned with clam festivals and kayaking than the nuts and bolts of everyday living.  The book is not impartial in the slightest; not one interviewee mentions any dissatisfaction in their Maine experience in a state where griping is the prime pastime.I, alas, am not impartial either, having moved to Maine from Montana a year and a half ago to my deep regret.  If YOU must persist, however, I can provide some words of caution Doudera leaves unsaid.The omission of two particular subjects is especially heinous.  First, though Doudera mentions that "on a map, the state appears to be sinking" from all the lakes and does recommend a home inspection, she completely elides the threat of flood or water damage.  This should be your top priority in a home search; any Mainer will tell you that nearly no house is without at least occasional water in the basement, and persistent water problems can rot support beams, unseat the foundation, and threaten the long-term stability of a home  -  not to mention make the basement unusable and foster mold.  Depending on the season, though, such problems might not be immediately apparent.  Check the road drainage; ask multiple neighbors; have your inspector take a second look.  FEMA flood zones are NOT a reliable guide.  Do not trust your realtor to the extent Doudera recommends; as Maine has nearly no consumer-protection laws, agents have no motivation to disclose such issues.Secondly, if you venture off 95 or Rt. 1, you'll find that the roads are in a dangerous degree of disrepair, with asphalt like peanut brittle that's been cracked with a hammer.  This is due to a combination of wet soil refreezing and unfreezing during winter ("frost heave") and plain neglect.  There are also a great number of roads that turn to rutted, nearly untraversable dirt without warning.  Your car will see great wear and tear; you will go through at least one pair of struts per year (and I have heard of two or three).  Until you acclimate, drive VERY carefully to avoid serious damage.Maine is also an extraordinarily fractious state.  There is no sense of unity on the state or county or even town-to-town level; the radio and even TV ads are rife with competition in trying to tear down neighboring locales as "trailer trash".  It's every man (and town) for himself, and this is a source of endless problems.  Rampant corruption and waste in state government goes unchecked, as there is no one city press strong enough to expose or counter it.  Taxes are extraordinarily high, as each individual village must provide near-completely for its own welfare and cannot take advantage of economies of scale.  Utilities are provided unreliably and at great cost, like teenagers performing chores poorly and with great folderol to impress upon us their displeasure at such unreasonable requests.  There are few charities or other means of community support; basic public goods like sidewalks or parks are relatively rare.  It is hard to make friends due to the lack of community functions.  If, like me, you took the concept of community for granted before, you won't after a year in Maine.Other points:- Maine's economy is tanking.  Few Mainers will dispute this.  In 2005, only Katrina-ravaged Louisiana had a worse outlook, a fact raised relentlessly by all sides in the 2006 elections.  Doudera cites the wealth of small businesses, but the vast majority are at-home side ventures.  For 40-hour-workweek employment, the average worker will have no choices beyond convenience stores and Wal-Mart.- Many businesses  -  general stores and supermarkets, not just restaurants  -  cannot sustain year-round operations and are therefore "closed for the season", the "season" ranging from winter only to everything except summer.  This practice is not at all confined to resort towns.  A seemingly lively community in summer might get much less so at other times.- Doudera expends a lot of space on puffins and moose.  The former are restricted to a few isolated islands.  The latter will not be seen unless you hunt up north; the highway signs are there solely for the tourists.  (Deer, as Doudera mentions, are a legitimate concern; take care when driving on densely wooded highways.)- I cannot speak for health insurance, but my auto policy is relatively low.  Generally, though, prices are on par with Massachusetts (or, as Doudera mentions, California), particularly for food and health care.  (A recent eye exam cost me $170.)- This might seem silly, but do not underestimate the effect the weather can have on your disposition.  If you come from a sunny state, Maine's chronic overcast will be a big adjustment.- Winters in Maine are perhaps not living heck, though I have stayed for two exceptionally light seasons.  Listening to everyone TALK about it, however, going on and on in defeatist tones with gleeful hand-wringing at forthcoming divine meterological punishment, is plain unendurable.- All but a few beaches are chopped up and privately owned.  Don't expect a community waterfront.- Pollution is rampant from paper mills and factories.  The rivers are the color of used toilet water.I complain, I know.  I wish, though, that someone had told ME these things before I moved.  I'll let you in on something positive  -  the absolute best fish in Maine is served at The Shed in Cornville, 10 minutes north of Skowhegan, where Rt. 150 meets Rt. 43.  Unfortunately, it might no longer be available by the time you read this; the proprietors are selling, for a new garbage incinerator is slated to be built just 5 minutes away.You see what I mean
Extremist! Jane Hersey is nutty!. Jane Hersey is nutty as a fruitcake with food coloring! Any parent knows Anything out of moderation is not good for a child...Hello?? This is so extreme- so "out there" on the edge.Ridiculous! I want my money back! Save yours!! The only good reviews are her other "whacko granola friends!"
Limited. This book is not for the novice craftsman.  I have some carpentry experience and I did not find it as useful as I had hoped.  The lack of step by step methods for creating the door/gate designs was a negative for me.  I also did not like the variety of door designs.  However, I did find a couple of very interesting designs that I want to tackle as soon as I find a book that will give me sound guidance
Disappointing. I thoroughly enjoyed "The Elegant Gathering of White Snows" by Kris Radish and was looking forward to another great read with this book. I have seldom been so disappointed in a story.I loved the beginning of "Dancing Naked at the Edge of Dawn"...but after the first chapter, the book just fizzles out. The writing is overly flowery and the conversations between the characters are unrealistic.I'm a believer in many things new age, karma, positive thinking, etc. but the overblown prose in this story and simplistic resolutions to each and every problem facing our heroine, Meg, were enough to make me throw up my hands several times in frustration.Meg serves her husband with divorce papers and they end up having a fabulous dinner together reliving the positive aspects of their failed relationship...and one-upping eachother with praise for the other.....uh huh. Her Mom has to have a lump checked out...but her yoga and positive thinking help to make it non-cancerous. Meg goes to Mexico as her Aunt had wished and finds the love of her life, a perfect seaside cottage that she now owns and peace. The list of unrealistic outcomes is endless.I did keep plugging along trying to enjoy the story...but the writing kept getting in my way of the plot and the simplistic resolutions just became too much to bear.Try "The Elegant Gathering of White Snows" instead.
Very Annoyed!. I give this book a 1 star not because it wasn't interesting - it certainly was, but because the ending absolutely floored me!  Aghgh**&&*(7#!!!!!  I never thought it was going to end like that - where was the justice??  I feel like something is missing.  I want to reach into the book and smack Alex! Please tell me there is a follow-up book where Sam gets what's coming to him!!! -- Oh, and Daphne too
Heresy and it's worst. False Doctines from the pit of hell
LESS THAN ETHICAL and more..... If you think you are buying a more comprehensive edition each year...take a look at the numbers:2000 has 20,000 entries, 300+ new entries, 14,000 VHS-9,ooo DVD2004 has 18,000 entries, 300+ new entries, 13,000 VHS-8,ooo DVD2005 has 18,000 entries, 300+ new entries, 13,000 VHS-7,ooo DVD2006 has 16,000 entries, 300+ new entries, 14,000 VHS-8,ooo DVD"Including 300+ new entries" means to me they have ADDED new entries (movies) to last years edition, when in fact, the new edition has lost 4000 entries (movies) from 2000 to 2006, 2,000 from 2005 to 2006 versions! NOT GOOD and more.....At a glance it appears older movies are being removed.  For the first time, today, I noticed there is a "classic version" being published.  The people involved are slowly removing older movies and publishing them in this new classic version.  Apparently there is some duplication also.  'Little stealth there?  Where does that leave the Movie Guide buyers?  Ripped off, and now forced to buy another book to get the same coverage one expects and should have in the original according to the account on the front cover!I tried to find roughly 13 movies released on DVD in 2005, meaning, in most, if not all cases, they were released to the theatres much earlier.  I FOUND ONE!  Was I UPSET?  YES!This isn't a 2006 guide, it's what the 2005 should be.  Soon we will have a 2010 version, published in 2008, which will not include movies released in 2006!This Leonard Maltin's 2006 Movie Guide goes back to the unethical persons (for the censors) who are involved in its structure and misleading (and possibly) intentionally deceptive methods.Avidity abounds.
Completely ridiculous plot. In book two of the Kathy Reichs series involving Temperance Brennan, Tempe finds herself with dead bodies on two continents.  Upon examination, she begins to find unusual similarities that link these deaths.  But how can the victims be so far apart and yet somehow be related?  What evil force is at work here and who can stop it?  And how is a nun's missing niece tied to the destruction?  To top it all off, her eccentric sister from Texas has gone missing in Canada in her quest to "find herself."  Tempe must deal with whether some evil has touched her sister or whether this is just another installment of her sister's flaky personality.The murders in this book follow Tempe from Montreal to the Carolinas in too far fetched a pattern.  Wherever this woman travels, bodies pop up that no one but her can possibly deal with.  As an anthropologist it is logical that she would find herself dealing with skeletal remains, but it is completely unbelievable to find that as she travels between her two homes that the bodies keep piling up and no one else is available to conduct the investigation.Again Tempe is a heroine that is difficult to like.  When asked to assist with the deaths she whines internally about how she had other plans and really doesn't want to be bothered.  When she finally relents, she has trouble associating the clues that she sees.  There are terrible lines illustrating this such as "that kindled something...in my memory cells, but when I tried to bring it up the spark went out."  Another: "The mental itch was back.  What was it?  Why couldn't I bring it to the surface?"  Yet 100 pages later she is magically pulling it all together and making extrodinary leaps and bounds toward solving the crimes of the century.This is my second attempt at Kathy Reichs.  I already own the next two books in the series, so I will read them eventually, but it seems as though this set of novels is a huge disappointment with ridiculous plots and an unlikable heroine
Well done!. I loved it.  A bit confusing with all of the names but well done.  Stephen White is not kind to the reader, I appreciate this.  He kills off beloved characters, not just the homeless and unconnected.  He gives the reader a chance to grieve along with his characters.Well done
Wow I can hardly wait for the movie!!!. This is a great read that will have you lol and thinking at the same time.The writer is talented and gifted and can turn a phrase as fast as you want to turn the page.Perspective, compassion and curiosity are operative words in this outstanding work.I can only imagine one of the Wilson brothers playing the writer in the flick.Don't let the title scare you off as once you get into it you will have made a deposit that will reap you interest
Caveat for Castaneda's first book. I waited until I had read books 2 - 8 before I read this first book, and I was glad I did, because I wouldn't have read the other books if I'd read this one first.  But with the others under my belt, I was able to see what Castaneda was demonstrating out of his bag of tricks, and also could appreciate his maturing by the time he wrote his subsequent works.My view is that each word in the title is misleading, especially to someone new to Castaneda.  The information and perspectives are not from Yaqui tradition, and this book does not represent what don Juan actually taught
Brillliant style but too long. I loved the writing style in this book--very bright and lively--but the book, to me, was too long because of the bitter, depressing sex scenes. Franzen's people really don't like themselves or other humans, and that ends up being unpleasant. In spite of the wacky humor, the book is really very dark.
Simply the worst. They should have titled it &quot;Locked in the Arms of a Terrible Author.&quot; That would have been a more fitting title for this aweful book
Disappointing. I ordered the book thinking that I had found a good resource for starting  my event planning business.  What I received was a book that would be great  for people who organize fund raising events with several committees of  people working together.  Not at all what I was looking for.  In fact, most  of the book is related to fundraising and the responsibilities of the  various committee members.  Overall, I was disappointed in the lack of  general event planning information and ideas
The Universal Language of DiSC. Sorry, but I would not recommend this book.  As a "reference guide" I really expected more.  Probably a good buy at $19.95, but I'll sell you mine for $85.00
bad. A CROSS WITHOUT HELL IS A CONTRADICTION: READ THE APOSTLE'S CREED.I fully agree with the UNPOPULAR reviewer "Andy Grey" who gave it one star.  It is impossible for annihilationist to comprehend sin and the law of God both of which are linked to the doctrine of hell.  They annihlate the law and sin with hell.  The endorsers deny Anselms teaching of the infintie debt and Why God Became Man.Instead buy the book "Eternal Christianity" by Jim Cronfel to read all of the quotes from this book if the denials of sin and the law and the atonement and justification.PATRIPASSIANISM IN THIS BOOK:"There is no question now of the Father inflicting punishment on the Son or of the Son intervening on our behalf with the Father, for it is the Father himself who takes the initiative in his love, bears the penalty of sin himself, and so dies." p 152DENIAL OF ETERNAL SIN BEARING:"God in Christ bore our sins and died our death because of his love and justice, we must not think of it as expressing eternal sin-bearing in the heart of God. What Scripture does give us warrant to say, however, is that God's eternal holy love, which was uniquely exhibited in the sacrifice on the cross, continues to suffer with us in every situation in which it is called forth." p 329 - 330DENIAL OF PARDON BY ATONEMENT:"Nor, as we have seen, has Christ by his sacrifice prevailed upon God to pardon us." p 173SEE THE PATTERN DEVELOPING?Andy Grey is currently running 3 for 44 helpful votes.  Goes to show that the truth is sparce and the path is narrow.  I ask: do the "unhelpful" voters deny sin themselves? are they saved? or are they in it for popularity
Are the authors qualified to write this book?. It does not seem that Thomas Pauley is particularly rich.  One of his best success stories is getting a good loan rate so he could buy a used Mercedes that had 55,000 miles on it.   That's rich?!  It seems that if he were "rich beyond his wildest dream" he would pay cash for for any new car available and not think twice about it.  There is also a fair amount of nutty ideas like "If most of the world believed in fairies, unicorns and mermaids, you would see them running around all of time."One of the most objectionable ideas is his concept of tithing.  He makes God out to be some sort of cosmic accountant that will strike back at you is he does not get his 10%. Additionally Mr. Pauley's concept of tithing is very specific. According to Mr. Pauley giving to a church or charity is not tithing. Giving 10% to a rock star because you are inspired by his lyrics is fine (as in the case of his son).  If fact he would say that giving to poor people would be "foolish spending".  You should tith to your spiritual source. I get the distinct impression that he wants me to kick back 10% to him.There are a few good ideas like make lists and get specific about your goals but it is never followed up by an action plan.  You should just put in your order and wait for the universe to fill it.  Mr Pauley covers himself with a hugh loophole which is, if this system didn't work for you it means that the universe didn't want you to have it.I suggest Napolin Hill's "Think and Grow Rich"  instead.
totally in error. This book was so full of a trying-to-hard Austen language that  it was very annoying.  I didn't get past the first chapter.  The development of Margaret seemed fake and not in a way Austen had her heading in her novel.  Margaret desired to travel, but nothing is said of this.  Something like this would not disappear in three years.  Authors shouldn't stray from the original author's intention
FOR ENGINEERS ONLY. A great adventure story, but beyond the courage of the Astronauts and the intense devotion of NASA controllers, (as literature,) it is of interest only to those with special knowledge, in the field. I found it heavy going when the authors focused on the technical aspects of the mechanical failure. And there is alot of this from beginning to end.There have been books which are centered on my area of expertise. I found them fascinating throughout. Many of my friends were bored.
Dull as Dirt. This is one of those books where all the best parts can be found on the book jacket!  I was intrigued by the book jacket description of the Swap Shop Show:  &quot;If you've got something you're itching to sell, something  you mighta never woulda bought no way, then give us a call,&quot; but this  idea isn't expanded upon in the text.  Instead, this seems to be another in  a series of recent books where the authors seem to believe a series of  quirky characters alone a great novel make.  Not so.  Readers want  characters they can get to know, characters who grow and change throughout  the book, not a series of semi-related vignettes about cardboard cutouts of  people.  I particularly found McCorkle unable to handle the parallel story  lines well.  Perhaps the plot ties together in the end (I just couldn't get  that far, I really tried!), but the impression I got was of jerking back  and forth between stories that may have stood better on their own.  For  examples of successful books employing the parallel-lives technique, see  Tom Wolfe's *A Man in Full* or Michelle Huneven's *Round Rock.*  I've  gathered in reading reviews that McCorkle is being hailed as a great new  Southern author; I found no Southern flavor at all in this book.  These  silly characters could have lived anywhere.  I guess I'll stick to Rita Mae  Brown when I want a taste of the South
a List view on lighting. I admire Ross Lowell's inventions enormously. His lights, while not as robust as others and so not so well suited to rental houses, are a great tool for the beginning owner-operator. I began with his Lowel Lights and moved up to his D-heads. I remember them all fondly, even though I no longer use them.After many years as a director of photography,  I've begun to teach lighting and have been looking at book options for my students. So far the best book I've found on this topic is Blain Brown's "Motion Picture and Video Lighting". While the layout of Lowell's book is stunning, as are many of the images, Lowell approaches each section with long lists which to my mind do nothing to inspire the thinking eye.  With great respect for Lowell, I regretfully report that for me his book is for the encyclopediast, not for the emerging eye.
Bukowski: a fake and a hack. What a lousy writer. If he didn't complain about everything and then get drunk and call himself a poet, we'd all call him an annoying, whiny drunk
The new "confortable paperback" style. I haven't read this book, although I expect that it is probably very good since J.A. Jance wrote it.  I have buying all her books for some years. However, I have been buying paperback books for a lot longer, probably longer than Jance has been writing.  But NOW, book publishers, not satisfied with an average increase of more than 30% in the retail price, have come up with a "new" size for more comfortable reading.  BALONEY!! It's for greed! I do not intend to buy this new size.Having carried paperbacks in my briefcase for more than 50 years.  I doubt that the publishers will even notice.  After all, I am 80+ years of age and the volume of my book buys are of little interest to the new breed of publishers. I will miss my many favorite authors but not for long. Goodbye, Adios, Adieu, and vaya con DIOS.J. Dwayne Taylor - jdlet@tstar.ne
Gnon-sense from beginning to end. Sylvia Brown, accompanied by her spirit partner Francine, have decided to take on the greatest (and most lucrative) mystery of all -- the life of Jesus Christ. Browne promises that this book will combine the truth discovered by biblical scholars, along with corrections from "The Other Side," channeled by Francine.  There ought to be no limit to the depths of knowledge that can be achieved by such a partnership -- one side of which seeks truth by conventional means, the other one knowing all the answers.Some odd results emerge. Browne, supposedly passing along the insights of biblical scholars, puts forth some howlers. Biblical scholars are fairly unanimous in supporting the two-source theory of the gospels, in which Matthew and Luke (writing around 85 CE) base their gospels on Mark (written around 70 CE) + a hypothetical document "Q". To this mixture, each evangelist adds his own material. Because of the tight relationship between these three gospels, they are called "synoptic," which means "with the same eye," which is to say, from the same point of view. But Brown states categorically that the Synoptics were written by the same person! And there is no mention -- not even a dismissive one -- of "Q." It's almost as though she (and presumably Francine) had never heard of it.Brown explores the infancy narratives of Luke and Matthew, noting that each relates different details of the birth of Christ. This, of course, is a legitimate field of inquiry. Should believers attempt to harmonize the accounts -- adding Matthew's Star and Magi to Luke's manger and angels? Are they both, as many scholars believe, legendary accounts that seeks to communicate theological truths via unhistorical accounts? Browne splits the difference by basically dismissing Matthew and accepting Luke. However, she does accept the star stor --  Francine says it was a supernova. And though she accepts the visit of the Magi, she claims that they were local merchants -- not the priestly class of ancient Persia that the word "Magi" indicates. I'm sure this is news to the scholars.Browne's version of the Passion is equally tipsy. She mentions that the gospels are confused because they refer to Jesus as the "Son of God" and as the "Son of Man." Crazy evangelists -- trying to fool us! But Browne seems not to grasp that "Son of Man" is generally understood as a Semitic self-reflective idiom for "this person", i.e., "myself" -- and simultaneously as a reference to the apocalyptic "Son of Man" figure from the book of Daniel.In Browne's understanding, Pilate admired Jesus and wanted to save him, but wanted to preserve peace. Jesus, for his part, knowing that the Jews wanted to kill him, approached Pilate to work out a deal. So Pilate, Jesus, Judas and Joseph of Arimethea conspired (secretly, except for the ever-watchful Francine) to bring Jesus to trial. Pilate's role would be to try to sway the trial Jesus's way. But if that didn't work, he would have Jesus endure a "Crucifixion Lite" which would fool the Jews into thinking he was dead. Then, Jesus would be smuggled out of the country. Browne's idea of the trial is ludicrous. She imagines Pilate as a sympathetic judge in the American tradition who is powerless at the trial to do anything but pass sentence. But as procurator of Judea, Pilate had near-dictatorial powers that were backed up by the Roman legions. Besides, if Pilate wanted peace and planned to let Jesus live anyway, why go through the charade of the mock crucifixion? Why not just smuggle him out of the country in the first place?Browne, desperate for material, pirates plotlines and ideas from all over -- including the "Passover Plot" and "Holy Blood, Holy Grail." She is incredibly lazy, even about historical facts that could be checked with 2 minutes on Google. She claims, for instance, that Mary Magdalene was secretly canonized by the Catholic Church (every gnostic's favorite bug-bear) at the Second Vatican Council in 1969. Too bad for her that the council had been over for four years by then.Brown rejects the Resurrection, claiming that Jesus survived his Crucifixion. His dimwitted disciples, informed of the deception by the "risen" Christ, kept the cover story alive by spending the rest of their lives proclaiming the lie of the Resurrection. Jesus, meanwhile, lived to a ripe old age at his villa in France, raising kids, performing the odd miracle and starting a gnostic church. This is surely more absurd than the idea that Jesus ascended bodily to heaven and that his disciples devoted their lives to spreading the good news of his real return from the dead. Browne serves up every preposterous notion she can think of. The "Beloved Disciple" was a woman (in spite of Jesus's words, "Son, behold your Mother")? No problem! Mary Magdalene was the first pope? Why not? Jesus prayed to a female deity? Natch.The work of scholars is daunting, slow and painstaking. Long hours are spent bent over manuscripts, searching for tiny clues in ancient texts. The meaning of a word may hinge on the shape of a serif, or on a new pottery shard unearthed during highway construction. But while the temptation to find a quicker way to the truth is understandable, shortcuts have not been found. The slow slog continues, grinding down generations of scholars in the relentless pursuit of truth. Sylvia Browne's book makes hash of centuries of scholarly toil. She pretends to give her readers a glimpse into the truth of Jesus's life. Instead she concocts a warped and bizarre version of reality that not only mocks the mission of Christ and the Church that bears his name, but also the Truth for which he stood. Her purpose is not to shine a light on history and to bring her readers to God, but to sow confusion and to line her own pockets. It's a shame that the time is ripe for such nonsense to proliferate. Pathetic
A bone to pick with 'Skeleton Man'!. I've read only a few of Hillerman's previous Leaphorn/Chee novels. I've enjoyed what I've rtead, though they are an acquired taste, and I don't indulge in them very often. I tend to enjoy the earlier, more active years of Joe Leaphorn more interesting than his ' semi-retired unofficial advisor to Jim Chee' phase.From what I gather, 'Skeleton Man' continues a recent trend of disappointment with Hillerman's last few novels. Even without having read the books immediately prior to this one, I can understand that sentiment.'Skeleton Man' starts off with a rather risky premise, tying the story in with the real life collision over the Grand Canyon in 1956. While an author can occasionally pull off a good story with a strong connection to 'real life'(See Nelson De Mille's 'Night Fall'), Hillerman fails here.The story is bogged down with bland and unlikable supporting characters, flimsy motivation, and very little that could really be called 'action'.Chee ends up joining Leaphorn in the background for much of the story.The spiritual and ritualistic aspects of Hillerman's earlier books are, for the most part, glossed over here. Even what should have been a major plot development (Chee's wedding) is overshadowed by Chee have to rescue Manuelito, in the manner of far too many contrived 'Superman rescues Lois' situations.Better to stick with Hillerman's earlier novels. The 'aging athlete past his prime' analogy suits Hillerman, I'm afraid
dumb dumb dumb. Advice on the level of &quot;avoid grizzly bears&quot; and &quot;tigers are dangerous predators&quot;-(actual quotes more or less).  If this is the level of advice you need, this book is for you.  Also recommends catching  and eating tuna and marlin when in a jam. Thanks for the info
Not Worth the Money. Not worth the money.  This puny book doesn't go in depth in any of the subjects regarding photography.  Perhaps a good reference guide for beginners/novices, but not helpful for advanced photographs.  Not worth the hefty $10 price tag, I'm sure you can find something to more wisely spend your money
please do your own research. If you are serious about reading this book, I would strongly reccommend reading David Ray Griffins book at the same time. It shows this report to be a completely politically motivated whitewash. If you havent got the patience for this, then just google "loose change" and watch the video (second edition is better). This is a first step towards the truth
Not a page-turner. In a historical novel, I look for immersion in another place and time, and involvement with characters that I can care about. For me, Trent has not succeeded in either of these areas.Although the author has a good grasp of our sketchy historical knowledge of the events in Alexandria in the early fifth century, I don't get the sense that he has done much research on the broader history of this fascinating time -- to say nothing of the geography. The basics are all in place: the brilliant philosopher Hypatia, the Great Library, the religious turmoil, the tension between church and state. But there's little in the way of detail to give you the sense of being there, and as often as not the detail is wrong. For example, the desert ascetics did not wear brown (the pagan sources are full of vilification of black-robed monks). Governors and bishops travelled in carriages with large retinues, not alone in chariots like characters from "A Funny Thing Happened on the Way to the Forum." (The "chariot" used by Hypatia is more likely to have been something like a sulky.) And no one ever met a woman by being asked to dance, because the Romans did not engage in social dancing. As for the geography, I'm still trying to figure out how you can get a view of the Nile from the western wall of Alexandria, which itself lies west of the delta -- and Antioch was certainly not in Persia!Trent's writing is fluid enough, and occasionally there's a vivid and memorable image, but he has a poor ear for diction and often chooses words that are jarring or even incorrect. For instance, from a scene where a minor character visits her husband's grave: "She descended the broken steps to the fence. _What am I doing?_ she screamed." (The underscores signify italics, which the author uses for characters' thoughts.) "Screamed" hardly seems the word to express inner doubts, but it's typical of the clumsy way in which Trent tries to inject life into his characters.Indeed, we spend far too much time in the heads of the characters as they verbalize their thoughts and feelings. Not only does this fail to bring them to life (it mostly just makes them annoying); it also slows the pace of the action to a crawl.Hypatia herself is an uneasy mixture of intellectual, political, and emotional ingredients that never coalesce into a character we can care deeply about. Indeed, the book as a whole never makes up its mind whether it's a novel of ideas or a romance, as the perspective shifts between the major players  discussing philosophy, religion, and politics, and various love affairs or infatuations.Many of the problems of this book could have been cleared up by a good editing, but as is too often the case these days, that stage of production seems to have been skipped. (How else would we see "palate" for "palette" and "reigns" for "reins"?) As it is, we have an ambitious effort by someone who simply lacks the writing skills to carry it off.
A terrible letdown. I was so excited when a friend (knowing how much I'd loved "The Secret Life of Bees") sent me a copy of "The Mermaid Chair." That excitement was dampened a bit when I read the story synopsis-- as a Catholic, I'm heartily tired of stories involving monks, priests or nuns having illicit affairs. Deciding to give Kidd the benefit of the doubt, however, I plowed ahead and started reading.My initial opinion of the writing was poor, and it remained as such throughout the tome. In "Bees," Kidd wrote magically-- her words were as almost as sweet as the honey she penned about. This mermaid tale, however, was a completely different animal-- the style was totally altered, almost as though it was written by another (and much less talented) author. Basically, it didn't flow; it moreorless limped from chapter to chapter.I also found the main character very hard to like or root for. I didn't mind that she was having a midlife crisis-- some people have their most interesting experiences as a result of such inner conflict-- but her reaction to it was childish, petulant and ultimately harmful to her supposed loved ones. For example, instead of telling her husband what's on her mind (a husband who, incidentally, is described as nothing but genial and accommodating), she runs away and has an affair. I would've been much more inspired by this character if she'd channeled her passionate energies into something else, something bold and brave and true-- NOT avoiding her husband (as though he, not she, were the reason her artistic aspirations were frozen) and having sex with a monk.And yes, my reservations about reading a story involving a religious having sex were not without merit. I was particularly disgusted when, during one of their romps together, she tasted "the wine" in his mouth left over from Mass. Catholics believe that during the course of Mass, the wine changes into Christ's blood, so you can understand why I found that passage really quite offensive and sacriligious. And maybe that's why, when I grimly finished the book shortly thereafter, I deposited it in the wastebasket rather than in a donation pile-- I would hate to pass such a story on.All in all, I found nothing to praise in this book, nothing that inspired me as "Bees" did, nothing that made me nod and smile and feel enriched afterward. Instead, I was by turns bored, irritated and offended. I didn't expect a "Bees" copycat, but I did expect, when leafing through those pages, to feel the magic again. It just didn't happen
Not for anyone who loves P&amp;P. This book is really not worth reading if you like Jane Austin.  I agree with the editorial reviewer who said that it is a restatement of the P&amp;P plot with different characters.  What fan of P&amp;P would believe what the authors tell us happens to Caroline Bingley and Mary Bennet?  Both were totally out of JA's character creation.  It just doesn't make sense.  I love the idea of a sequal to P&amp;P because I want to know more and more about the characters, especially Georgiana, but this was not even close to what would have happened had JA written it
Tries, but fails. (...)I found myself constantly wondering just how brave is it to tell men everything they want to hear, how rebellious to promote the by-men for-men commercialized sex industry, how courageous to reaffirm that there's no need to change or examine our sexuality so long as we unthinkingly  act out our culturally-produced desires (especially the capitalist ones where shopping=liberated female sexuality.)Fluffy, shallow, and not very much in-depth feminist critique.
thought provoking but unconvincing!. I received this book from my brother, who in these past years has taken an interest in the Roman Catholic Church, which we were both baptized in. At the age of sixteen, I gave my life to Christ at an Evangelical Church, and have never reconsidered going back to the Roman Catholicism. I read this book because it was my first encounter of an evangelical converting to Roman Catholicism. After reading his conclusions, I was unconvinced of his findings.  I do understand that this is not a comprehensive work evaluating the differences of Catholicism and Evangelicalism; but even so, I find that his reasons for his conversion were unpersuasive. I also understand that Dr. Hahn spent several years debating and intense study of the claims of Roman Catholicism.  He states that he spent many hours pouring over texts, and for the sake of his auto-biography, does not expound upon how he reached many of his discoveries, except through distilled conclusions about various issues that have divided Evangelicals and Catholics for these past centuries. The book presents many evangelical views as mere "straw men", easily blown down by the author.Contrary to the author's conclusion, stronger reasons exist for Reformed Theology and Evangelicalism, and are not as easily dismissable as the author presents in his book.For those that have converted, Dr. Hahn expresses their experiences well, and I was moved by the author's claims for abandoning evangelicalism for catholicism. I became less ecumencal as a result, and have become more embedded in the Protestant faith. I gave the book two stars because it does present certain verses that support Catholic doctrines that many Protestants have not considered, and caused me to study the Patristics more.
There has to be better... I admire O'Reilly books for their uncanny ability to hook me into a lot of advance technologies.  I desperately need to get a handle on sendmail for basic configuration, so naturally I come to O'Reilly.I investigated this book several times, and though it looks like a great awesome and essential reference, it simply does nothing for those trying to get off the ground.  I think it is only for advanced and seasoned sendmail administrators, but for those trying to get a handle on sendmail, this is not the book.In contrast, I have books on postfix and exim mail systems by O'Reilly and these books are decent in getting you started.  I am saddened that this is mainly a reference and not like other O'Reilly books.  The book could have been called "send mail, the definitive reference"
Some will find this useful. Those who are engaged in the old 19th century assembly-line "teachers pour knowledge into kids' heads" education model may get some use out of this book. It actually does have a few nuggets of insight, but you have to wade through a lot of eye-glazing jargon and BS to get to them. But I have to wonder at the big picture here.It's no wonder, that kids who have their reading material chosen for them, who have to read the material using a filter prepared for them by the teacher from the latest edu-fads, who are to put sticky yellow notes through the text and regurgitate what the teacher apparently wants to hear... it's no wonder the stereotypical exclamation of a graduating teenager is, "I'll never crack a book again!" One suspects the great authors of the world never were subjected to "strategies that work" when they were children.I feel sorry for these kids
the plot itself could make a movie on Lifetime or Oxygen. do yourself a favor - don't waste your time with this book
Sappy Romance. It is my own fault, really.  I'm not a sappy, romance novel type of person.  I was cooped up with a cold, and I borrowed this book from my mother.  I did finish the book, which is about three different love stories, with all the stories based in Texas.  I found the characters to be 2 dimensional, and I found the murder mystery actually very silly.  I also found several grammar mistakes.  I would not recommend this book.
One Star is Too Many. WWJD has some good advice here and there: a little mystery and privacy is more intriguing than telling all, it's not all about you, practice noblesse oblige. At the same time, a woman can't let herself be treated like a doormat. All are sound principles.The book even has a chapter on investing. But with what? An average gal--even many above-average gals--can't afford the Brahmin lifestyle Jackie led and that the authors seem to take for granted. Solution: marry a wealthy man (even if he's a philanderer), "not a dentist from New Jersey." One has to wonder what a man would think of a woman who loved this book.Jackie apparently knew when to tone down the appearance of great wealth: she wore simple clothing at her publishing job, for example. The authors don't seem to know when to quit going on about money and things, though. The topic permeates every paragraph. They may point out that money won't buy class, but the idea they get across is that it will make most of the payments on it.For etiquette advice, I prefer "Miss Manners' Guide to Excruciatingly Correct Behavior" by Judith Martin.
Wealth and Poverty of Nations--Adam Smith. The book never arrived--Instead I was sent (3 months later) a small paperback entitled "Helping Children Accept Themseves and Others" from Better World Books.Perhaps Adam Smith would agree that this is the market at work but in the future "Better World Books" will not be my market
You either like it or hate it. This text is very eccentric. I had to read it for an English class, and there was a mix of different reviews. Some loved it, some hated. I myself could not get through all of it (though I did make it to page 223). I suppose that the best way to tackle this novel is to realize that narrative is a big part of it, as well as is magic realism. The line between fact and fiction almost does not exist here. Logic cannot be applied when reading this novel. What is fact, what is fiction? Try to not distinguish the two while reading it and you may find yourself getting through it much more smoothly than I did.
Not Laymon's Best. To me, Richard Laymon's books read like early 80's slasher films.  Not exactly high-art, pretty misogonystic, and ultra-violent.  Some people, like me, like this type of film and book, but this one just doesn't really do it for me.First of all, it's really two novels in one.  I kinda don't understand why that author just didn't make this into two books.  I think it would have worked better.  We don't need any Tarantino-esque plot melding in the literary equivalent of a Friday the 13th film.Also, as with all of Laymon's novels, but especially in this one, the female characters are ridiculous.  They are always wearing next to nothing, they always want to have sex with strangers, they're always beautiful.  It seems like a lot of horror authors, especially Laymon, create female characters to be like what they wish most women were like.  I know it's "fiction" but come on.Additionally, every time a character in the novel comes across another person, their first thought is that the other person is a serial killer rapist.  When I'm out hiking, or walking down the street, and I run across another group of hikers or pedestrians, I don't automatically think "thank god I brought my gun because these people are going to sodomize and mutilate my girlfriend."  Laymon must have been one paranoid guy.  I don't know, maybe it's just me.It's also pretty slow and devoid of suspense until the end of the novel(s).  Nothing, and I mean nothing, (not even any successful character development) happens within the first 200 pages.Also, the word "breast" or "nipple" appears at least once every three pages.  Seriously.It's redeeming quality is that is does deliver the splatterpunk goods before all is said and done.  Still, not recommended. Pick up "Night in the Lonesome October" as a much better example of what Laymon is capable of
Disappointing. I've enjoyed the Inspector Banks series in the past (particularly "Final Account" which had a great twist in the last few pages), but "Innocent Graves" is all talk and very little pay-off.  Banks himself continues to be an interesting character, and Robinson's writing is never less than superb, but this particular mystery was a big "who cares?" for me.  The mystery itself isn't really much of a mystery and its solution has more to do with blind luck and a piece of evidence that just happens to appear, like a deus ex machina at the last moment, than it does with any brilliant deduction on Banks's part.  "Innocent Graves" seems far more interested in the psychology of the suspects (one in particular, whose story concludes in an all too predictable fashion) than in satisfying its readers with a great solution to the crime.  I've always found this kind of mystery a bit of a bore; give me a couple of corpses and some brilliant twists and I'm happy.  There are a couple of corpses here, but no twist; just a far too unbelievable and uninteresting ending
Genealogy and geneaology but no internet. The title of this book is a bit deceptive. It doesn't focus much on the computer aspect of genealogy; instead it primarily sticks to traditional how-to material for beginning genealogists.Also, the computer related material is designed for the never-picked-up-a-mouse-before neophyte. If you have any computer experience at all, skip this book &amp; get one on genealogy basics.  You are better off exploring your software and the internet for yourself
I wanted Al Bielek, got Morris K Jessup and Allende instead. Bottom line:  I like Al Bielek's version of the PX better.  This one is more to the original story.  I like Al Bielek's personal account of time traveling.  This book is more about the &quot;facts&quot; of the account.  No Al Bielek in this book
What's all the fuss?. Perry's has been gathering dust on my bookshelf at home for years. I always think of it as the book to go to if you want to NOT find the answer to something. In my 20 year career and in my PE test effort, the only thing I ever used it for was to look up properties of substances. It is NOT friendly to the working engineer, since it quickly veers into arcane academic territory on every subject, or else is too general to be useful. This is a serious review of this book by a ChE PE, but I know this review will get panned by all, not because it is not useful, but because you do not agree with it
Really bad ending. I liked this book up until the ending.  I expected the judges to be released and taken care of one by one which would have been predictable (it's what I thought was going to happen), but at least satisfying and believable considering the power Grisham gave the CIA throughout this entire book.  Instead, the ending was quite disappointing and pretty much ruined the book for me
Save a tree. The book is the total chaos, alas, very boring one. I had to return it. So much paper out there waisted. Save the tree
Disgusting. Harv keeps saying how great the book is going to be, and I was stupid enough to keep reading all the way to the end....and found out there was nothing.  Just a worthless rant
I don't believe it--an Elizabeth Peters book I didn't like!. Elizabeth Peters is one of my top 5 favorite authors ever.  However, this book is really bad.  I couldn't even finish it, and I really hate to stop in the middle of a book.  If you haven't read this yet, don't; read _The Crocodile on the Sandbank_ instead.  If you've already read this, please don't judge Ms Peters by this work.  I urge you to give her another shot, because _The Camelot Caper_ is well below the quality of her other books.
I have never hated a book more than I hate Ransom. The majority of this book is empty exposition.  People move about meaningless lives without purpose.  The "protagonist" merely drifts through a life which offers him a potential to engage at every turn, which he either doesn't recognize, actively avoids.  When he IS finally forced to take action, the plot is cliche, but you figure, you hope, you PRAY that it will be redeemed by something in the end.  Meanwhile you've got an antagonist that was lifted almost directly from The Karate Kid.  The "twist" ending never validates a single one of the pages you've wasted your life reading, and ultimately adds up to a useless stack of paper with no soul or meaning.True Story: The moment I finished reading this book, I stood up, strolled across the lunchroom, and threw it into the garbage can, so no one would ever need waste brain cells on its pages again.I hate Ransom like I hate Illinois Nazis.  Read ANYTHING else
One of the Worst Books in History. Okay, you may think that I do not appreciate the so-called classics, but I have to be honest--I simply cannot stand this book. The language is so bad, and even the ending is horrible. The only good thing I can say about the whole thing is that it's very short. It's only a few chapters long, and that's it.I read this book with my English class in high school, and reading it once was more than enough for me. Not to diss John Steinbeck or anything like that, but this book is one of the worst books in all of literature. I don't even understand why they call this lame piece of work a "classic".
Like a text book. I have a large interest in this subject, but the book was like a text book to me, instead of a story teller.  Could just be me.
Very Average. As a purchasing professional, I turned to this book to gain insight to new or advanced purchasing practices that might help me in my work and I was very enthusiastic about the book when I began reading it.  Instead of new knowledge, I found repetitive stories about the mass production environments in the automotive and related industries.  Although some new thoughts or ideas were presented, I did not feel as if this book taught me anything novel or cutting edge.  It is simply a repeat of purchasing concepts that can be found in many other operations or supply chain books flavored with managerial buzz words and the self-glorifying personal success stories of the authors and the companies they work for.  If you work in a job shop environment or for a small to medium size business, this book is virtually useless.  If you are in a huge mass production environment with a large budget, it might be of some value, but my guess is that you would already be familiar with the concepts presented
No real content. I wanted this book to tell me something I could actually use. It is so lacking in any kind of real content. The chapter on building a studio says: &quot;You will need one. They cost anywhere form $10,000 to $100,000&quot;. OK, but that's all it tells you! This whole book screams out to me the same  way a 1980's TV infomercial does, where they tell you if you sit there  through the commerical they're going to give you the precise secrets,  step-by-step to buying real estate with no money down. Then you wait  through the commercial and you're dissapointed that the steps they give you  are: &quot;You face your dreams and grab hold of the winds of opportunity  and meet the challanges of tomorrow!&quot; That's what this book is. It's  full of pictures of the author saying &quot;Look at me as a disc jockey.  Here I am in an anonther important session.&quot; The section on how to  interpret copy says: &quot;Know your copy. You should be able to get it in  several takes. You might mess of up some words cause you are human.&quot;  But what about HOW to interpret the copy?  Such lack of anything you can  use from a book with such an ambitious title. Instead of giving specific,  helpful techniques on how to interpret scripts or what exactly you'll need  for your home studio, the author wastes page after page displaying  photocopies of his big paychecks. This in a book of only 79 pages of  &quot;content&quot; to begin with, and very large double spaced type. Sorry  to be so honest here, but there are so many books already on the market on  this subject with real content. Real how-to. I wanted to praise a book that  gives insite on what the cover suggests &quot;You can make up to $250,000  and up per year.&quot; Instead, this is a lot of &quot;Grab the winds of  change and face a handful of tomorrows and you'll be cool like me, and look  at the photocopies of my big paychecks!&quot; This is just an homage to the  author's very large ego. I feel VERY ripped-off
A one-sided view. I read most of the book last night and was disturbed by several things - The author deliberately blurs the line between "Arab" and "Muslim." He calls non-Arabs "whites," and makes whites sound like low class, trailer trash, uneducated red necks. Aren't Arabs white? I was offended that he mentioned Danny Thomas as an example of all the fine Arab people who have come to US to find a better life. Yes, Danny Thomas was Arab, but not a Muslim. Maharidge quotes an Arab comedian as saying that there's so much discrimination against Arabs. But unless they point out that they are an Arab, how would one even know? How can you treat someone different, unless they point out how different they are?I have personal involvement in two of the stories quoted in the book, and know that facts presented are incorrect. I think it's grossly incompetent and irresponsible for an author to present a work of nonfiction without verifying his information.Knowing that some of the facts are wrong, I would look at the rest of the book with reservation. Maharidge treats those he perceives to be the underdog with sympathy, but paints those who speak against them as ignorant, uneducated bigots.Maharidge's premise that contemporary America dangerously resembles the Weimar Republic, or "Heimat," that led to Nazi Germany is an oversimplification of the current government of the US.  This proposition is deliberately anti-administration, inflamatory, and a grab for publicity.
Reader Beware!. Save your valuable time and steer clear of this train wreck!  Worse yet, you could be making the biggest mistake of your life if you make an important decision based on Retirement Places Rated.Sorry, but I get upset after having my time and money wasted, and just need to vent.I've spent a career in corporate relocation, and find myself stunned at most of the recommendations.  The book's choices usually fall into the following categories; unaffordable, uninteresting, uninhabitable, unsafe, unpleasant, unhealthy, or uncomfortable.On top of the flawed and biased reviews that might have been researched from chamber of commerce web sites, the book's layout requres endless page flipping to get the full profile of each city.And yes, I said biased.  As a West Coaster, where are the cities west of the Rockies?  There are very few included, representing a strong East Coast leaning, maybe because the author sticks to what he can drive to.Please, Mr. Savageau, invest in a Jet Blue ticket and take a trip out here.  Spend some time out here, in person, and maybe you'll avoid mistakes like your #1 choice - Florence, Oregon.I asked an associate from the Northwest about this town as the nation's top retirement spot, and she laughed, "Retire there?  I don't even like to drive through Florence!  Has this guy ever been there?"Good question!
Antiquated text has been long surpassed... There is no reason to inflict this text on yourself. If you are looking for a primer, or at least a solid piercing of the semiological membrane, there are far superior works, such as the wonderful Semiology: The Basics by Daniel Chandler or Structural Poetics by Culler. This book, it seems to me, was meant as a fast and loose refrence for a class or a seminar: it rarely defines its terms, it seems disorganized and it is very dry, just listing method without any reason why one should be interested. The other two books, in particular Basics, were written long after Elements and thus are much more incompassing, including theory and practice, and Basics by Chandler even has a glossary at the back. Bartes may be the man, but this is definitly not the book; but, if your a Bartes completist, already well initiated into the world of Semiology and Structuralism, then by all means pick it up. Anyone else, steer clear
Snarky not funny. Bryson is a pretty good writer. His prose is flowing and very easy to read. This book is 300 pages and I read it in 3 days.My complaint is his lousy attitude toward people. He made fun of just about everyone but gave his most scathing comments to overweight woman. Plus, this is a book about traveling across America. I don't mind Americans complaining about what's wrong here. I do it myself occasionally. I don't mind people in other countries criticizing the USA. I make judgments about other countries, some unflattering. But there is something grating about Americans living in other countries coming back to travel the USA and taking potshots at our way of life and poking fun at the working poor. Stay in England if it's so bad here
Please read this before buying The Right Stuff. If you want to know the truth about the time and people portrayed in this book try reading Lost Astronaut or one of dozens of other books written by the astronauts and the people closest to them at the time. There are many many excellent books. I have had the pleasure to read most of them. THIS IS A MOVIE at best and a LIE at worst. I hope Tom made lots of money.
LUCKY LOSER  0 STARS. First off anybody who knows anythying about poker will tell you chris moneyfaker is a lucky FLUKE in the world of poker. If you actually watched the 2003 WSOP which i did you will see the definition of RIVERRAT is chris moneyfaker.  He caught every lucky card on the turn and the river and should have been elimanated early like the scrub he is.  Even the announcers in 2005 refer to him a a fluke. I did not read this book because i have been playing NL HOLD'EM for many years and can say for a fact that i'm a better player then the lucky loser and i real books like SKLANSKY'S THE THEORY OF POKER OR BRUNSON'S SUPER SYSTEM these are books written by the real deals not some SCRUB AS* LOSER who catches lucky cards.  I will end this review by saying anyone who actually thinks chris moneyfaker is a real poker player knows nothing about poker and trust me ten years from now see how many WSOP BRACELETS this fake lucky loser has.  Guarantee it wont be 9 or 10 like doyle brunson,phill helmuth or johhny chan have who actually know how to play the game.  The only reason this book was written is to profit of IDIOTS who Don't know how to play poker and hope to win the WSOP one day by PURE LUCK AND finally move out of there trailer
Brave New Attempt. The main virtue of this book is that it presents all of the arguments in favor of an atheist worldview in one place.The two-star rating reflects the author's clearly disingenuous representation of his knowledge about Christianity. For example: (page 18) "Christianity, therefore, defines ethics in terms of an individual's religious beliefs (which affect no one else) rather than in terms of unselfish conduct toward others." As the author perfectly well knows, this is an absurd and unworthy representation of the Christian view of ethics: Christians take their lead on ethics from Jesus, who could not have described more clearly how we are to behave toward others.A technique deployed extensively in the book is the use of terms such as "many Christian fundamentalists" and "politically active TV evangelists" not in the restricted sense in which they are relevant, but with the clear inference that the attitudes and behaviors of such minorities are representative of Christians as a whole. The most widely used such expression in the book, however, is "creationists" - a term I have never heard anyone claiming to represent their worldview, but which the author sets up as if it were the mainstream Christian position. Now I don't mean to deny that most Christians believe that God created the universe, but the author extrapolates this in exotic ways:(page 86) "God is now portrayed as more passive in His supervision of Nature - often watching from the sidelines as Nature operates on Her own." (This describes the entirely non-Christian Deist position)(page 70) "Creationists often claim that the laws of physics govern the behavior of the universe" - this is the exact opposite of Christians' belief that God governs the universe and that the "laws of physics" are just a human construct useful for describing natural phenomena.(page 122) "Creationists, however, view scientific debate and disagreement as signs of weakness. Creationism therefore ridicules open-mindedness and scoffs at the free exchange of ideas so essential to a democratic society and to the scientific method itself." - Tell that to the likes of John Polkinghorne, Bill Craig and Roy Varghese, whose books honestly represent opposing views, using science correctly and in its proper context.The most prevalent approach deployed by atheists (and Mills is no exception) is to use their perception of what God would or would not do in any given situation to argue that no such God exists. (Actually Mills goes one further and suggests how Jesus might better have used the special powers that Mills denies he had!) The problem of pain is perhaps the lowest-hanging fruit for such an approach, and Mills uses it fully in support of his atheist stance. Truly, I understand the problem of reconciling the amount of evil on the world with the idea that there is an entirely good God presiding over us, but the mere fact that it is difficult to do so proves nothing. Mills seems to think that God should somehow intervene to prevent anything that could cause pain or suffering - perhaps even to render people incapable of acting in such a way. Isn't it remarkable that the genre of people (atheists) who more than any other feel that we should be responsible for our own actions are ready to invoke the argument that a good God would intervene at every possible opportunity to deny our free will. I do not pretend to be wise enough to discern God's purposes, but the solutions proposed by Mills (and others) for how God should really act (apart from being utterly arrogant) are self-evidently nonsense.One of the most popular targets for atheists is what Mills devotes a chapter to under the title "The Myth of Hell". Apparently, Mills can see no possibility of Hell, though he does consider several ideas about why God might create Hell: Deterrence, Separation, and Rehabilitation. Now again, I intend no inference that I suppose to know what God's purpose might be, but it seems that Mills has missed the obvious possibility - which is that Hell is what those who reject God freely choose. After all, wouldn't the Christian idea of heaven, with everyone worshipping God, be "hell" for atheists - so wouldn't they naturally choose a place where materialism is all there is?I would love to say that I respect the atheist worldview, but I simply do not. If there is no God, there is absolutely no basis on which we can differentiate between good and evil; no moral absolutes; none in fact of the things that atheists rely on to argue their position.
*sigh*. This is not the Spring-Heeled Jack that jumped really high and spat blue flames in England. Not the evil Spring-Heeled Jack that all of us paranormalists love. They just totally changed Jack's personality! How frustrating
Not the same as the movie!. I thought I was ordering the book that the movie was based upon.  I quickly discovered that I had not.  However, I decided to read it anyway.  This book is a sequel to another Patterson book.  The book was not the usual Patterson quality and was likely an attempt to capitalize on the success of the preceding one.
Lance Armstrong glorifies himself again. If you are interested in reading this text, be prepared for another journey into the ego-centric world of a man who has decided to define himself as a champion. He relays many events that are handle-bar gripping, and of course he is characteristically self-agrandising about his own accomplishments -- detailing his efforts as if they were anything more than the other wonderful riders in the Tour de France. Basically, Lance Armstrong succeeds because of his teammates -- his team is the champion, receiving very little credit from Lance. I was appalled at his lack of humility and his lack of generosity to the other athletes in the various races. It takes more than a self-appointed race winner to make a champion -- it takes a man with humility, generosity of heart and spirit, and most of all it takes a man. Lance Armstrong is no man or champion -- he is a &quot;me, myself, and I&quot; sort of athlete -- not a cycling champion. Read &quot;Gred Lemond's Complete Book of Cycling&quot; if you would like to read about a real man and a real champion
Irony. I just find it deeply ironic that there seems to be such an effort to accomodate a Jew who has become Buddhist and insists that this is not a violation of her "Yiddishkeit", and the opposition to Jews who choose to believe in Jesus and yet remain Jewish
Dont waste your time. I would have givin this book a 0 star but that option wasnt availabe.This author really needs to do his research all over again.For instace on page 7 he talks about the "7 pillars of islam"when actually there only is 5 PILLARs in Islam.This might not seem like a big deal but througout this book you find little lies here and there.And by the time you finish the book it turns into one big lie.The author mentions that Saddam gassed his people but FAILS to mention that it was our government of the USA that supplied it to him.He protrays Bush and his administration as heros bet he feels dumb now after we found no WMDs and that we screwed the whole nation up.For some truth read "forbidden truth".And also read the PNAC doctrine.Dont waste your time with this book
Not well done. CoT is a rather disjointed attempt at a historical narrative that I strongly suspect was culled from a dozen or so different journals from settlers. This is not well done history and a rather tiresome read. I found it amazing that there was almost no discussion of the culture or way of life of the aborigines. The discussion of the English settlers seems to focus on sex and punishment. What about the organization of the colony? How did the colonists manage their day-to-day lives to survive those first worst years?For anyone who has a serious interest in history, CoT misses the mark by a wide margin. Not recommended
A fantasy. Kimmerling and Migdal are correct in saying that Arabic-speaking people have lived in the Levant since the early days of Islam.  Some Arab tribes were in the region even earlier.  But I'm not so sure what this proves.  Germanic-speaking people have lived in various parts of Europe for quite a while as well.  But it still is neither reasonable nor proper to give Arabic-speakers or German-speakers a right to swipe land by gobbling up small neighboring nations.Kimmerling and Migdal show a tendency to repeat some of Arafat's absurd and arbitrary untruths as if they were valid.  Reading this book, you would get the idea that unprovoked attacks ordered by Arafat were somehow spontaneous and provoked by Israel.However, there is a deeper problem with the whole idea of such a book.  Namely, are we taking a few thugs and misrepresenting them as leaders of a "people?"  Surely, we would not call the Ku Klux Klan a "people."  Nor the "Aryan Nation."The authors ought to have been more serious about their language.  Are the Arabs of the Levant truly a people, such as, say, the Hungarians, who have a language, traditions, a foreign policy, and so forth?  With impeccable national credentials?  Of course not.  Are these Arabs more like the Mormons, a group that in the nineteenth century clearly lacked national credentials but were prepared to consider their options, including an option to take advantage of nationhood and behave like a nation?  Or are they more like the Sudetens, who in the 1930s became a manifest fraud for the purpose of depriving Czechs of their rights, all in the name of German nationalism and Empire?This book is not a contribution to a scholarly assessment of such questions.  It's just propaganda for use in a war against the rights of non-Arabs in the Levant.
Not an unbiased review of current theories. I have to agree with most of the previous negative reviews for this book with one caveat - if you are all ready knowledgeable in this area and want Thompson's view then it does the job.While I sympathize with those giving the book a high rating on the grounds that controversial research into matters biblical should not be "silenced" as a result of negative reviews, I think that 5 star ratings should be reserved for truly great works, such as those by Raymond Brown, and "A Marginal Jew" by Meier.While Thompson may be a scholar the book does not reflect that.  He does not review current mainstream thinking, he does not seem to be aware of textual analysis of the bible, and appears to be willing to apply distorting "spin" to try to make his point, often to  the point of absudity.  One example - According to Thompson a "law" is only a "law" if passed by a democratic assembly - laws created by "despots" (including God) are not laws.  This is just plain stupid, a law is a law, the main issue being whether a regime follows the laws and applies them consistently (human despots often do not rigorously follow and apply the law).Thompson appears to be asserting that the "Jews", with the traditions defined in the Hebrew Bible, were created "ex nihlo" in 200 BCE, which were (apparently) all stories (more specifically State propaganda) created at that time.  While the Hebrew Bible may be not be historical, textual evidence indicates an earlier date for many, with a number of redactions over a long period of time.  Furthermore compared to real stories (such as Job, the Epic of Giglamesh, etc.) these "stories" (such as Levitcus and Numbers) just don't stack up as a good read (unless you do a significant job of editing).Furthermore Thompson does not address in any detail some key issues:1) The development of Hebrew (when, where)2) The rejection of the female consort of God (based on Thompson the female consort was normative in the cultures)3) Circumcision4) If these are all stories, why these specific stories?In any event I cannot recommend spending money on this book unless you are a student of Biblical history and must have a copy for your collection
this book is a total scam. Please do not waste your money on this badly written, infomercial of a book.Most of the book is about how everything around you is bad for you. The water you drink, wash in, air you breathe, food you eat, medicines you take, etc. Almost everything you can think of the author says is bad for you. The author spends most of the book repeating him-self over and over. He advises everybody to stop taking all drugs and stop seeing doctors. When the book finally gets to how to treat yourself "naturally" the author directs you to sign up for his web site.There is one especially ridiculous section in the book. The author says he knows a natural healer who has a special machine which keeps you balanced. The machine can monitor you 24/7 and rebalance you even when you're somewhere else.My whole life I have been very weary of doctors and the pills they hand out. Doctors have made me sicker than helped me. The problem is that the author says that everyone should stop going to doctors and stop taking medications. There are a lot of people I know with cancer, aids, muscular dystrophy, parkinsons disease that would die or get very ill if they stopped taking their medications.
Lost me halfway through the book. After reading David Morehouse's Psychic Warrior and a couple of Russel Targ books and having an interest in remote viewing particularly in going ahead in years, I decided to try this book. I couldn't relate to how by remote viewing he could come up with such very extensive predictions. Even the very near future, seven years since he wrote the book, the predictions for this period were either far off or something that was already in the works in 1998 on the hits. The book was a great disappointment.  I still believe in remote viewing but I think his imagination took over in his attempt at predicting the future in this book
Victims ignored. As usual, this book ignores the 16-20 million non Jewish victims of the holocaust. This is very disappointing. The holocaust is not exclusively to Jews-as historians have portrayed it. What about the 7 million Ukraines? MIllions of Polish, prisoners of war, crippled, handicapped...I guess historians view their lives as less valuable
This is not reason, it is ideology. The underlying premise of this book (democracy = good, tyranny and slavery = bad) is obviously sympathetic. You can't go wrong with that these days, on a fundamental level.What Hanson has done with this, though, is utterly inexcusable. He's taken every fact and twisted and tortured it until it fits so that each of the people surveyed can be painted in pure black and white, as unambiguous heroes and titans among men. It doesn't matter that Patton took over an army already on the verge of breaking a badly-battered German army, or that the reason Sherman was able to burn his away across the South was because Grant was going toe-to-toe with the only dangerous Confederate army in Virginia. No, in each case, Hanson's favorite guy was entirely responsible for victory, and he manages to twist the contributions of others into proof of their incompetance. It's like, you know, Grant was completely stalled out by Lee! He couldn't get anything done at all! Meanwhile Sherman was doing all the real damage! That Grant guy was a total loser. Or ... before Patton showed up, all the British and Americans were doing was uselessly battering themselves against the Germans! It took Patton's genius to achieve the breakout where those losers were just getting people killed and wasting time!This stuff is beyond the pale, really. It's intellectually dishonest. It's not history. It's history twisted and tortured to support an ideological bias.The shame of it is that this is a really interesting topic. Sherman and Patton anyway were real people, ambiguous and conflicted. Patton in fact was probably a nut (and even many of his fans would probably not disagree on this point), but he was a nut who could motivate troops. And I personally always do feel conflicted about what we've done and what has happened in fighting some nasty wars: the fireboming of Dresden, the nuclear bombing of Hiroshima and Nagasaki, Sherman's march to the sea, the genocide of the Native Americans, My Lai, and Abu Grahib. What I want is someone to really look into these things and tell my why free and democratic nations which claim to have strong principles do these things. I don't need someone telling me "it's OK, our society is great, it was all in rightous anger, it had to be done, and anyway, they were all bad guys.
It's kinda funny, but pointless to the point of upsetting. I'm a HUGE fan of the Simpsons. But forty pages into this book I realized this kind of humor is A LOT funnier as a cartoon. I just found it frustrating how senseless and absurd the whole story is. It's like having to read a Leslie Neilson spoof. I just got tired of characters with two brain cells. There's no straight man to anchor the insanity. Every character is as brain dead as the main character Burley. It's too much like having to read a Looney Toons cartoon. I recommend you pick up Chris Genoa's "FOOP" instead. It's just as funny as this book, but much smarter
totally dissapointed. 1st you can't see any of the tattoos, the photos are blurry and the descriptions of the tattoos are either incomplete, wrong or just not there.  It was more like a copy of The National Inquirer on what the stars like to eat for breakfast.  It had nothing to do with tattoos or what they mean.  I was really dissapointed and wouldn't recommend it to anyone
Not her best. I think Taft would have been more believable if the story was actually written by a black man.  I think it's arrogant for Patchett to think she can write in a black man's voice.  I loved The Patron Saint of Liars, but Taft was a bit of a mess
Horrible. Not even getting out of the second chapter I've run across more than a dozen typos and other errors.  If I had known there were so many I would have marked them all and sent them to the publisher.  Some topics are not even covered.  I have thrown this book away and bought the Sybex 70-290 study guide instead...Sybex Study Guides are the best I've found.If you want to learn this information correctly, do NOT use this book.  Their technical editor should be fired
Could have been so much better. This book started out good with clear writing and a scary killer, but, it came to a too easy to figure out conclusion.  And, at 386 pages, it is way too long for a mystery!  It should have ended sooner.  After a certain point it dragged on.  The author is a reporter and I thought that maybe he gets paid by the word!  The female lead was somewhat unbelievable with her romantic abandon, considering her position in the community and in that era.  If I come across the second book, I hope that it is a shorter, more suspenseful read.
A Let Down. I bought this book because I wanted to read the Gospel Of Thomas. What I got was Elaine Pagels recollections of the Catholic Church and a short history. All of which would have been fine if I was not looking to read the Gospel of Thomas. Other wise it is not a horrible book, just not what I was in the market for.
Bad. Really Really boring, don't think anyone should waste their time reading this garbage.  Horrible
NOT to be recommended!. The book is written to comprehend easily, yet touches but the surface of English grammar, badly! Jane Straus is a personal coach, and has got nothing to do with the English language on a professional level, which is a real downer when opening the book. Probably the only reason for publishing it would be that she owns the publishing company.Some of the rules she gives are downright nonsense, such as those for apostrophes for plurals of abbreviations. Moreover, the difference between lie and lay has nothing to do with grammar - even though it is discussed unter the item "grammar", and the same applies to the difference in meaning between effect and affect. Those are lexicographic and belong in a dictionary.A plus in the book definitely is the number of examples per item, yet a major minus is the simplicity of the rules; they state the obvious and that's it!For people who are learning English as a foreign language (having trouble with the grammar), this book might be valuable, but for those of you who are looking for a thorough review of English grammar and punctuation (with tricky cases), please buy another book
Whewww!  Not For Me . . . A friend of mine, who is an avid reader of many types of literature like me, highly recommended this book.  I made it about fifty pages before the confusion, depression, and disinterest forced me to cast it aside.  The book just made me disoriented and tired.
Who believes this?. This novel is absolute dreck, at the best. I don't think I could ever pick up another Grisham novel without vomiting. Pelican Brief was Okay. But, I honestly cannot read him again, because of this.The reason for this one star rating is this.First, the protaganist is a stupid punk kid, who by the end of the novel you are actually hoping gets shot or SOMETHING!Second, 496 pages filled with "blah blah blah" There wasn't enough content to constitute a five hundred page novel. Maybe one hundred, and then it would have been decent.Third, When reading about a murder mystery with the mob involved, you would at least expect more blood-shed, or more death. Especially since this is targeted at a group that enjoys those kinds of things.Fourth, although written at a fourth grade level no fourth grader should be allowed within three hundred feet for all the swearing that takes place. Speech and the written word, are signs of intelligence, Vulgarity is something people use when they don't know how to convey something accurately. Honestly every page has at least some.Now you know,that unless you want your socks bored off, you shouldn't even look in the section that has Grisham in it. If you want to read something light, that's believable, not Fantasy and not Romance, read Crichton.
A little boring. Maybe I'm just not old enough to appreciate this book fully, but I found it to be a boring read. I forced myself to finish it, thinking I would get something out of it, but again, I mostly found it to be dull. The other thing is ---although I don't think this was the intent of the author --- I felt a little bad about my appearance and for the next two days after reading this book, I found myself dwelling on how I would age. If you are on the fence about your looks, do yourself a favor and don't read this book. But if you're thinking about getting plastic surgery perhaps you would get something out of it. If I could I would give it 2.5 stars because I'm right in the middle, I was creeped out and bored but others might learn something about the state of the art and also how society views cosmetic surgery in 2006
Incredible Waste of Money. This was such a waste of money and my time reading it. First, Ms. Frank cannot write very well. Secondly, it is information that is recycled from other sources of self-help books. Her website is geared toward selling more useless information. If you have to read it get it from the Library. It should be titled, "How I can Get Rich By Selling Useless Information to Dreamers Like You.
Sexist!!! Stereotyped!!! Objectifying!!!. This is the most sexist book I have ever read. Women are portrayed as an object for men to play with. It stereotypes men as horny pigs that use women including their spouse only for sex. This book stereotypes the fact that women are not as sexual as men and have to be convinced by her spouse to have sex with him and another woman. This book is not ment for anyone intending to have sex including one woman and two men. In the event that one woman has sex with two men, the scenario includes all three people being drunk, and the woman who was instigating it all claims that the two men took advantage of her. If this book could be rated less than one star then I would have done so
More Questions than Answers. This was either the result of an overzealous (non-programmer) editor or a poorly planned outline - but there is more material missing from this book than actually in it. Examples are given in one chapter with a statement that it is relating to something in another chapter, but it isn't there; projects are laid out without real explanation of the nuts and bolts of what you are doing, and the real power of Filemaker (calculations and scripts) are merely glossed over on a "need to know" basis. I am certainly left with more questions that answers.The book did help me get some basic ideas for how to begin a project that related to one of the author's, but didn't really explain the logic behind the design in a way that I could translate that information to other projects.So I am back at Amazon, buying another book which, hopefully, will take me a bit further in what I need
Goes against God. I read this as a relatively young woman, and Lord did it make an impression on me.  It features many passages endorsing beastiality, something I find morally reprehensible.  If you agree, then BINGO! You now know to steer clear of this garbarge.  I'm not an advocate of book-burning, but I wouldn't mind throwing a few copies of this on a bonfire.
too much opinion. She has too much of her own opinion which can really get in the way of all the information and it worries me that she left all sources out that are not somewhat christian. She even goes as far as to call carl jung and idiot as if she has more knowledge and information on anything. This book has a lot of infromation but I found it hard to read with all the christian goobly gook getting in the way. There are other books on the subject with just as much information
porn for aspirational middle managers. I bought this for two reasons: because I wanted to learn about LBOs, and because I had heard that the journalism was good, and was hoping for something like 'The Right Stuff'.  The cover of my copy blurbed 'unflawed' writing, and 'all the suspense of a first-rate thriller'.The last is true only if your expectations of a first-rate thriller reach no higher than Michael Crichton.  The writing is a plodding 'you are there' journalism-school pastiche of the New Yorker: Gulfstreams are sleak, CEOs are silver maned, side-kicks are bantams, lawyers look like they model for GQ, etc. Investment bankers bark, curse, are struck by inspiration, work off grudges and wave their lingams around at the sort of comic book level Stan Lee would scorn.  I finally realised, after slogging through the first 200 pages or so, that 'Barbarians at the Gate' is, in large part, essentially porn for aspirational middle managers.There is no-one in this book whom I would want to know, unless I were a sociologist.  But I don't even trust the sociology, because the psychology is so superficial.I did learn something about the process of LBOs, and for that a star is in order.  I didn't particularly enjoy learning it.
Intro to UML. Perhaps I should have read more into the title, but this book is really just an intro to UML.  I was looking for a DB architecture book to boost my design skills but instead I got a basic UML book that just happens to be applied to data modeling.  If your looking for a book on database design, look elsewhere.  If your looking for a book on understanding UML applied to databases, pick this one up
What  a rip!. This book is too small to be a coffee table book and the details too minimal to be of practical use. It looks like a 1/2 scale mock up of publication run.  I kept looking for a missing disk or something that would make it usable.  Is this a joke?  Is there something missing from my order?  I'm used to purchasing fairly expensive technical books but I found this book upsetting enough to take the time to write a review.  The photos are nice but the quality of presentation and the depth of information does not justify the $47.00 price.  It's really worth about $20.00.  I should have done more homework on this book before spending the money.
get it from the library. I own this book, and I wish that I had spent my money on something more substantial. The good points- these are beautiful, expensive homes and the photography is excellent. The houses are so exciting that I would have loved information from the builder  describing their building issues. Frankly each house had less useful description than a real estate listing would have provided. There isn't a particle of useful information. There are 8-9 pages briefly describe the benefits of building with concrete.  These pages are mostly pictures and are sales pitches, not informative
Plausible but... There are some good things and there are some very bad things about this book.First though, with the good. Although it's far from a literary masterpiece, it is interesting in its own way and it does keep one going. The writers follow Maxwell's life and by describing his modus vivendi & modus operandi, attempt to justify their version of how Maxwell met his untimely death.They portray him as a boisterous, pompous, bombastic megalomaniac, with an "unswerving belief in his own greatness, his total invincibility and readiness to bully and destroy anyone who dared to move against him". Extremely charismatic at charming into submission friends and foes alike, he's depicted as essentially inept at doing business. Born into extreme poverty, a Jew from Czechoslovakia, he always held Israel close to his heart, so mush so that he gladly agreed to become a spy for Mossad. In fact, he became one of Mossad's most valuable assets, that is before the truth about the shambolic state of his financial affairs started surfacing and his mental health further deteriorated. He then became a liability, and as with all liabilities he had to be gotten rid of.Although not watertight by any means, the case presented by Thomas and Dillon is plausible and, all things considered, does appear very likely. But......Let's get to the bad stuff now. Never have I seen clichs used in such abundance; stereotypes all over the place as if both writers were too bored to actually do some thinking and come up with appropriate characterizations; or the word "terrorist" used so liberally and carelessly and with such disregard to potential implications. What's more, the mistakes in historical details, the misspellings of names and places beggared belief. I mean, come on, proclaiming the jewishness of the Dome of the Rock can't be anything other than idiotic. Surely, Abd-ul-Malik, the 9th caliph who had the place built must be turning in his grave, poor soul. In any case, I still can't decide whether the writers had an agenda, were just ignorant, indifferent, downright stupid, or any combination of the above.Bottom line, if there were so many inaccuracies about things I did know and could easily double check, what about all those things I couldn't possibly know and couldn't possibly check? Judge for yourselves
the world is flat. it is juust a copy of the frist book. if you read the frist the world is flat, then don't waste your time.jo
Stick to writing copy for your PBS news show, Jim. I've read a bit more than half of this book, and I can already say that it is probably the most RACIST book I've ever read. While trying not to make race a big issue in this novel(I think that's what Lehrer was trying to do by having a diverse debate panel), the author made the fact that Barbara Manning(African-American) and Henry Rodriguez(Hispanic) were minorities THE central issue inadvertently.  Every time these two characters are mentioned in the novel, their ethnicity is brought up.  Even worse, the character of Henry is a stereotype of Mexican people.  On page 111, it is mentioned that Henry's favorite food is a bean burrito.  Nearly every time Henry makes a statement in the novel, he uses the word &quot;Ole`&quot;.  I'm still waiting for him to break out and start refering to people as &quot;Essay&quot;(which, I'm sure is coming up)  I think that the only thing Lehrer knows about Hispanic people is what he learned by listening to Cheech from Cheech and Chong!  I'm not even going to start on the fact that every Republican in the novel is portrayed as a Neo-Nazi-type of supervillan.  This is a book with weak characters that use poor dialogue
Don't bother with the tapes. Ajalt has done a very good job with the book, but the audio series is worse than bad.  The native speakers on the tape speak too quickly, there's no English to reinforce the Japanese, and it's just too frustrating to learn from
I have to agree with the others... I was really ready to like this product, because the book is charming, and the presentation of concepts is good.  It appears quite kid-friendly.  However, the sound quality is the pits.  It sounds like an old inferior analog recording put straight over to disk.  My opinion is that this is a defective product
a hobo stew with Jack London: paid in advance. Frequent with biographies, the subjects by nature or design overshadow their conveyance, the lives greater than the telling. With Alex Kershaw's handling of London, the disjunctive telling of the life seems to overshadow the greatness of the subject. Kershaw provides documented anecdotal events in London's life, but these episodes are weakly connected, seemingly the paragraphs lack smooth continuity, making the reading of some sections an effort to connect the sequence of events a muddled mess. In a section of Chapter 4, &quot;The Boy Socialist,&quot; Kershaw describes London's burn-out from cramming for entrance-exams for Berkeley, his passing with distinction, his fleeing the world by setting sail, his re-course to moor, his impulse to get drunk on shore, and then his arrival &quot;at Berkeley in autumn 1896, in high spirits&quot; (46-47). THEN, we're offered an ancedote about London's comeuppance in a boxing ring, a recollection by a contemporary about his attire, followed by the philosophical influence of Herbert Spencer's book (48).  Kershaw's neglect of the biographer's role (and duty) to segue events, providing coherence and significance in the synthesizing of complex elemental parts to a life whole, distracts me from the subject. Yet I expect all biographies to be as great in the telling as their subjects, like Johnson's Boswell or Wolfe's Donald or Joyce and Wilde's Ellman or Genet's White. Kershaw does indeed emerge as a singular teller of a great life, and his telling is marked by fleeting absurdities involving subtly recurring images of human mastication and digestion: &quot;Bite as he did, Jack did not fully digest the philosophies.  He chose only that which tasted good, and then wolfed [sic] it down.  The tastiest morsel . . . .&quot; (48).  Unfortunately, I was stuck with the tab, and here's my tip
Melanie Magdziarz. Mutation, New York Times best seller, written by Robin Cook a medical trainee at Harvard, is a book with plots up to ears and turns and twist to your eyes. Very well written but has far too many plots. I got bored very easily and got mad at the book in several different parts. The plots were supposed to be suspenseful but it was very predictable which made it boring. However well written this book is I do not recommend it to anybod
Read something else. I actually picked up this book in my church library.  While, I'm wary of christian romances, this one caught my eye.  And I loved it!  Dee Henderson's writing style is fun and her charachters are okay.  She deals much more honestly with the realities of the world then other romance novels.  Having read almost all of her books now though, I have to say that they are dangerous for young women.  Every book is a romance with God playing a distant second to the man and woman who are falling in love.  In all of them that I've read, the formula is exactly the same.  Man or Woman of God meets Woman or Man who is not a Christian with a personal battle to overcome.  Get them together through some sort of danger fall in love.  Even before the non-christian converts though, while the christian is saying that they can't date them, they still kiss and pursue each other.  This teaches young women 1. That it's good to pursue a non-christian-after all maybe you'll convert them. 2. That physical reletionships are okay with non-christians, even if you can't date them. 3. That a non-christian will inevitably fall in love with Jesus if you want them to.  I'm going to ask my church to remove it from our library.  A great alternative is Shaunti Feldhaun's two novels The Veritas Conflict, and the Lights of Tenth Street.
BEWARE the introduction to this edition. I had never read the Scarlet Pimpernel, nor seen any of the films. One day when I didn't have time to finish a chapter, I thought I'd start the Introduction. I was enjoying the mystery-style nature of the story, then, in the first three sentences of the introduction they tell you who the Scarlet Pimpernel is! I have quit reading the book because of this. I plan to start again, in hopes that their spoiler was not far off anyway, but it was a terrible let down - on par with when my sister gave away they end of "The Sixth Sense" - which I could not enjoy, knowing what the big secret was. If you get this edition - or any edition, just in case - don't read the introduction
The best way to predict the future is to create it. According to Miller I should have gotten married last year. I'm still single. The myth abouth astrology is that your natal charts basically have your life set in stone. Astrology is a growth tool to be used to understand energetic influences, strengths, weaknesses, identify best strategies, etc. it is not about prediction and public astrologers such as Miller have editors to listen to. Not only are forecasts written in sensational language, they are based to appeal to a broad general audience. This is not news. However, if you have ever had your chart done an astrology explains that you have signs in all planets. When you read a horoscope section it is only writing in relation to your sun sign. If you were born at a certain time of the year your sun sign is the one absed on the date. You also have a "moon" sign, a "rising" sign, and your Mars could be in Capricorn, Jupiter in Picses, even if your a Gemini. Keep in mind that astrology is fun and I see it as a form of symbolic stories of wisdom, Jungian psychoanalysts usually refer to conscious images as clue to what's going on deeper in the mind. I can't say I believe it. I used to be really into it as a teenager and from time to time as an adult. Usually these were periods of confusion for me and I suspect for most people the over-reliance on a zodiac columnist may stem from that. Save your money and skim through this in a bookstore. If you are gung-ho on knowing what future lies in your stars then find a reputable astrologer in your city. Ask friends whose opinions you trust. Check out holistic stores and magazines. Most of all use the kind of objective discretion that you would if selecting a medical doctor. Astrology is very interpretive and training as one is not regulated. So you're playing Russian Roulette. Once you find someone have your chart done. Better yet learn astrology yourself and use it as an empowering tool to create the life you want. The key is ... don't start until you are very sure of what it is your heart truly desires
through. Have used these recipes. she and her recipes are authentic , and well reviewed
read noah lukeman's books instead. Hey, look: Another book on writing with nothing new to say!Get Lukeman's two books and, if you've got a spiritual streak in you, Brenda Ueland's 'If You Want to Write' as well.
Sore disappointment. Ummm..... HELLO! Am I the only one who noticed that 1) Jordan was supposedly in 3rd grade and only 7 years old, but the author often referred to her classmates as being in 6th grade, and Alanis found a way to explain Jordan's being held back only 3 years, and 2)Alanis was a teenager  -16?- who was totally interested in hanging out with a 7 year old, and 3) a supposedly 7 year old could read all of Ian's letters and big words and write back to him?Also, this book was not NEARLY as graphic and dysfunctional as the early series, with the real VC Andrews.  And as other reviewers have mentioned, the ending was definitely rushed, anticlimactic, and very disappointing.  On the other hand, I did keep reading it through to the end..
A MUST READ. THIS IS THE STORY OF THE 2004 AMERICAN LEAGUE PENNANT RACE. IT GOES THROUGH THE GREAT RIVALRY BETWEEN THE YANKEES AND REDSOX FROM THE BABE RUTH TRADE TO THE STARTLING AND UNBELIEVABLE COME BACK BY THE REDSOX TO THEIR FIRST WORLD SERIES VICTORY SINCE 1918. THE BOOK COVERS IN GREAT DETAIL HOW BOTH TEAMS FAIRED THROUGH OUT THE SEASON AND ALSO TOUCHES ON SOME OF THE GREAT PENNANT RACES THE RIVALS HAVE ENDURED. I REALLY RECOMMEND THIS FOR ALL BASEBALL FANS BUT ESPECIALLY FOR REDSOX FANS. A GREAT READ.
300 Pages of Misandry. If you are a man, you will not like this collection of feminist essays.  This book is worse than bad.  It is an abomination
Insipid plot, Shallow Characters. I first heard about this book in a graduate level Latin American survey course.  I kept it in the back of my mind and finally got around to reading it years later.  The professor had described it glowingly and subsequent references to it that I came across were all very positive.  Consequently I really looked forward to reading this book.I was extremely disappointed.Published in 1938 I would say that overall the book has aged badly.  It is overly dramatic, even emotionally silly in parts. The plot is insipid.  The Mexican characters are not Mexican but European with a little Mexican airbrushing.  The indigenous people are portrayed as one-dimensional simians.I read that prior to writing the book Graham Greene spent a total of eight weeks in Mexico.  It sadly shows.   He has little understanding of Mexico.  I can't understand the continuing hoopla surrounding this work.  If you want to read some decent fiction about early twentieth century Mexico try something by B. Traven.
A (long & boring) ode to New York. Winter's tale is a series of connected vignettes taking place in Manhattan and upper state New York, spanning more than a century. It is really an ode to a fictionalized version of New York City, from its slums to the homes of its movers and shakers. It is the tale of the search for the perfectly just golden city, that New York is (unbeknownst to most of its inhabitants) striving to become.Winter's Tale is a maddening book. Helprin is an extremely gifted writer and individual passages are a delight to read. But the story meanders over its 600 pages. There is no coherent plotline. All I can say is that it took me 6 months to wade through it. It is long and it is dull
Caroline's words. I bought another book, anatomy lessons from the greaat masters by Robert Beverly Hale and Terence Coyle, which contains 100 great figure drawings analysis. Its printing is bigger and easier to read than Master Class in Figure Drawing,compiled and edited by Terence Coyl
Love anyone?. This book was entirely disappointing for me. I read it in hopes of finding a better understanding and instead found 2 people who sound very bitter and are trying to sell a book through humor and not real facts. Some of their advice include using sex as the "ultimate bargaining too" and ways to "realisticaly rate yourself in a scale of 1-10" and stay in your own playing field(like don't aim for a 8 if you're really only a 5). Scary stuff. This book really depressed me until my (Married) friends pointed out how utterly ridiculous it was. If you are single and searching, stay away from this book
If you are Italian DO NOT READ THIS BOOK. Typical obvious (re-)placement and (recently all too common)  Italian American as disgusting, classless, filthy villain/movie producer makes this book a real disapointment.So boring to make the Italian the new interchangeable bad white guy...tired and boring
Slide show without the speaker. You may at first be tempted to buy this book for one or more of the following reasons:(a) if you leaf quickly through it, you'll see lots of grid thumbnails, which may give you the impression that a range of different grid possibilities is carefully explored and explained;(b) you'll also find several design pieces (pictures of posters, ads etc) with transparent overlays containing grids, suggesting that each piece is carefully analysed and explained;(c) it's published by Princeton Architectural Press, so hey, it must be good.Unfortunately, if you do buy the book for one of the reasons above, you're in for a lot of disappointment.You'll find that the actual text is like a series of quick notes such as what you'd expect to see in a slide show, except that there's no speaker or presenter to give you the actual explanations and help you make sense out of all the images. In other words, you'll be confronted with a few bits of text that don't really teach you much besides a few (very few) basic concepts and which don't even properly explain the images. (And if you really believe that an image is worth a thousand words, good luck deciphering the message.)Most pictures of ads and such are accompanied by transparent overlays; some of these contain lots of lines, circles and crosshairs. You'd think there's an explanation somewhere as to what all the lines, crosshairs and whatnot mean, right? Wrong.Take the Nike ad on pages 64-5, for instance. The overlay has a complex grid with four darker areas, and five even darker ones, plus external lines that seem to indicate that some sort of proportion exists (and is therefore going to be explained). But here's ALL the author has to say about the pictures and the overlay:"These are pages from a catalog of seasonal products for outdoor-industry professionals and athletes. The typography appears on the vertical in a band that spans the spread. The band is punctuated by solid vertical rules that change color and reverse out the product name. The descriptive text follows the vertical rule, with size and pricing information in bold. The rules and text have the option to flow across the gutter from the left page onto the right page. The images float in between bands of text and vignettes".That's it. The text above appears before any of the pictures and is in no way visually connected to the overlay. You'll end up guessing what some of the lines in the overlay refer to, but will be left to wonder what most of the others mean.And that's not all: all the grids [briefly] explained by the author are square, divided into three equal horizontal and vertical sections. However, most of the design pieces presented in the book are rectangular, and not one of them is divided in the familiar 3 x 3 grid. There's no explanation anywhere as to how the transition from square to rectangles can or should be made, and there's no information as to how the 3 x 3 grids relate to the 4 x 4, 4 x 6 etc grids you'll find on the overlays.The first overlay (page 35) is presented right after the first series of 3 x 3 square grids, but it's a rectangle with no less than 14 horizontal lines, 5 vertical lines, and 2 unequal, overlapping columns (one of the rules that must be followed in the grid exercises is "no overlapping"). There's no introduction to this new logic, no explanation about the proportions; just a bit of history about the 1928 brochure which apparently is a cornerstone of modern design
Want to waste your money? Buy this book... This format and the content of this book are tedious and unentertaining. Every single money saving tip in here can be obtained from internet frugal sites for free. And on top of that, the recipes are ridiculous. Not only are they not family friendly, you could blow your entire food budget for the week purchasing the speciality items to make just one of the meals. Want to feed your kids Sea Scallops, Pheasant and Prosciutto wrapped asparagus on the cheap? Well then you might buy this book? But if you want to cook these things on a regular basis anyway there are much better recipes and cookbooks out there for gourmet meals such as this so you've pretty much wasted your money anyway you go with this book.
The Universal Language of DiSC. Sorry, but I would not recommend this book.  As a "reference guide" I really expected more.  Probably a good buy at $19.95, but I'll sell you mine for $85.00
Two and a half stars... James Patterson's Violets Are Blue is another of his Alex Cross mysteries, which are always a good summer read.  However, some are better than others and this isn't one of his best efforts.  I'd rate it 2-1/2 stars.In Violets Are Blue, Dr. Cross has yet to jump ship to the FBI and is still working for the Washington, DC police force.  He is called to San Francisco when two joggers are found brutally murdered.  Their bodies are hung upside down from a tree and most of their blood has been drained from their bodies.  Their deaths seem to be the work of savages, and Cross had a similar unsolved case back in DC.  At the same time, he is being stalked by The Mastermind, a psychopathic criminal who seems to have a love/hate relationship with Cross.  Cross teams with the capable homicide detective from San Francisco, Jamilla Hughes.  Together, they crisscross the country, trying to follow the trail of savage killings as they try to find the key.I have enjoyed all of Patterson's books, although the plot to Violets Are Blue is just a bit of a stretch with the vampire angle.  Also, the discovery of the identity of The Mastermind was a complete surprise, but also a bit unbelievable.  In Patterson's defense, I would have probably enjoyed it more had I read this book before The Big Bad Wolf.  If you're a Patterson fan, you have to read Violets Are Blue.  It will tie up some loose ends from previous books.  I will continue to read the exploits of Alex Cross--even though not all Patterson's are created equal.
Donne Undone Again. This &quot;biography/criticism&quot; of John Donne does little more than reveal Mr. Edwards' own prejudices.  As a theologian, Mr. Edwards showcases his contempt for Donne's early life and work, and uses Donne's later sermons and religious poems to display his own religious erudition.  Mr. Edwards appears to see Donne as nothing but an Anglican apologist.  The book shows limited understanding of historical or literary criticism, and scant sympathy with Donne's very human struggles.  This book merely reinforces the already muddled body of Donne scholarship
Keep it simple, stupid. It is difficult for me to avoid the clich of saying I feel ripped off by Fraud, so I'll just get writing that out of the way right off the bat. Looking over the other reviews here, I don't understand how more readers don't feel the same way.Writer David Rakoff's collection of essays leaves a taste of disappointment in my mouth that won't go away, made worse by the fact that he makes it clear he could do so much better. There's no doubt that he's a talented writer with a great feel for words -- albeit unusually large ones -- and a keen eye for the absurd. He's lived a very interesting life, full of improbable events and unforgettable personalities. I'd probably even consider reading another of his books. But I honestly hope to never crack open Fraud again.I think Mr. Rakoff seriously overestimated how interested the world is in his internal anguish, his bitter naval gazing, and the way he looks down his nose at the rest of us. The book is needlessly complicated, packed with obscure references and unnecessary 50-cent words. And because of the combination of those factors, the book doesn't ever really gel: it's as if Mr. Rakoff is trying to appear cleverly and profoundly self-deprecating, but with a superiority complex. I don't think it can be done, yet Mr. Rakoff tries time and time again.It's tempting to think that Fraud's weaknesses could have been fixed by the right editor, but the more I think about it the less convinced I am that such a person exists. I now think Mr. Rakoff would be better off starting over and this time repeating to himself another clich as he starts each page: "keep it simple, stupid.
first time disappointment. I have often been exasperated with Henry James and his determination to make a simple sentence into a complicated puzzle and an intellectual game. But I have never been disappointed by James until now. I was surprised to see that this was written within 3 yrs of one of his masterpieces, Portrait of a Lady. If I didn't know better I'd say he wrote this one on a deadline for purely financial purposes
Don't waste your money. DeMille has done a rotten job with this book.  Aspects of the plot(which isn't too bad) are never resolved.  If you must read this badly written book, wait until it goes on sale.
Beware of Blackstone. While this is an excellent and well written story, the Blackstone Audio version is horribly read. It is painful to listen to. The reader is very "nasal" and the attempts at accents and characterizations are just simply horrific. Find another version, or read the book if you can. I can't, and had to endure this version of the audiobook. I listen to a LOT of audiobooks and this experience was a nightmare
disillusioned and disappointed. I should start by saying that I when I bought this book I thought it was related to the Center for Tactical Magic, but unfortunately it's  not.  Whereas the Center for Tactical Magic does some interesting projects that relate magical systems and occult ideas to a wide variety of issues and disciplines, this book, at best, pays lip service to the notion of applying magical principles in a creative, practical, and tactical manner.  It is far from tactical.  Not very practical.  And mostly it just seems to riff off of other occult practitioners whose experience in such matters made them far less self-delusional. This author should really re-read some of the authors he references - Crowley in particular - and realize that being tactical and doing magick involves much more than "practicing spellblasts", "energy shields", or any other number of Dungeons and Dragons type activities he suggests.  For the most part, this book is a poor collage of other people's good ideas, and the author comes across as inexperienced and naive.  The best part of the book is the first paragraph of "What is Tactical Magic?" where he describes resourceful and contemporary twists for age-old magical practices.  If the rest of the book tried to be as creative and innovative this would be a good read.  But already by the next paragraph the author seems to have become mired in his own illusions.  From there on out it's enthusiastic and well-intentioned but brief and misguided.  My advice to would-be readers is to check out Crowley's "Magick in Theory & Practice", Phil Hine's "Condensed Chaos" or check out the essays and projects on the website for the Center for Tactical Magic.
Robert Wyatt. asks, in one of his compositions, how one might expect a spider to comprehend arachnophobia
Worst book ever read on Multiple Personality disorder. I'm not going to waste much time on this book review except to say that of all the books I've read on this disorder this one is the worst.This guy comes across as a total jerk and I think this book is a fake. I think the writer of this book is secretly laughing at all of us who purchased this book and I sincerely feel this guy wrote this book as a psychology student joke.If you want to read the best book on this disorder read The Minds of Billy Mulligan
Not a problem with they play, but a problem with the edition. I believe this is a poorly rendered version of Antony and Cleopatra.  The organization of the notes made it difficult to read. Instead of putting the archaic meanings of words at the bottom as footnotes, it would have been much more helpful to place them in the  margins. The constant going back-and-forth between footnotes and the text made my reading of this play less enjoyable
If I could only give it a ZERO. Only 38 pages into this book, I've had to put it down in sheer awe of how utterly inaccurate this book is.From the questions it suggests you ask a prospective pediatrician to the AAP's "neutral" view on circumcision, this book is obviously written in a very biased undertone.Thankfully, I got this from the library. All I have to do is return it and try and forget the bad, bad information it provided.Keep looking
Don't Buy This Unless You Enjoy Mumbo Jumbo. A waste of money for those of us who live in the real world versus the spiritual world
DO NOT WASTE YOUR TIME. I have several dummies books, from how to build a PC to CCNA.  I had to read this rediculous book when I worked for a very well known DSL provider on the East Coast.  This book was trivial, assumes that you are completely mindless and plugs certain products and services shamelessly.  Yes, I agree, Hot Bot is a pretty good search engine...but it is not the only one out there.  This book has technical incosistansies throughout and is basically a really really long advertisement.  Easily the worst dummies book in print, and Im not being a jerk, I love dummies books, Ron Gilster rocks, but this is absolute crap.  You can honestly get more informed with a magazine
Structurally unsound, clich ridden, an obvious trajectory. Cold Mountain is an unfortunate novel.  It is unfortunate it won the National Book award (why did it win?).  The novel has an unfortunate structure; Fraser simply strings along one incident after another, with little connecting thread.  The weight of flashbacks alone drags the novel to the ground (and it hardly gets off the ground in the first place!)  There are glaring anachronisms.  It is difficult to believe that some of the sentiments he puts in his characters mouths could have been uttered in 1864.  This is a forgivable sin, if the novel is well written, if it rises about the banal, if it offers something more than surface.  But this novel is all surfaces and all banality.  Its publication is indicative of some of the pathology of today's publishing world (this will be a BIG novel, this will become a BIGGER film, which will sell more of this BIG novel).  Too bad for us the novel does not justify the claims of its promoters.  Fraser's eight million dollar advance for his next work is probably a clarion signal of another BIG novel to come
Ponderous to read and lacking concrete information. I really didn't like this book.  I bought this and what to expect when you are expecting.  I prefered the other.  I found this lacking in concrete developmental info about the fetus.  There were too many "write in questions" and personal anicdotes and not enough facts.  I will probably sell this book in my yard sale or send it to goodwill as I really didn't find it helpful at all
Unrealistic, repetitive, couldn't finish. This book was interesting at first.  It shatters what most of us think the typical millionaire looks and acts like, but that only takes a chapter.  After that, it just keeps repeating itself over and over.  "Who do you think bought the $1000 watch and who bought the lower priced watch?"  Yeah, yeah, I get it; the millionaire has a lower priced watch than the overspending, no real wealth guy.Then some of the examples are so over simplified or exaggerated that you know they are made up to make a point.  I want real examples.  I don't care if you give them goofy code names to protect identity, but don't come up with such bad comparisons to prove a point if it isn't real.Then there is the advice on being frugal.  I am pretty frugal, but some of what they said would put me in the crazy house if I had to live like that.  Sure, I could cut out every unnecessary expense from my budget, but then I wouldn't be very happy.  Who cares if I have a million when I'm 60ish if I had to live miserably up until then.  What is that worth?  I know not to go out and buy a brand new luxury car, but driving around my 20 year old Jeep is no fun either!This book is good for the first chapter and if you are just completely clueless or a compulsive over spender.  People with common sense need not buy this book, just check it out at the library like I did
Oh. My. God. This books starts with such promise but I find it hard to believe that the people who wrote the glowing reviews were actually able to slog through it! Minutiae-fest
A Big Disapointment. This book is a big disapointment. The begining chapters have some useful information, but much of it can easily be found on the web. The 220 franchises they list have no supporting information on why they're the best. The information they provide seem like condensed versions of the franchisor's flyers
The worst book I  Have ever read on this subject. Mr. West writes about the Vatican not about the Roman Catholic Church. If he had not been a priest i would  have understand some of his descriptions  about Catholic Church. Since he has enouph information on the subject it  seems he wants to &quot;reprove&quot; some of the Church's institutions by  providing information he knows not beeing totaly correct. Saying half a  true it is the better way to say a lie Maria Santo
the disabled scholar. This history of the Reformation is a scholarly document and many reviewers have praised its quality. I found it to be comparable to milk in a locked refrigerator...you know its there...but its just not accessible. Mr. MacCulloch's research is exhaustive, however, his ability as a writer does not offer the reader any real discernment of either the forest or the trees. If your goal is understanding what happened in the 16th century, I suggest a much briefer history by Glenn S. Sunshine, who indeed, does present a much more enlightening work. Great scholarship, in the case of Mr. MacCulloch, is cloaked in the mediocrity of his writing skill.
Incompetent. First off anyone who gave this book five stars was employed by the publisher to up the rating that simple. I mean look at some of them they are so cheesy one of them actually refers to the author as Mr. Miller who is he brown nosing for sounds like a greeting card they are so "textbooky" and insincere. The book itself is almost entirely filler on how to read music (which half the music books in Borders are or they are just giant scale books that are reemed out like saw dust totally useless,  which leads to the great difficulty on how to actually find an explantion to this jargon and then someone comes along and says they have an answer that will make things clear but then they fall short)  up until half the the book and many times periodically things are just repeated terminology loosely defined such as hook which is just recording industry jargon not theory. Book never goes into the physical principals that would actually explain some things in it as to why the notes themselves are in the order they are such as acoustics, never got an answer as to what a whole step or a half step was by the way and when I asked many teachers and questioned them they knew nothing or gave a circular answer defining it themselves without an outside reference only to find that they were just parroting it all along. The problems with this is everything is assumed in the entire field. I recommend the only book that I have found that made some sense to me called Fractals in Music by Charles Madden much more organized and assembles things from the very beginning working into more and more complex shapes and structures.
Some authors should stick with short stories... While his wordplay, setting and concepts are (as usual) nothing short of breath-taking his characters and plot developement are nothing short of yawn inducing.Stross joins the quickly swelling ranks of hard sci-fi authors whose brilliant short stories seem to hint at limitless potential and yet when they step out of the briefer medium immediatly stumble in novel form and eventually fall flat on their face(s).Stross's future bending content and stunning technopoetry-prose shimmer with a level of craftsmenship severly lacking in his novel's characters and plot growth. And until Stross devotes the that same stylized proficency to his basic story elements he should avoid novels and  stick with a format where such absences can be overlooked- shorts.Stross has all all of the style and none of the content required to weave the epic stories he's trying to pen.
Not her best. Sandra Brown is my favorite suspense/romance writer.  I always look forward to reading her new releases and this book was no exception.  However, I was very disappointed with Ricochet.  Normally, her books have so many twists and turns that you can't figure out "who did it" until the very end, which keeps you up all night wanting to read.  This book was different.  I kept thinking it would get better but it never did.  I highly recommend Chill Factor or White Hot instead of Ricochet
Not happy. I purchased this book for my 3 year old niece. As I read the story, I came across a sentence that gives a reason for the inability of the giant to catch Jack. Get this... it was because the giant was drunk. Yes... they used the word drunk. I was horrified. What kind of thing is that to read to a small child? I know in today's world children will hear about (or maybe even see) someone being intoxicated. Perhaps this was in the original story of Jack and the Beanstalk; I can't say.  But I will say that I omitted reading that sentence to my niece, removed the book from her things and put the book in the garbage
Some things aren't funny... I generally like David Sedaris; in fact he's one of my favorites. But when his stories veer off into the death of children, almost gratuitously, I can't see the humor. This is, please note, the first book of his that I haven't enjoyed. But it's got a couple of gruesome episodes that jarred the joy out of me
Mediocre... good for healthy advice, bad for recipes. Like many of the other reviewers, I found this book frought with recipe mistakes (or are they just sloppily written?).  However, many of the recipes, with adaptation, become quite nice.... the problem being that you must have enough cooking knowledge to know how to adapt recipes.What's great about this book, though, is the plethora of information about food itself, mini-articles about things like mushrooms, green tea and how to grow your own herbs make for some great and informative reading.Interesting and a great idea, but very poorly executed.  A good and thorough revision would make this book wonderful, but this edition is just not that great
Horrible. If Bell left out any cliches I would be surprised. From terrible dialog, laughable stereotyping of characters, ridiculous plot with an unlikely (to say the least) coincidence, to one of the most (unintentionally) comic finales this book has it all.
Some inaccuracies abound... ...in the previous reviews. This is, simply, a screed. Imagine Ann Coulter on a bad day, and you've got an idea of the tone of the book. Not that it won't appeal to a certain segment of the "reading" population for precisely that reason, mind you, but for most people, it's something to be avoided. Like acid. It's not inconceivable that some would disagree with the current administration's policies. But pure venom and hate isn't going to carry the day
A Coming of Age Story?. When I finished reading this book I really didn't know what to think of it.  While reading it I constantly felt like I was reading a trashy romance novel with all the explicitly sexual imagery and at other times I found myself wondering if the plot was going to go anywhere at all.  The book is described as being a coming of age story of two best friends, but I think it is just a teenage pornographic novel.  I probably won't read this book again and even though it was only two hundred pages long, I feel that my time was wasted on this unsatisfying book
A total travesty!. I feel so bad for the author, but not bad enough to keep this book.  It's being returned.  Although the written content is excellent, 10 of the meager 18 photos of Motherwell's work are problematic -- nine have been inadvertently cropped during the printing, and one is both cropped and printed upside down.  These books should have been withdrawn and reprinted, but instead, Columbia University Press tucked a little sheet into the dust jacket explaining their regret.  It's hard to believe they proceeded with the distribution of this book, and retail it for $46.  This is unconscionable in any book, but especially an art book on a noted figure like Motherwell.  Please note that Amazon says the other reviewer's comments are based on a different edition
Interesting... I found this novel aesthetically pleasing, well written and interestingly structured, as well as witty in places, but hardly hilarious as others here have suggested. Regarding the book seeming to be written by a female (with all the presumptions of enlightenment that that carries with it - in this text and in literati generally) due its satirical reworkings of phallocentric myths and legends, I would say that the first 'novel' in history by Cervantes did just that, so phallused author's have a decent tradition in that area; having said that, this comment made the course material of my literature course at university, so you can see how pervasive it is. I don't blame the book for its strident and parochial feminist/misandrist and postcolonial themes - there is almost a complete cultural saturation of it. The book works in very well with current literary theory and should be used by all like-minded people as a text to place new 'Portias' and 'Shylocks' in different racial/cultural groups - same sort of hatreds with different wrappings. It's a shame, because King's talents as a writer are very great, despite the ideolatry.
Babble. I like Math, Not circler illogic.  Took this course in 1997; while my professor was initially excited since he had known Lay, he soon simply shook his head in disgust, and said he needs to talk to his old friend
Better with some revisions. As a brazilian animator I tried to start to read this book by the Latin american section, and comprehensively, by the one that shows the status of animation in my country, Brazil, a reality that I know very well.I don't know where Mr. Bendazzi got his informations for this part of the book.What I know is that it's full of strange or, at least unknown names of people for most of the brazilian animators, illustrators figuring as animators, besides the absence of five or six of the really most important animators in my country.Because of all that,I'm affraid the rest of the book, at least in those sections telling about the animation in Latin America still needs to be revised
Not an easy book to read...or to like. In &quot;3 Lives,&quot; Gertrude Stein recounts the life stories of three very different women living and dying in the city Bridgepoint. With &quot;The Good Anna,&quot; we learn the story of a German maid, who maintains the homes of various grand ladies throughout her life. She loves taking care of stray dogs and scolding young ladies into what she deems to be their proper stations. She also cultivates a strong friendship with the widow Mrs. Lehntman, the great &quot;romance&quot; of her life. (Though, it's never entirely clear what is meant by &quot;romance:' either a very strong friendship or an actual intimate relationship.)In &quot;Melanctha,&quot; we are related the history of a young black woman, bright and intelligent, who wants to learn more about life and love. She develops relationships with many different men but learns most of what she needs during her &quot;wanderings&quot; with Jane Harden. After a time, she finally decides to settle down and to get &quot;really married&quot; to the right man. She thinks she finds that in Dr. Jeff Campbell, but neither one knows exactly what he/she really wants.In the final story, &quot;The Gentle Lena,&quot; Lena is a young German girl, brought to the States by a cousin. She is considered ugly and dimwitted so no one in her new family really takes to her. All the girls taunt and tease her. Finally, she is et up in an arranged marriage to a man who doesn't really like women (though it's never said flat out whether or not he is gay). They have children, and the husband falls for the children, ignoring Lena completely.All three women wind up alone, forgotten and eventually dead. But, that's not what I really didn't like about this book. Stein's use of language tended to get in the way, so much so that I could never really understand what characters were saying and could never empathize with them. In fact, with &quot;Melanctha,&quot; their constant repetition of names and long-winded sentences that turn around on themselves to regurgitate what was said in the preceding sentences, made the characters seem simple-minded. I never liked any of the characters because I never felt that I was given anything to like. And, if I was, I had trouble discerning it through the tangle of words. I re-read passages many times simply to try to understand what was happening or what a character was feeling/thinking and never really understood. They came across very two-dimensional.I forced myself to finish the book but still would have trouble recommending it, mostly due to the use of language
save your money. Not really very good at all.  Took me about 20 minutes to realize that I had wasted my money
Fun fantasy fluff but not much substance. Homeland was a decent enough start to a promising trilogy and this continues on a similar pathway. The cast of characters from the first book returns in force and Exile introduces a few new less than stellar characters along with a few new cool races and creatures.The book picks up a few years after Homeland left off with Drizzt leaving his homeland and living in the darkness of the caves for the past few years. The majority of the story deals with Drizzt dealing with a new 'hunter' side of himself while escaping from his mother who is now pursuing him with increased fervor. Along the way, Drizzt meets a few new allies. One, a Svirfnebli introduced in the first book and also a pech which has been transformed into a hook horror by an evil wizard. As with the first book, there isn't too much of an attachment to any of the characters so when one or two leave, you don't really mind. The book also introduces a few new interesting races and creatures which stand in the way of our heroes at various points in the book along with a bigger villian with whom Drizzt has a showdown at the book's zenith.However, Exile has the same problems as Homeland. The world and creatures are all very interesting but there isn't much depth to the story. The returning characters don't really get a lot more development, and the new characters seem just like filler to add someone Drizzt can talk to besides his panther with an unpronounceable name. The setting this time is a bland, boring cave with some interesting creatures dispersed at various points in the story. The action sequences are still well written but seem to drag on a lot more than they did in the first book.If you enjoyed the first book then you're sure to enjoy this one as well because it provides the reader with more of the same. If you didn't think much of the first then avoid this one because you'll probably dislike this one even more. It does the same things the first book did well but does more things worse. The new characters don't really add much to the story nor is there an emotional attachment to either of them. The story itself is very predictable. It moves from point A to point B in a very straightforward manner without a lot of surprises. It's still a pretty fun, quick read but there just isn't much to it. I'll still read the third book just to finish the trilogy but I don't know if I'll continue with the Drizzt Do'Urden story arc.
Pretty vague about a lot of things. I felt that this book really just skims the surface of so much.  Maybe Dr. Brazelton just wants to give a little info so that you will buy his other books... but I was unimpressed with this book
Not very useful. I wish I could have previewed more of this book before I read it. I find it a gross oversimplification of men and women. The world is an ugly place if men and women are of the stereotyped versions featured in this book.A few good things in there, but all in all not worth the effort
What stinks in here?!?!?. I wish I had read the reviews before I bought this book.  I normally love Katie MacAlisters books, they are amusing and have something new even if she does have to rip off the whole Dark Ones thing.  Jennifer Ashely's story was ok, at least her cheesiness is part of the storyline.  But Minda Webber's contribution, I can't even get through.  If it's not a pun or some trite cliche about vamps, werewolves etc. on every page, it's her mama's trite colloquialisms.  Then Val, the main character would think something and the very next paragraph Lucy would say something stupid about knowing how he feels about something he just thought.  Or Lucy would think one of her trite thoughts and then Val would say in an admiring way something using the same words, Ugh, awful.  And the maturity level of the writing and the characters....it's one thing to say over and over how immature Lucy is, but Val's just as bad.  Some of the situations they are in are straight out of high school.  Everything is overeacted to, Val either hisses or says something savagely.  Always at the wrong time and Lucy has absolutely no impules control.  I couldn't even dredge up any kind of sympathy or empathy or itty bitty liking for these characters.  What a train wreck
Crummy. I don't know why I do it to myself anymore.  Goodkind brought a real gem into the world of fantasy novels when he wrote Wizard's First Rule.  Unfortunately, as with most novel series I have read, it was all downhill from there.  The most common complaint in the reviews I have read seems to be that Goodkind's novels have become thinly-veiled philosophy essays, and I concur with that.  I'd also add that the story is predictable, the characters behave foolishly, and (how can I put this in a way that won't spoil the ending?) things just seem to work out a little too conveniently.  After this one, I don't think I'll continue to torture myself with any more of Goodkind's work.  I no longer care what happens to Richard and Kahlan, and as much as I liked them in the first book, that's pretty depressing
On a downward spiral. With each book she writes, Jodi Picoult comes down a level in terms of quality.  Rather than narrowing the scope and developing it well, this novel is a pinball machine of ideas, people and issues that never come together.  I kept holding out for an ending that would redeem the rest of the story but was disappointed till the final word
The picture on the cover says it all. This is yet another book on how to mold yourself into the perfect little military wife. Give me a break. While it does address women having careers, it emphasizes the need for military spouses to participate heavily in their husbands' careers and placing your spouses' careers first, explaining that eventhough he may not want to or may not need to go to your office functions, you still have to go to his for the good of his career. It is the same garbage that every other guide has.It does address the ranking system wives seem to think applies to them because of their spouses, but gives you tips on how to be more understanding of it, as if it's okay for people to treat you like less simply because their husband outranks your husband.Ladies, do yourself a favor and worry about having your own lives and your own education and your own careers, cause when he is gone on deployment cookie baking and sitting at home waiting for him, and listening to the other wives criticize you for not  doing whatever it is they think is important is a complete waste of time and it will depress you. You need to develop your own lives and your own talents and hobbies. The 1950s wifely lifestyle will drive you batty.Save your money and use it for something that will uplift you
Far Fetched. I finished this book, but only so I could move on to another. While I like the author's prose, I found the story line to be a bit far fetched, and predictable. There's better fiction out there.
A Disgrace to Womanhood. As a mother, a teacher of thirty-five years, and a woman who has walked with the Lord since the age of six, I am appalled that the writing of a woman who claims to be a follower of Christ would make womanhood look so disgraceful. (By the way, I have a Master's Degree from the University of TN).
Shamefully lazy. This is the work of an amateur.  Mr. Vachon is able to build a world, but as far as finding a story and weaving his way into and out of it?  Forget about it.  It's as if he had one idea (which is basically "hey, we're all in finance!  but we're all so debauched and weary yet excitedly aware of reality tv!  whee!") and then went from there without developing three-dimensional characters or plot or pretty much anything of substance.
Golfing Gossip at a Grinding Pace. I guess I am the only reviewer who found this book tedious and banal.  It's more a series of thumbnail biographies of pga tour players, linked together through weekly accounts of pga tour stops, than anything else.  Feinstein's writing seems to move along at a brisk enough pace, but after several chapters, I found one event starting to blend into the next, one Q school qualifier after another, one harrowing tournament finish after another, and so on, and so on.  Feinstein's writing verges on being formulaic- it's all written in a sort of breathless, anxiety filled pace, as the nail biting details of who's missing the cut, who's choking under pressure, whose marriage is on the rocks, who's in danger of returning to Q school all gets mixed together in a swill of golf gossip and insider minutia.What I found missing in this harried chronicle is any sign of the transcendental joy that marks golf at it's best.  It's almost as if Feinstein writes to show us how miserable and unbearably tense the world of professional golf is.While some of the details he provides are interesting, overall I found the book repetitive and lacking in the sort of poetry that the best sports writing sometimes achieves
I gave up!. I missed the book club meeting that discussed this book but thought I would read the book anyway because everyone seems so enamoured with Ms. Cleage.  I read the first 150 pages of this book and I am bored to tears.   All of the reviews call this book astonishing; did the reviewers read the 1st 150 pages--nothing, absolutely NOTHING interesting happens in these pages.  Even if the author made up for it in the last 150 pages, this book could not be an astonishing book.  I will not be reading anymore Cleage books.  I, however, will try to finish reading this one since I started it.  My hopes for some excitement in the book,however, has been shattered by the other reviewers who state that the book doesn't even have excitement at the end of the book
pleasurable kingdom. I was only able to get through the first couple of chapters. I was so horrified about what I was reading I had to put the book down. I was not prepared to read about the otrocities done to animals in the name of science. I really thought the book was to be about pleasure not pain and torture. I really think they should have had a warning at the begining of the book. I will be haunted by the awful images those words produced for a very long time
Biderman's War. The Eastern Front was a giant massacre. The Eastern Front story is about cold-blooded Nazi Killers, commanders who sacrificed all their human instinct to the Gods of War, ordinary soldiers who became flesh-eating beasts in pursuit of conquest.  Hitler wanted the annihilation of Russian Jews, Bolsheviks, as well as the  destruction and subjugation of the whole Slavic "race" (see Germany in the Second World War, Institute for Military History; World at Arms, Gerhand Weinberg; Hitler, Ian Kershaw).  Nazi intention were not kept secret from rank and file soldiers. On the contrary, these intentions were constantly drummed into German Soldiers like Biderman (Hitler's Army, Bartov; Ordinary Men, Browning; The Wehrmacht, Wette and Lucas-Schneider)  Maybe we ought to keep Nazi war aims in mind when praising German soldier's heroism on the Eastern Front in Forgotten Soldier; Guy Sajer; Hitler moves East Paul Carrell, or Lost Victories; Von Manstein.Biderman portrays himself as a humble, introverted, pragmatic young soldier.  He was obedient.  He saluted and he did what his superiors told him to do.  He was proud, brave, and devoted to his men, ......etc.  He didn't think about anything more complicated than his Pak gun.  He wasn't involved in  politics,  etc. Coming from German soldiers, Biderman's portrayal of himself is similar to most of the German first-person writers. He's more believable than Manstein because Biderman was not responsible for any important decisions in the 132nd division.Its easy to view the document as sneaky self-justification.   After all, the text was supposedly written for 132nd division survivors -- men who need to validate their service to the Nazi State, who need to rehabilitate their personal character.Awful events took place in Russia during  Biderman's  War.  Millions of Russian soldiers killed and wounded. Millions of innocent civilians killed.  Jews were murdered in the millions by Commandos and order police. Apparently Biderman did not understand any of it. Unlike Voss, writing in Black Edelweiss, Biderman refuses to engage any of these implications. According to Biderman he was the last barrier against Bolshevism in Europe.What did Biderman really do out there in the Crimea and Leningrad? Can we believe him when he writes that he treated civilians correctly? After all, he requisitioned their houses and liberated their hidden food, burned their towns, killed their sons. Did Biderman really rescue the lost cow for the old couple?  Is it true that Biderman never had to shoot even one unruly civilian or a guerilla?  He didn't kill even one commissar?   He never saw any Germans kill captured Ivans -- even though Ivan was constantly massacring captured Germans? Was the 132nd division really the best-behaved division in the German Army? Surely Biderman kicked a prisoner, at least once.  In a larger sense, does Biderman realize that the 132nd division perpetrated one of the biggest crimes in History by tearing up Russia? No. Biderman dodges these questions in his sanitized version of Russia.  He has not admitted to his sins and he has not been forgiven. He ought to return to the Crimea and apologize to the civilians
not written with care. This book must have been thrown together quickly:  In the area that gives the menus, with page numbers for different recipes, the page numbers are often wrong:  Peanut Butter Bagel is on page 203 (not 000), PB&J on Rye is on page 201, not 202.  I feel ripped off.  Elizabeth in McKeespor
Golf for Dummies - miniature version. what a ripoff. the "miniature version" is stashed in the details, not placed in the title. the reviews are for the full version. and now i feel like "amazon shopping for dummies". i have absolutely no use for a 2"x2" book on anything
Lizards. The author of this book is an ex English soccer player and sports commentator who had a nervous breakdown and went, well...nuts. He belives, for example, that the UK royal family are really lizards wearing disguises. Seriously, this is true..check it out. If you use this as a bench mark I think you can gauge how accurate his writings on 9/11 will be. This is not to say that there are not questions over 9/11, but this author is not going to cast any light on them. In the UK he is seen as just a nut and nobody really takes him seriously, so I dont think people across the pond should either.
The Worst of Several Genres. I love mysteries set in WW II and like old time radio so I couldn't wait to begin this one. The "hero" is a junior varsity Tom Joad but,OK, I was game.  The cast of characters that seemed to number in the low 80s and be interchangable "baddies" and "goodies".  They were hard to keep track of without a scorecard but there is no quit in this reader and I pushed on. Then when we got to the Jersey shore, I found out that in 1942 with America fighting for it's life against fascism, and losing, our hero knew why.  All the servicemen were bullies (A drafted station employee) or morons (the Coast Guard beach patrol).  The 4F "hero" was the real McCoy however.  Although not actually mentioned I bet he wished that dratted ear injury hadn't kept him from joining the Abraham Lincoln Brigade.  He was moderate enought to think Marxism had some problems; the murder of 10s of millions of Ukrainians and the Nazi-USSR Pact probably and I say probably, didn't elude our observant literary genius.  He was also a 1975 era feminist; all those plucky WW II women throwing off the handcuffs chaining them naked to the kitchen sink had his unhesitating support.  Most big businessmen, probably wearing spats and silk high hats, were the bad guys needless to say.  I wondered how someone could write such a truly awful book.  I couldn't finish it and it's a point of honor for me to finish all books.  Then in the bio it all became clear.  The author was a flack for former Congresswoman Pat Schroeder of Colorado.  I'm still haunted by her rictus grin and constipated, Quaker schoolmarm expression that said "somebody, somewhere is having fun and I want it to stop now!!!"  Anyone who could stand to work for Pat could write this book with ease
Not completely "essential" but worthwhile anyway. I received this book as a gift, or I definitely would never have purchased it. It is lacking any sense of direction, as other reviews illustrate here, with obvious misses present: "The Birds", "Rosemary's Baby", "The Invisible Man", "The Black Cat"(1934), "Island of Lost Souls", "Jaws", "Curse of the Demon"(aka-Night of the Demon), "The Fearless Vampire Killers...", "Haxan-Witchcraft Through the Ages", "Invasion of the Body Snatchers", "Them!", "The Exorcist"(I'm surprised the horror geeks aren't rattling their cages about this one alone). Maybe "Psycho" wouldn't be found in a 'Monster Movie Guide', but why is "It! The Terror from Beyond Space" present and, yet, not Ridley Scott's "Alien" or its sequels? It is also very difficult to follow, with "Abbott and Costello Meet Frankenstein" under "M" for just "Meet Frankenstein"(perhaps this was an original title or something, but, in all the guides I've ever seen, it's always been under A & C's names), with no explanation here for why Jones uses this title. Although, on the other hand, there are several early silent versions of lots of the classic monsters-as, for example, several "Dr.Jekyll and Mr.Hyde" versions included that predate even John Barrymore's turn as the part in 1920! Also, there are obscure but relatively important TV notations that are, often, well worth the look-as "Nightmare the Birth of Horror"(although the title actually was "Nightmare! The Birth of Victorian Horror"). These are a great find, if one can locate this BBC miniseries on the genesis of the books and characters of the classic gothic monsters-ie. Mary Shelley's "Frankenstein", Bram Stoker's "Dracula". These are a must-see for any true fan. Now, different, and refreshing, are the more subjective descriptions of film titles, with Jones using his own point of view as opposed to the standard run-of-the-mill descriptions. The downside, here, though, is that his "taste" is often lacking. I don't consider myself a fan of any particular date or style from the horror genre, but to critique FW Murnau's silent vampire film, "Nosferatu"-which is brilliant-as "overlong and dull", with a rating of above average(???), and the plodding British Hammer "Dracula(aka-Horror of Dracula)" of 1958 as having an "action-packed script"(I guess I apparently looked away for a moment), adding that it's only "a little slow in places", are simply a couple examples of Jones' consistancy for ludicrous assessments. Buyer beware: do yourself a favor and find this one used-or as cheaply as possible-and get the recent Leonard Maltin Movie Guide(released yearly, the newest has only just been released). This guide will give better direction and explanation, on a much more realistic and objective level, than Jones' book. Even Maltin's guide is not perfect, but the information is deeper(without Jones' obvious mistakes) and the ratings are much more realistic. Basically, just protect yourself from wasting time and money on one of Jones' favorites when it's really a clunker. "Creature Features" looks like a more interesting purchase, but not owning it, I won't judge. Both it and Jones' book offer obscure TV, though, with titles crossing over, like the BBC "Count Dracula" with Louis Jourdan, for example.
While Drowning in the Desert. The temperature of the water in one which drowns is as insignificant as the depth of characters and plausibity of this hastily created novel.The biggest mystery one ponders from the bowels of this book; is why was it written, and where on vacation was the Publisher when this novel was approved for publication?  Don Winslow is a brilliant writer, if this were the first book of his that i read, it would be the last.  Fortunately he has accumulated a strong credit side of the ledger with other writings,  this is a heavy debit.........and significant waste
THE MOVIE WAS A LOT BETTER!!!. To be honest I was very disappointed with the book. Maybe it's because I watched the movie first and then I read the book. I love the movie, it's one of my favorites, that's the reason I decided to read the book in the first place. I thought books are always better then the movies, but in this case I was wrong. In the movie they changed a lot of the things, but in a better way I thought. If I was you I would just watch the movie, don't waste your time reading the book
Useless format. A Dickens Christmas story is meant to be read in front of the fire with children gathered 'round. As configured in this particular ebook format you cannot do anything but sit in front of your screen and read ninety pages of nineteenth century prose. Not useful at all! This ebook would be far more usefull if, for example, you could copy or print it onto holiday paper. Since this story is in the public domain, blocking those options in this ebook is silly
disappointing. I have read half of Jodi Picoult's novels and this one was such a disappointment. I didn't care for any of the characters and just wanted to scream during the last 50 pages. I only finished it so I could find out what happened. After reading My Sister's Keeper, Vanishing Acts, and Picture Perfect (3 of the best novels I have ever read) this one was a huge let down. It felt very impersonal and boring
I dont like this book. I want to make a short comment here:1) This book is quite confusing. It mixed up the real story with the make up one.2) Saying that Ramanujun thought Goldbach Conjecture is wrong was a huge mistake. Everyone believe that Goldbach Conjecture is true. And Ramanujun is a real genius. I cannot stand this make up part
Fast Paced. The book did hold my interest most of the way through; it definitely was a fast-moving story.  I enjoyed the detailed descriptions of the setting and the characters.  It started out to be a pretty good mystery, but didn't deliver in the end, and here's where I differ from previous reviewers.  The blurbs describe the book as full of plot twists and surprise endings.  I didn't find this to be true.  I figured out fairly early on what Bridger was up to, and it didn't take a genius to guess who his secret accomplice was.  So much for surprise endings.  In addition, I found the dialogue to be clunky and awkward at times; AND, I wonder, does anyone proof the book drafts before they go to print?  Does the author get to see a proof of his book cover synopsis?  I wonder because on the back of this book it says, "When an explosion kills the NIGHT WATCHMAN at wealthy industrialist Karl Lindstrom's nearby lumber mill..."  As anyone who has actually read this book knows, it was NOT the night watchman who was killed, but another individual.  Just another example of shoddy editing..
To much Math. To much math and not easy to understand
Well, Duh! I already knew THAT!. This book's "scientifically proven" findings made me think it would contain something really life-changing or unheard-of. On the contrary, the book's advice couldn't be more cliched.  Niven never says anything of real depth or quality. You don't learn. Each chapter is too short. As a result, the topics are way underdeveloped. Another problem: some chapter titles just don't relate to the content that follows. One that stands out especially is, "Turn off the TV." So turning off the television is REALLY going to make me happier?! Niven's point might be that doing so translates to quality time spent with family, friends, or simply oneself, but why target just TV? When I read the title, I anticipated reading about studies showing that TV viewing leads to increased incidence of depression, but no, that's not it at all. The chapter really has nothing to do with TV. Other chapters are similarly problematic.A far better book--MUCH better--is "Don't Sweat the Small Stuff," by Richard Carlson, a book that truly changed my outlook and approach to everyday problems, and for me that's saying A LOT. That book makes you think and constantly presents a perspective the reader might never have considered.
Stay Away... Far Away!. There are lots of people dissatisfied with this book, myself included. I really don't understand how anyone can find this book cohesive, and the little bit of information you get out of it you have to dissect the text for hours to get any meaning from it. This book loves to give you code to use and not tell you what in the world it does, just that you need it. So you use it for chapters then boom, in chapter 9 your finally tells something about it. That is not constructive. The learning process does not work this way.  Most of the time the book hardly tells you anything. You can see that certain things must come before others, but not told why and with out being told what the code really does; its mostly just guessing why. I understand that the goal of the book is to teach programming and not a specific language, but this book does not successfully do that when it doesn't tell you what is going on. In my opinion, it confuses you to what is going on and you have to "unthink" what you've learned to actually progress with another book. I gave up completely on the book for my class and turned to outside sources to pass. Most of my classmates have been forced to do the same
whom do i see about getting the 3 hours of my llife back?. this is a great book...if you 15 and you've finaly run out of ravenwolf books to read ...otherwise...save your money.  While some of his visualization excersises are interesting, its pretty obvious, even before you read the rest of his books, that he's building up to admiting he's not a wiccan or even pagan, he's heading for satanist...or a drug treatment center, whichever comes first. And I have no problem with that, but lets call this what it is...pandering to disafected teenagers, angsty 20 somethings and bitter 30's. If you need something to put on your coffee table to annoy visiting Jehovah's witneses or to scare your parents...this is the author and these are the books, but if your looking for useful information.. its not in here
I love many cookbooks but this is not one of them. The first thing I didn't like about this book was the number of non-crock-pot recipes.  It's disconcerting to be reading a slow-cooker cookbook and find salad recipes.  Other books I've read give suggestions (such as, serve this with rice and a salad) but this is the first one to actually include directions for salads and rice.  If I want to make fried corn fritters I will refer to The Frequent Fryers' Cookbook and not a slow cooker book.The second thing - and what prevented me from even attempting any of the recipes - was that I found inaccuracies in the book.  For example, the first recipe to catch my eye was "Lemon Chicken with Potatoes and Mushrooms."  Yet, when you read the recipe - there are no mushrooms!  Also, the steel-cut oats recipes suggest cooking one cup of oats for 2 servings.  My package directions and personal experience say that a cup of steel cut oats serves 4 once cooked.  These inaccuracies make me wonder what other typos are tucked away in the book.
Ultimately unconvincing. With the credentials of these authors, I expected something better.  The book is not well-edited; typos abound and the sentence structure is frequently shaky, to say the least.  I would not normally continue reading a book that suffers from as many grammatical problems as this one does.  However, the logical and systematic way in which the authors examine the available material on abductions is interesting, and some good points are raised regarding the validity of the research that has been done thus far on this controversial subject.  This was enough to sustain my interest through about half the book; after that, I began to notice flaws within the authors' arguments which were no less inconsistent than those upon which they had harped for the better part of the book.  It appears to me that they are as prone to jump to conclusions as the investigators they criticize.  The only saving grace of this book is that it does offer a useful counterpoint and critique to hopefully improve future research in this area
some of you guys are being ridiculous here!. Sure this book is interesting, but it is biased and out of date with modern day psychiatry. Yeah they *used* to as in past tense do electric shock therapy on patients with severe mental illness.But that kind of thing is pretty unusual these days. Yes, I agree that psychiatric medications is part of a multi-million dollar business in our country. But it still does help tons of people with chemical-imbalances in their brain live a otherwise fairly normal life that they couldn't without treatment of their illness. Sure psych meds have side effects that can cause other health problems. But once the medication is taken at low doses, the side effects can be minimized or even eliminated. Usually the health problems is a temporarily result of the side effects and is treatable.Im sure *some* psychiatric care hospitals may have abused their patients in the past, but it proably happens less now with all the mental-health advocates out there prototecting the mentally ill. Also there are more patient rights now than what there used to be in past times. We are not in the dark age anymore people. Paitents do have rights, even the mentally ill! I think some of you watch too many horror movies..
Biochemistry as it isn't. With 566 previous reviews (perhaps 565 more than the book merits), it might seem that there was little more to say. However, extremely few of the 566 reviewers have any expertise in biochemistry, a subject that Michael Behe mentions not only in the title but also throughout the book. He argues that his conclusions follow necessarily from the study of biochemistry, and he implies (without going so far as to perpetrate an outright lie by saying so in so many words) that anyone with a knowledge of biochemistry will agree. This is so far from the reality that even his own academic colleagues at Lehigh University find it necessary to post a warning on the departmental web site stating that his views are his alone. Far from what Behe pretends, nearly all biochemists consider that the studies of protein and gene sequences of the past 35 years have constituted one of the triumphs of the Darwinian view of evolution, providing a huge new body of data in support of natural selection. This does not make them right, of course: truth in science is not decided democratically, and overwhelmingly preponderant opinions sometimes turn out to be wrong.Nonetheless, anyone adopting a minority position has two obligations: to acknowledge that it is, in fact, a minority position, and to offer very strong arguments that have some chance of convincing the majority. Behe doesn't bother with either of these. As he is writing primarily for non-biochemist readers he allows these readers to imagine that there is no significant opposition to his views, and as he has never tried to make his case before an audience of his peers he has not tried to deal with this opposition. Worse than that, he is content to attack Darwinian evolution without bothering to offer any kind of falsifiable hypothesis to replace it.Perhaps the most serious fault in the book is the confusion that pervades it between studies of the origin of life and studies of evolution. Although Charles Darwin did have some suggestions to make about the origin of life it is not that that he is famous for: his reputation lies in the theory of natural selection, which is not concerned with the origin of life but with its subsequent evolution. It is perfectly possible to think that there remain serious difficulties in understanding how the first organisms came to exist but at the same time that natural selection offers an almost complete explanation of evolution. Indeed, that would be the position of most biologists: hardly anyone considers that the origin of life is well understood. In the book, however, the ideas of irreducible complexity are presented as if they were an argument against natural selection, when they are nothing of the kind. Insofar as they are worth bothering with at all, they draw attention to some of the points that a theory of the origin of life will need to explain.In relation to the questions that most exercise creationists -- the degree of relationship between humans and apes -- irreducible complexity has no relevance whatsoever. All of the examples that Behe gives, such as blood clotting, operate exactly the same in chimpanzees and humans, and have precisely nothing to say about whether or when chimpanzees and humans had a common ancestor. The biochemical evidence actually goes in the opposite direction from what creationists would like: 40 years ago virtually all palaeontologists thought that the separation between humans and African apes occurred about 30 million years ago, but now almost everyone agrees that it was very much more recent, and it is precisely the mountain of biochemical data that has brought about the change. In fact Behe tells us that he finds the idea of "common descent (that all organisms have a common ancestor) fairly convincing" -- a sentence that seems to have escaped the attention of creationist readers anxious to find a real scientist saying things they think are in support of their views.With all this, why give the book two stars? The first is because one star is the least that Amazon allows, and the second is because although this book is dangerous and seriously misleading for non-specialists, it is also one that scientists, especially biochemists and molecular biologists, probably do need to make the effort to read, if only to know at first hand what the "scientific" case against evolution consists of
David Brock admits he was wrong about Anita Hill. I do not understand why this book is still in print, or at the very least is not published with a huge disclaimer on the front cover.  The author himself has admitted in more recent books (_Blinded by the Right_ and others) that he was *lying* when he wrote this book, and that he deliberately spun every piece of information about Anita Hill to discredit her.
a huge disappointment. very expensive and about as inspiring as a book of wallpaper samples.  I use this book to keep my cat from going under the loveseat.   Sorry, but why don't you buy the cabinet of natural curiosities instead?   that's about a thousand times better.
WORD GAMES. AGELESS BODY is Deepak's attempt to neutralize the word "old" as in old age.  The writer has a knack for making common words, like "body, "mind" and "self," into profound concepts.  His technique is to overlay his abstract ideas with suggestive experimental studies.  But ambiguity in interpreting these studies abound.If you like poetry, Deepak may be your read: "The billions of changes occurring in our cells are only the passing scenery of life; (P. 36)"  Or try to interpret this one: "The emptiness at the core of every atom is the womb of the universe; in the flicker of thought when two neurons interact there is an opportunity for a new world to be born. (P.40)"At times he attributes to cells and DNA a creative intelligence to direct their own construction and at other times his designer is invisible.  He would make a great spokesman for the current hocus pocus over "intelligent design."  He can't accept the growth of any cell, even a plant cell, without an intelligence involved.  He mentions and attacks evolution only one time on P. 115, asserting that the growth of a cell could never be a random process.Deepak ends up in the very same thought circle as every other writer who tries to explain life in scientific terms: Intelligence is a self organizing entity and every cell evolved is only intelligence having a conversation with itself.  Whether your word game tosses in the word "quantum" or not doesn't change much.  What a solipsistic thought; what a solipsistic world.  I wonder if his readers who actually experienced the oneness Deepak speaks of wouldn't, after awhile, go insane
Please give me more Ms. Morrison. Tony Morrison is an excellent writer. I simply anticipated more out of her before reading this book. Maybe it is my problem as a white male, but I expected more raw emotion from her characters or better insight on the people she wrote about, or, alas the plight of the African-American woman. Maybe that was the point of the book to show that all of these human emotions have been locked up due to terrible circumstance and treatment
Way too light to be 'compelling'. The debate over God and His existence/non-existence is perhaps the most intriguing discussion to occur among human beings. We all have inferences and ideas. The debate grounds all of human existence and its purpose (or accident) in existing onto a single slate. It was prominent throughout ancient history; and it still impulses a countless number of important questions: Why is everything the way it `is'? How did life really begin? Are we alone in the universe? Is Pauly Shore strong evidence against intelligent design? (Okay, I made the last one up) Suffice as it is say, no one book is going to fully convince and support a reader's belief/disbelief in God. The human mind, so enamored with stubbornness and pride, loves to resurrect roadblocks parallel to its own conceived notions, preventing vehemently a certain concept from becoming acceptable. "20 Compelling Evidences that God Exists" compiles all basic Christian belief and theory into one snuggly bunch, and while it is certainly admirable in intention, its execution, producing less compelling evidences as originally implied, generates possibly more doubt than solidification. Whether you are a Christian or atheist, Kenneth D. Boa and Robert M. Bowman's book will not sway you either way (or worse, it`ll divide you even further.)If I were an atheist, this book would be laughable. "20 Compelling Evidences" is nowhere near as constructive as C.S. Lewis or Francis Schaeffer. The "compelling" evidence in the title is disorientation, and the book proves to be "simple" evidence and a preach-to-the-choir treatise. I was longing more for a thoughtful refutation of the atheistic mindset with stronger pro-God examples. Lee Strobel, author of the "Case for..." apologetic series, explains more or less the same content as Boa and Bowman, but with much more effectiveness. The authors may want to worry that if an agnostic were to pick out this book, he would not conclude Christians have nothing to offer. The book's "because the Bible said so" approach tends to alienate facts and amplify rhetoric; and it is the clear authors wrote this with a Christian audience in mind. Not to say that the book is not valuable, as opposed to something utterly futile like, say, a Dan Brown novel. I liked the concluding appendixes of each chapter suggesting further investigative reading into the book's subjects. It was the least the authors could do to cover up their own ineptness.
Politically correct, insidious  garbage. I would call this book nonsense if only the ideas inside of it weren't so off base as to be harmful. Giving kids a proper view of reality should help them navigate the world better. This book and its lessons will not do that...it actually steers them in the opposite direction. The book provides practical ways in which your children can be taught about the horrible injustices of capitalism and the wonderful world of communism (it teaches only about the wonderful theoretical parts of communism, on a child's level). Whites are persons of privilege and only whites can be racist because only whites have the power to be oppressors. Basic skills are trashed. I kept this book...but only as a great example of how some &quot;teachers&quot; (people who SHOULD be teaching children ACADEMIC subjects but apparently don't have the time for that) are trying to indoctrinate children
Don't buy this book!. The other reviews saying "Repetitve and shallow content" are all 100% true.It repeats itself over and over again. Is not only boring but it's also extremely hard to follow.I'm an experienced java/jsp developer trying to get into web services, and this book only gave me frustration and disapointment.When I started reading this book I thought that WS technologies were very complex and hard to understand. Then I realized the only thing hard to understand is this book.I'm taking this book back to the store
A sad attempt. Harrison writes as though he desperately wishes he had something interesting to say, but knows that he does not.  To cover this lack (including that of a decent story) he attempts to copy the writing style of some of Samuel Delaney's more chaotic books, but with none of Delaney's flair.Nearly all of the book is tedious and filled to bursting with boringly insipid gratuitious sex and violence.  Sadly, his characters also lack plausable motivation for their actions.  There is little internal coherence to the story, and far too much reliance on attempted shock/weirdness value to carry the story, such as it is.It takes Harrison some 200 pages out of a 300 page book to finally start telling the story the way he should have been doing  from the beginning.  The only reason I give it a star at all is because of the last 50 to 90 pages and because of one idea he mentions in the last couple of pages.I'm severely disappointed that so many of my current favorite authors reviewed this book so highly.  I can only think that they have a policy of not pissing off anyone who may later be asked to review one of their own books
Art Without Heart. Mark's clever as a wizard but just as cold.  For fans of technique only, those to whom concerns for the characters don't matter, but being post-modern and just plain edgy is as good as it gets.  Steve Vai plays more notes than Mozart, but never played a memorable tune.  Costello's so wound up in &quot;being a writer&quot; that he forgot to make his readers give a damn.  Maybe next time, because a good book's probably in there somewhere
Ooops!  I forgot to write a story!. Alice Randall's original concept for "The Wind Done Gone" was for it to be a parody of "Gone with the Wind" in the style of "Shamela."  I haven't read "Shamela" (or "Pamela," which it is based on), but from what I have gathered, "Pamela" is a story about a virtuous woman who scorns her employer's advances, while in "Shamela," this woman is turned into a whore who was playing her employer all along.If Randall was trying to make a story like that, then she succeeded.  If "Gone with the Wind" was a world of strong, intelligent, good white Southerners and their stupid but kind-hearted black slaves; then "The Wind Done Gone" is a novel where those white people are shown to be morons and fools who understand little and are really controlled by those they thought they ruled (unless they're gay, like "Dreamy Gentleman" and "Beauty" - then they're nice people).  In this sense, "The Wind Done Gone" succeeds.Unfortunately, Randall was so busy ripping down the characters of "Gone with the Wind" that she forgot to create her own.  I totally agree that Cynara/Cinnamon/Cindy is a Mary Sue.  Unfortunately, she's not a very interesting one.  She spends most of the story whining and moping about how she is so beautiful yet no one will ever accept her because she is black and she can't believe her parents betrayed her and on and on and on...  The only time she does anything is when she leaves R. and enters into an improbable menage-a-trois with a black Congressman and a black woman who reminds her of Mealy Mouth (Melanie).  By that time, I could care less.With a boring heroine (and that's particuarly insulting, considering what a complex heroine Scarlett O'Hara was) and a story that goes nowhere, this book doesn't have much.  I didn't buy that any of the characters of "Gone with the Wind" would act as they did in this book.  The idea of Scarlett taking blame for something Cynara did, Melanie killing a slave out of anger, or Gerald having sex with Mammy is preposterous.  However, if Randall had managed to make an interesting story, I would have forgiven it.  Unfortunately, she didn't.  The only character who really benefited from any revision was Lady (Ellen O'Hara) but the revelation that she had black blood seemed to only make an unclear point.  This book is good as a curiosity, and nothing more.
Mostly unoriginal and generally uninteresting. Primarily Barry Singer's compilation (with some re-editing) of pieces he wrote for a number of publications, perhaps most notably The New York Times, Ever After: The Last Years of Musical Theater and Beyond is intriguing as surface-level look at the last couple of decades in musical theater.  It's useful for little else, however--Singer speeds through discussions of important shows, wastes time detailing events and productions of minor importance at best, and never provides a truly engaging or thought-provoking point of view.  Instead, he attempts to pass his opinions off as fact, which results in a number of statements of questionable veracity that have been noted by theater writers and critics from the esteemed Mr. Miller to Peter Filichia.  Perhaps even more unfortunate is that Singer's chronicle covers exactly the same time period as Ethan Mordden's forthcoming The Happiest Corpse I've Ever Seen: The Last 25 Years of Musical Theatre; Singer's Ever After does not stand up well to Mordden's latest volume, coming across more as a simpleton's whining screed opposite an intelligent and informed gentleman's thoughtful analysis.  Ever After is perhaps most enjoyed and appreciated by those with little functional knowledge of the workings of New York theater; they're likely to find Singer's anecdotes more interesting than people who know it's possible cover the subject in considerably more depth than Singer attempts
Searching for new medicines in the rain forest? What?. I believe that the author of this book should review it. I did not fine any searching in this book. The native people from the rain forest should be let in peace
Not for the Novice. This book has undeniably ignited the enthusiasm of veteran web developers, but it simply cannot be considered a manual for the absolute novice.As a casual hobbyist, I had high hopes for "Agile...", and for the Ruby on Rails framework generally. I should have heeded, instead, the "Agile.." introduction, which describes the text as a means of allowing professional web developers to become more efficient at their essential tasks.I'm in no position to judge whether the authors' claims are accurate in this regard. However, I can say with certainty that "Agile..." is no 'for dummies' book.Beginners should beware the extravagant claims of some reviewers who describe the "Agile..." book's flagship tutorial ('Depot') as a weekend project. I found it extremely time-consuming and, despite being peppered by textbook-style bullet-points, regularly lacking the most essential, big-picture explanations. Diagrams, for instance, would have helped immensely.This is especially true when, during the Depot tutorial, readers attempt to understand the interaction between files and the folders in which they reside. If beginners find the deceptively simple system rapidly devolves into a conceptual morass, as it did for me, they cannot, perhaps, be faulted. Neither can they expect an easy rescue.While I found this book extremely disappointing, it clearly ranks as one of the essential tomes for Ruby on Railers. The explanatory narrative and friendly prose are engagingly informal. The authors have diligently formatted chapters into sections which make sense and are clearly delineated. These enticing qualities should not deceive amateur web-enthusiasts. Keep searching for some other, simpler, and more complete book.
We need another version of this trip. Pasquale Scaturro and Gordon Brown make the first "source to sea" expedition down the Nile. It is a splendid adventure that would make a great story. Unfortunately, the author spends nearly a third of the pages interjecting musings from himself (he wasn't there) and boring the reader with sideline stories that that have little if any connection with the current expedition. Just as the reader gets swept up in the adventure, the author interupts the scene with some left field factoid and destroys any sense of cadence. It's almost as bad as being in the grip of a televised Olympic event and having it interrupted by an inane story about the father of one of the athletes.The author, Richard Bangs, wasn't on the trip but writes an almost first person narrative based on interviews with Scaturro and assorted other people. Inexplicably, he doesn't interview Gordon Brown who comprised a full 50% of the expedition. Instead he castigates Brown at every turn for being moody, violent, "silent for days", self-absorbed, etc., etc. At no point does the author offer any explanation why Brown might be behaving the way he does. The reader is left wondering why and a simple over-the-phone interview of Brown would have answered these questions.In the final chapters Bangs decides (again, without talking to Brown) that Brown's anti-social behavior is linked to a brain cancer that has long-since been cured. Not only is it a convenient way for Bangs to avoid doing his homework and writing a definitive documentary; it's a blatantly cheap shot at Brown and any other person who has been challenged with a handicap - temporary or not.This is a wonderful adventure that deserves an honest, accurate, and well rounded accounting by a first rate author who isn't afraid to dig for details and doesn't have some personal axe to grind
Confusing. After reading this book, which reads more like a piece of propaganda work, I'm not sure whether these poor women were actual brides or "comfort women" (no disrespect intended... I'm trying to be skeptical)
cute idea doesn't work. The vocabulary is too sophisticated for the target age group.  My kids asked me to stop reading it halfway through because I had to explain every other word to them.  It would be better to use it as a poem or song in a larger collection for older children
not what you want. look, the secret to law school is finding the 1 hornbook you need to survive your class. this is not it. (sorry harvard.)  this is poorly written. most indications seem to be that gilbert's is much better. for what it's worth, the other things you need are: chirelstein for contracts; glannon for civ pro; there's nothing for torts, but i suppose glannon for torts is better than the rest; chemerinsky for conlaw; i don't know if there's one for criminal, but I used gilberts.this is poorly written and poorly explained. I've heard that gilbert's is better
Out of date. I found this book to be very out of date, especially in terms of pricing and logistics in both Dublin and the Dingle area.  I went to Dingle, and found that the hostel they highly recommend as having a free shuttle no longer has a free shuttle or friendly/knowledgeable service.  The hostel with the free shuttle and friendly service was not listed...  Pretty much everything I used this book for was incorrect and I ended up spending much more than the cost of the book due to its errors
9 times out of 10. The back cover of my copy of Stranger In A Strange Land has a quote on it from the Washington Post.  It says that it's "the best of (Robert Heinlein's) many books".  Well, if this is the best Mr. Heinlein can do, then I won't bother reading any more of his books.  Stranger In A Strange Land is one of the most disappointing "classics" I've ever read.If you think you'd like a book where the Muslim character is nicknamed Stinky, the women are called "wenches", and one of the female characters says the following, "Nine times out of ten, if a girl gets raped, it's partly her fault", then this is the book for you.  I could probably overlook these missteps if only the rest of the book wasn't such hippy-dippy pseudo-intellectual garbage.Stranger In A Strange Land may have been a classic in the Sixties.  Now it's little more than an embarrassment.
Orion's Hounds - Bark Worse Than Their Bite. I bought and read the first 3 Titan books all in a row, just about as quickly as I could.  In my other reviews of the first 2 books, I stated that I enjoyed the stories, but could have done without the whole gay theme.  The stories were quite good, in my opinion, though.This 3rd book, written by a new author from the first 2 books, wasn't a very good addition to the series.  The author did a good job in writing, for the most part, but he tended to over-describe several situations in which it seemed like he was just adding fluff and words to make the book longer.  Most of these rants didn't add anything to the story.And I have to agree with one previous reviewer who said that the "star jellies" story wasn't all that interesting.  This book was the "Star Trek 5" addition to the Titan series and I hope to see the next few books much stronger additions than this one.The most annoying thing about this story was that Riker was made out to be a weakling.  His indecisive actions contradicted the Prime Directive, caused more trouble for his crew, and pretty much left Deanna in charge of  being the leader in the story.  This is NOT the Riker that we all grew to know in the TNG series.  I certainly hope that the next book includes a more powerful Captain to lead the new voyages of Titan
Poorly tested for machines?; not 100% whole grain. I have the hardcover edition of this book, and I've only tried the recipes in a bread machine.  I wanted to like this book. That said, every recipe I've tried has needed significantly (up to 25%) more liquid. It's not necessarily a reason to avoid the book, but these are not set-it-and-forget-it recipes.I wish she had given flour weights instead of just volumes. As we know, volume measurements can give significantly different ratios of dry to wet ingredients. (I admit I haven't gone back to see how she measures flour.)  Of course they can be adjusted, but you have to remember to weigh the ingredients and adjust the recipes whenever you try a new one.  She also measures the capacity of a machine in cups where most authors measure it in pounds of bread.It's cool that she gives hand, mixer, food processor and bread machine variants for almost every recipe. I wonder if the developers tested every variant or made note of every adjustment made while kneading.She could have saved many, many pages by giving the directions for each method once at the beginning, and noting changes from the basics with each recipe -- most of the directions are identical, at least for bread machines. Three paragraphs could be one line, over and over and over again.As someone else said, most of the recipes in this book are mostly white flour. In a US "whole grain" bread book I expected most recipes to be at least 50% whole grain, but the latest one I've tried (tonight) is 1/3 cup whole wheat flour to 2 1/3 cup white flour -- whole wheat flour is 13% of the total. My modern Norwegian cookbook's basic bread dough is 1/2 whole wheat and 1/2 rye flour -- it's ridiculous that in the US we think we can't make 100% whole-grain bread when the rest of the world does it every day (deliciously!)Still, there are interesting variations on basic bread; perhaps they would turn out differently if made by hand or with a mixer; and many of the "sidebar" recipes sound tasty. I hoped for easy, healthy, bread-machine bread and didn't need the extras.I'm sorry to rate it two stars, but I don't like inflating grades and I'm disappointed with the book. Had I known then what I know now, I would not have bought it.  It does not live up to its "whole grain" billing; the size of the book is inflated; and the recipes are inaccurate for bread machines and perhaps other methods.I did get my Julekage recipe from this author, but from her Great Scandinavian Baking Book.  It is excellent!  Better than Betty Crocker.  Try Laurel's Bread Book and work out the machine equivalents if you want 100% whole grain bread
A Truly Awful Book. Save your time, money and patience.  This may be the worst book I have read since the equally monotonous, predictable Stone Barrington novel "The Short Forever".  Wow, this one stinks.  Like others, I put up with the shallow characters, ludicrous dialogue and endless parade of showers, boobs and guns to figure out whodunit.  Unfortunately, this book had an ambiguous ending that seeks to be clever but is instead is just stupid.  Who on earth did kill Vance?  And come to think of it, who gives a damn?  I don't what women did to Stuart Woods but he sure seems to hold them in complete contempt.  Every female character, save for Isabel the maid, felt compelled to practically rape our handsome hero.  Each is flawless and gorgeous but also all are dumb, vacuous, self-centered and thoroughly unlikeable - hey a couple are even truly psychotic!  The only normal female character who spared Stone, Mary Ann, unfortunately has a room temperature IQ.  I am hardly a prude, but I lost count of how many women either Vance or Stone made love to in the course of one short novel and felt the need to take a long hot shower to rid myself of the feelings of filth.  Mr. Woods either lives in a world of complete ignorance or the reading public is a lot less discriminating than I thought
Too Many Pattern Mistakes. I consider myself an intermediate level crocheter and I really like a lot of the designs in this book.  However, I made the &quot;Learn to Crochet Afghan&quot; and found A LOT of mistakes in the instructions.  Even some of the basic stitch directions have typos.  I'm hesitant to start another project for fear of having to start over due to pattern mistakes
Nothing New, Just Some Tricks. All the 14 tools in this book are not new to me. The book, however, provides some insights on how to apply them to problem solving. In addition, the author devotes too much space on probability and weighting assignment to decision making (6 tools:Decision/Event Tree, Weighted Ranking,Probability Tree, Utility Tree, Utitlity Matrix, Advanced Utility Analysis). You don't miss much if you don't read it
Worst Fnatasy I have ever read. What can you say about a book that introdouces three characters in one chapter? Or has a character thats entire vocabulary seems to consist of "Hotcha, Gotcha" and says that nearly 10 times a chapter. I would honestly not care if all the people upped and died. This book has no surprises but one, a "plot twist" that was obvious 6 chapters away. Did I mention I hate the annoying, underdeveloped, characters. Oh yes. I usually like Bruce Coville, but with this book, he has bought himself to a level of unreadability that is only outclassed by the sequel
Good, but far from convincing. This book by Stan Larson does present an interesting story of Ferguson, a lawyer who had a hobby in archaeology. However, Ferguson was nothing more than that - a hobbyist in archaeology. Indeed, his historical and archaeological method would make many of those trained in these areas blush. Indeed, his cointribution to the Book of Mormon was minimal, if any, even when he did write favourably for its antiquity, such as the errant books, full of errata, he did with Bruce Warren.The real "meat" of the book lies in the so-called archaeological tests for the Book of Mormon. However, Ferguson's tests are often times ignorant of the Book of Mormon, are contradicted by modern scholarship, and even ethnocentric. FOr example, bellows are mentioned as an anachronism in the Book of Mormon. However, bellows are only mentioned in an Old World context, not a New World context, in Bountiful (probably Wadi Sayq in Oman) in 1 Nephi 17. Bellows have been found in areas in the Old World pre-dating the Book of Mormon volume, so any charge of such representing an anachronism is a non sequitur.Furthermore, "grapes" are mentioned as an anachronism. However, types of grapes have been known to be native to ancient Mesoamerica, as botanists have noted, and are referred to as "vitis." Again, the mention of grapes in the Book of Mormon is errant.Much more could be said about the mistakes contained in this text. I would suggest one to read John L Sorenson, "An ancient American setting for the Book of Mormon" (Salt Lake City, Utah: Deseret Books, 1985), as it deals well with the issue of Book of Mormon material culture, and in an even more scholarly manner than Larson does in this text, as did Ferguson who he cites.I welcome sincere feedback at Robert.S.Boylan@nuim.i
Biased. Unfortunatley, Ms. Ornstein's book is not based on actual research, but rather on pre-established suppositions. The gender climate of a school is best evaluated by looking at two factors - student grades and disciplinary actions.  If male students have lower grades than female students, and/or if more male students are disciplined than female students, then it is clear that the school is anti-boy and is simply not trying to teach male students.  Fortunatley, parents are waking up to this fact, and there have been several lawsuits (most notably in Wisconsin) challenging public schools gender bias against male students.  The so called "gender-fair" class menitoned in this book wasn't - since not as many male as female students received "A's".This book also does not evaluate issues outside of school.  For example, the best measure of the status of a demographic group is to look at mortality rate.  The fact that male students in all demographic groups have a higher mortality rate than female students is not discussed.  This is particularly important since a major contributing factor to this trend is the fact that adolescent males have a higher suicide rate than adolescent females.  Orenstein also does not discuss this gender gap in arrest rate.Again, the "health" of a demographic group in school is easy to evaluate - simply look at grades and discipline.
Poisonous Misinformation. The most depressing thing about a book like this is not the outrageously inaccurate content, but, based on the high ratings and adulatory comments by other reviewers, that most people actually believe this drivel. How can we possibly form an effective energy policy when the citizenry are not only uninformed but ill-informed? The answer is that we cannot. I will not bother to go through a detailed criticism, not only because it would take an almost book length document to do it, but because, in the highly politicized atmosphere we live in, no one would believe it. Today, the "truth" depends much more on one's political views than on an objective evaluation of the evidence.
probably the most boring book I've ever had to read. I was forced to read this in 10th grade but could hardly bear reading it.  Initially, I'd had high hopes for it, because we'd read such intelligent, intriguing novels earlier in the year, including "Lord of the Flies" and "Catcher in the Rye."  But what a bore it was! Old Santiago goes out to fish, hoping to catch the "big one" (drawing on the innate male desire to always catch the best, biggest thing.."that must mean I'm macho, a real man!"), blah blah blah, can't catch anything, blah blah blah, and when he finally catches the big one, it is eaten by sharks. The stupidest book ever. I've never been a Hemingway fan, and this book steered me further away from his work.  A pathetic book by a pathetic man
This is worthless. I bought this expecting to get 101 generic rock licks that I could use while improvising, but that's not what this book is.  It's just a variety of very recignizeable bits and pieces of various songs, some rhythm parts, some solo parts.  I would only recommend this if you're interested in learning three or four bars of a Nirvana song, two or three bars of a Pink Floyd song, etc.  Like, "Impress your friends by knowing the first two bars of Lithium by Nirvana".  You may as well just buy the songbooks for your favorite albums and get the whole songs - it's not like there's any analysis of anything in here.  I can't see any purpose in this book existing except maybe if you're thinking of buying a Fender Cyber-Twin amp, this is a great demonstration of all the sounds that it can produce
Don't always believe what you read. This book is a sad compilation of environmental propaganda. To speak of timber harvests in the &quot;billions&quot; of board feet when the industry is vertially extinct is just wrong. The Tongass region is the home of  thousands of hardworking, resource-based individuals who don't want their  lives to be misportrayed as this book has done. Alaskans have managed the  resources of the state responsibly and the author does an injustice by not  honestly explaining this fact
Teenager's Opinion. One word.... Sentimentality.  That word sums up this entire book.  This book was on the 10th grade reading list and I can honestly say that I thoroughly disliked it from start to finish.  It gets two stars for the language, metaphors, and descriptions within it, but nothing more.This book is based entirely on trying to get an emotion out of the reader, which in this case is sympathy.  I find sentimental writing to be very poor and I just can't get into it, but to each his own.  I wouldn't object to anyone wanting to read this book as their personal tastes might allow them to squeeze some enjoyment from it but I would never go so far as to reccomend it to anybody.Don't get me wrong.  The language used throughout the novel as well as the change in perspective is a breath of fresh air compared to the meat of story itself.  My belief is that the only reason this book ended is because the author could not think of any other tragic events that could occur.--ti
important but flawed. I was very curious about this book, because John Harris runs the best political journalistic operation the business at the Washington Post and Mark Halperin runs the smartly written but nauseatingly cynical "The Note."  Would it be full of the blunt but smart analyses I see in the Post or the snarky, generally pro-Republican stuff you see in The Note?The answer is a mix.  On the one hand, you have pages upon pages of sucking up to Drudge, Limbaugh, and the rest of the right-wing noise machine.  On the other, you have real bombshells, like the admission that press crew who travelled with Gore (specifically, Kit Seelye and Ceci Connelly) may have cost Gore the 2000 presidency.  In the end, I find this tremendously disappointing: two writers with amazing access and great political acumen for the most part waste their time pulling their punches about the press corps and how it operates.That said, I would have given this a higher rating were it not for two factors: (1) the fact that neither will admit that their own news operations are to a certain extent responsible for the power of what they call the "Freak Show" and (2) the excessive worship of Clinton and Rove, neither of whom is the political genius they are made out to be here (in my opinion).And there's one other thing: I find Mark Halperin to be a deeply troubling figure, both here (in the passages that are clearly his) and in The Note.  Clearly intelligent, he seems motivated primarily by the desire to curry favor with the powerful.  He, and people like him, are a large part of the reason why we now have political dynasties, such as the Bushes and Clintons, which we never had before in the history of this countryI think that if Harris -- whose other writing I admire greatly -- had written this with a different partner this might have been a great book.  Instead, what it is at some level is a brilliant mistake
charming, bourgeois, harmless. By chance before picking this up I had just finished The Heart is a Lonely Hunter by Carson McCullers, and was struck by the similarities and differences. It's a great "compare and contrast" pair, as an exercise for high-schoolers.Both are written as first-person accounts by teen-aged girls and are roughly contemporary. Heart published in 1940, and Castle in 1948, both about life in the 30s.Both families are poor. In Castle though, there is never any question that the girls might go off and get jobs. This is supposedly because they "don't know how to do anything". So instead they sell off their belongings and get by on scraps of bread and the odd bit of butter. How charming! They are "eccentric", which seems enough in the author's eyes to exempt them from the expectation of supporting themselves. Only Stephen the handsome young son of the late housekeeper, enamored of Cassandra, does work and gives the family his entire salary. But he is of the class that is expected to toil after all. Even he is rewarded in the end--able to avoid labor with an easy job similar to that of step-mum Topaz--striking poses.Unlike the looming and grinding poverty of Heart then, the poverty in the Castle never amounts to more than a lark--educated folks playing at being poor until they're rescued by romantic circumstance. Not so in America where Mick Kelly, who didn't know how to do anything either, went off to work at Woolworth's, and to a life of little hope.In Castle the solution comes in the form of that classic deus ex machina, the inheritance. Two dashing young wealthy Americans one of whom has inherited the castle, show up just in time, with their chatty modern mum. They throw money around and talk too much, in the cliched extravagant American style. Most of the remainder of the novel consists of Cassandra and her sister Rose swooning over one brother or the other, with an eventual romantic result that assures all the characters of economic well being.It's all so very charming, bourgeois, and harmless. If your life is hard don't worry--a man will show up to rescue you!The reviews for this novel in Amazon are overwhelmingly positive. Smith was obviously talented. Her writing is elegant and a pleasure to read. I wish she had given Cassandra a little more ambition.
Nothing against Kaplan, but... Myself, my peers, and my teaching assistant for my math class equally agree that this book isn't that great.  Topics have few examples, if none at all, and can be hard to follow. It only has one color ink, black; and with all the text so close together with nearly the same font and size it's hard to find key equations from previous chapters.  This may be the best book out there for advanced calculus, but it desperately needs to be revised and reorganized
Not useful for a normal coder looking to learn Unix drivers. If you are trying to learn how to write Linux Device drivers from scratch, this is probably not the book for you. I believe I am somewhat C/C++ savvy, and I expect sample code that is less than 10 lines of code to compile correctly.The sample code did not compile, and although the book has a lot of tidbits of good information, overall it is not very useful for a developer
Make it stop!. This book is TERRIBLE.  It is perhaps the slowest-paced book I have ever read.  We know from the back cover that Noble is going to die & Celeste is going to be made his surrogate.  This has the potential for great stories, intriguing psychological drama, and other things one might look for in a book like this.  But not when it takes half the author hundreds of pages just to get to what should be the starting point.  The reader is forced to sit through page after page of the family eating dinner, or playing in the yard, or other pointless minutiae that serve to develop neither the plot nor the characters.  Not to mention that it's written in a simplistic style that might be considered artistic when the narrator is 7, but is merely degrading by the time she reaches adulthood.Do yourself a favor and watch paint dry.  It would go faster and be more worthwhile than this book
Boring. The author is reusing a similar plot device than in "Twisted":  a somewhat obscure reference material that shows up late in the book and clarifies everything. That is a poor strategy for a mystery novel, because the reader expects to be given clues so as to be involved in the logical process of solving the crimes.The narrative in general is not Kellerman at his best, either. The characterizations are so shallow that one wonders all the time why the characters act like they do.A small part of the book talks about Brazil, and Kellerman simply invents a couple of Portuguese words making them sound Spanish:  ("favilla", "favillitos"). One wonders how much of the author's research is similarly fictional.In sum, a book carelessly executed
Paradoxical references. I was very surprised and dissapointed to find so many biblical references in a book with such a title
A very BIG disappointment. JAK books are, imho, one of the best in the market right now.Her stories are spun from a truly talented mind, with determined yet understanding heroines and dark brooding heroes, and laced with humour and wit that never fail to bring smiles and laughter. PERFECT PARTNERS however, sadly lacked this winning JAK formula. It comes across as an absolutely frustrating novel, with a bossy and oftentimes irritating heroine, and a narrow-minded  henpecked hero.Definitely the worst JAK book around
Waste of Time. I thought this book would be a page turner because of my previous experience with medical novels. It was anything but. The characters names and who they represented were too numerous and too confusing to remember.  There was more trite dialog than was necessary and very little medical plot early in the novel for my taste. Don't waste your time or money
USELESS BUNK. Obviously, the rantings of a depressed, selfish and self-righteous woman, who for if these issues were not enoughof a challenge, believes in the fraudulent and assaninethinking of Freud. To bad she didn't kick the bucket beforeshe had the opportunity to launch such a demented attack on the very core of society, and what brings meaning to life: family.This sad woman's physical appearance, almost confirms the above alone - just a miserable, frustrated witch.
Philosophy of bunk. As a vegan, eco-minded, anti-sexist/anti-homophobic punk, I'm guessing I'm supposed to like this, but I don't. This is not THE philosophy of punk; hell, I'm not sure such a definitive thing even exists. It's one man's badly argued, inarticulate take on punk rock. Which is fine in itself, but when he makes bizarre, wide-ranging assertions about what it is, who punks are, and the history of punk, and then has the guts to make it sound like a punk catechism, he's in way over his head.Punk rock to Craig O'hara appears to be a perfect and finished system of thought, or rather leftist protest punk does. Any other part of punk culture isn't real; it's all either facists or fasion victims. Whole chapters are devoted to the 'scourges' of the Straight Edge and skinhead scenes, which he basicly writes off by providing bone-headed quotes from Vegan Reich and Agnostic Front, respectively. Since I know skinheads who don't listen to Agnostic Front, LOTS of sXe kids who don't listen to Vegan Reich, and members of both scenes who are peaceful, cool guys, I have to wonder what he's getting at.Similarly, statements such as "when it comes to choosing a political ideology....punks are primarily anarchists" are beyond puzzling. Where does he get this? It certainly doesn't jive with my observations. Nor do statements like "punks...respect a woman's right to choose" and "punks...regard organized religion...as anti-individual, and just plain dumb". I know pro-life punks, religious punks, plenty of non-anarchist punks. I know racist, meat-eating, sexist, litering, violent, conformist, and homophobic punks, but to read thsi book you'd think these things were all oxymorons.Music gets a short shrift too; Craig mentions a few gigs and bands purely for political perspective, and gives less than a page to punk rock's (pre-political) origins. How a supposedly definitive book on Punk leaves out PUNK ROCK, I have no idea. Iggy Pop doesn't even get mentioned once, and any pre-CRASS bands will maybe get a sentence in the beginning. Though probably not.I would claim this should have stayed as a thesis paper, but that would be too generous. Even as a paper, it's deficiencies in coherence, flow, and objectivity would limit it's usefulness. Acedemic types will cringe; old punks will cringe; young impressionable punks will get a lot of slanted misinformation; the occasional leftist punk who doesn't mind a bit of intellectual dishonesty will eat it up.The extra star is for the collected flyers and gig photos, and for pity. It's basicly a one star deal
Too much detail.. not enough story. After reading so many chick books, I was really expecting something really good out of Carole Matthews, unfortunately I didn't. I thought she put way too much detail into everything, which seemed to drag everything too much. I got bored of all the detail, ad it didn't seem like she was focused on the story. There were no twist to this story it was just plain. I wouldn't recommend this book, and not to mention the last page was the worst.. Bad ending, bad book, period
Details, details, details. I am so used to Andre Norton using just the right amount of details to stimulate my imagination and then leaving it up to me to fill in, that I found this book very draggy.  It wants to tell you everything and leaves  nothing to the imagination.  I have never read anything by Susan Schwartz  but if this is her effect on Andre Norton's work I don't think I will.   Sorry, I like Andre Norton's style.  And, while she collaborates well with  some people, I don't feel that this is one of those times
The movements may be good - A pity the author is difficult to stand... I bought this book because I became curious after reading the various posted reviews. I do Yoga occasionally, and I was lucky enough to find an excellent book when I was 14 (over 25 years ago...), which was written by a Briton who was extremely balanced, pleasant, and clear in his writing. I cannot say that this book had the same effect on me. I found the author of the secret art rather pompous and arrogant and, in the circumstances, this made it harder for me to take seriously the whole book. While the movements make a nice workout, which I have no doubt can be healthy and cleansing of both mind and body, the messenger is not a very good advertisement. Making fun and speaking with such superiority about everything that is not the secret art, and accusing just about everybody of being superficial and stupid (unless, of course, one practices the art) suggests to me that the art in question has not really worked its magic on this teacher. Giving advice about being tolerant and well-disposed towards others sounds pretty moot, coming from this source. I gave the book two stars because of the practical part, even though I found some of the explanations of the movements rather wanting, although overall clear enough
Don't read in front of an open fire. Richard Pipes's Property and Freedom, offered by him as the work of a "dilettante", is professor emeritus of Russian and Soviet history at Harvard. He is the author of at least twelve other books, including A Concise History of the Russian Revolution (1995) and The Unknown Lenin (1996). His books are written in an agreeable prose, a passport across any boundary, but one. In conscience, Property and Freedom cannot be recommended except, perhaps, to someone who is dying of incurable boredom and needs a dose of it to go over the side, for rare is the person who can read this book without slumping over it, and wise is the person who does not read it in front of an open fire. As the great 19th century historian Jacob Burckhardt wrote, it is good for a specialist to be a dilettante in other fields, but he should be one "privately" (Burckhardt, Weltgeschichtliche Betrachtungen (Munich, 1978), 16). Pipes instead chose to write a book.Pipes wrote Poverty and Freedom to prove that liberty and the right to property are "connected", an idea that emerged in the seventeenth century and that no one contests. He claims, however, that though the idea is old, the historical evidence for this uncontested idea has not been gathered, and hence his book. It is doubtful that, after reading it, the reader will learn what he did not know at the beginning, and that is that rights have not "evolved" in a Darwinian garden, they are not sociobiological specimens, and they are not the result of theological epiphanies. They are powers that have been granted or seized because those who would deny them would suffer. All else - tracts, scrolls, philosophies, testaments, beliefs religious or pagan, all of the scenery and scripts that we call history, are as nothing compared with the central fact of power and its location. Magna Carta, for example, benefitted English barons, not Englishmen at large, and freedom of speech originated not in the mouth of an English divine or philosopher but in the grant of the English crown driven by the need of money to grant them to the House of Commons.For the history of the idea of property, Pipes recounts the thinking of Western philosophers, theologians, and political theorists. We are treated to the differing views of Plato and Aristotle, the influence of Stoicism on Christianity, the immense contribution of Roman jurists, the radical opinions of St Thomas Aquinas, the inspiriting of capitalism by Calvin, the derisable ideas of the "noble savage" and "Utopia", and on and on through the Law of Nature, Grotius, Hobbes, Harrington, Locke, Rousseau, and the calling in, of all people, Wordsworth and Coleridge, all of this and one has reached only page 49, with last-page 328 a rumored oasis in the distance, reachable after one has run barefoot over 907 footnotes in which one's closing eyes may find six languages to feast upon. If this book has one constant flaw, it is its daunting incantation of facts and opinions that fly by like freight trains, all to prove that the right to property is essential to liberty. The flaw may be forgivable on the ground that Pipes, a Polish Jew who fled Poland in 1940 at the age of ten, has for decades lived intellectually with the murderous sweep of Marxist Communism, fixed at 20,000,000 under Stalin, and 120,000,000 throughout the earth (See, Stephane Courtois et al., Le livre noir du communisme (Paris: Laffont, 1997)).For property as an institution, Pipes examines history, psychology, anthropology, and sociobiology, to prove to us, a people consecrated to materialism, that acquisitiveness is universal among humans as well as animals. He coverspossessiveness in animals, including insects, from protozoa to primates, careful to include dragonflies and the beloved three-spined stickleback. At one point he writes, "Such examples can be multiplied ad infinitum", causing this reviewer to reflexively drop his book. Nor does the acquisitive behavior of children escape Pipes's cascade of what must be thousands of 4 by 6 index cards. Following children, presumably in logical progression, are "possession among primitive peoples" and "societies of hunters and gatherers". The myth of a primitive communism is bound and taken to the scaffold, while private property in antiquity, feudal and mediaeval times, is reported, together with the creation of the state as the guarantor of ownership.Pipe points to England as the classic illustration of how private wealth came to restrain public authority. Parliament, the servant of the crown from the 11th to the 15th century, then its partner from the 16th to the early 17th century, became the crown's master in the 1640's. The secret, described by Pipe in  habitual detail, was simple. The crown needed money. The "people" had it or controlled it and demanded freedoms and reforms for it. He traces English history from pre-Norman times through the development of the common law, the crucial history of English taxation, the history of the Tudors, Stuarts, the Commonwealth, and the Revolution of 1688.By way of comparison to England's history, the story of patrimonial Russia, including two and a half centuries of serfdom and seventy years of Communist rule during the latter of which Russians were deprived of liberties to a degree hitherto unknown on earth, is painstakingly set forth in proof of how the absence of the right of property makes tyrannical government possible. Like its predecessors, this chapter sorely needed surgery. It is overloaded with historical material that satisfies only a narrow scholarly interest. Still, there are matters that might engage the reader, particularly Pipes's development of the idea that Russians historically saw sovereign power as the source out of which property issued, and the fact that Russian liberals under the Tsar saw law as the cornerstone of liberty but did not see the connection between law and private property.In Pipes's last chapter, he tours our welfare capitalist state, complaining that entitlements create dependence, environmental laws are oppressive, minimum wage laws interfere with freedom of contract, banks are pressured into minority loans, rent control is bad economics, administrative agencies are governmental islands broken away from the continental shelf, taxation of personal income unjustly redistributes wealth, affirmative action in employment is the most egregious form of governmental interference, the government takes property by regulating its use, and so on, providing a communal table at which readers of this review  at this moment are selecting their favorite complaints.Pipes's book invites criticism, but there is in this his last chapter a sudden, disarming admission.  A way, he writes, must be found to preserve property as a fundamental human right while, at the same time, "ensuring fundamental social justice". Had Pipes but written a slim, creative volume on social justice in a capitalist state, he might have given us something worth fifty books on the connection between property and freedom. The way to preserve the right to property and to assure social justice, he argues, is mainly "by attitudes which determine how laws and institutions are employed." This reviewer would put it another way. On the one hand, welfare capitalism offers the best opportunity for realizing freedom and achieving productivity while assuring minimum benefits to those least fortunate. On the other hand, working and middle class majorities may demand too much equality with the rich, thus impairing the prospect of long term economic productivity and giving too little equality to theunderprivileged to satisfy their right to human development. Thus, the justice of welfare capitalism depends on the virtue of moderation by all classes for the sake of the common good. Imperfect as the analogy may be, it is somewhat like one ship towing another at sea. The knack is to keep both ships "in step" by using a tow line of such a length that the ships meet the waves and ride over them together, otherwise one vessel might be in a trough while the other is on a crest, causing the line to slacken and then tauten with sudden violence, doing neither much good. So too in welfare capitalism. The expectations of the classes must be such that one does not destroy the other, otherwise they will all go down.
Sad story...even sadder storytelling. You can't help but be sad about this autobiography... but I couldn't tell if it was the story or the writing.  If you love books about random name dropping (without any real reason why) then this book is for you.  I was expecting a bit more substance but realized 1/4 through the book that all I was getting was a shallow story of how a young girl received every material item she'd ever want and searching to fullfil the longing for the 'mom' she never had.All I ask if she give me some of her prescription meds to calm my anger of spending money on this garbage.  Save your money, time, and anger...this book has a good story, but the author completely misses on any anticipated moral takeaways that you are led to believe will surface
700+ pages of reader suffering. This novel started out pretty good in that I didn't know where Koontz was going with Martie's panic attacks and fear of herself.  It seemed to take FOREVER for anything to actually happen. The antagonist was a caricature.  So over-the-top, it was a job getting through each page. If this had been my first Koontz novel, I probably wouldn't bother with a second.
The only disappointing Falco. The only misstep so far in a wonderful series.  I was so eager for the book, I got a copy of the British edition, before it got to the US.  But I was disappointed.  Somehow this just just doesn't get off the ground.  Could Davis be tiring of Falco?  It seems to me that she is.  Maybe it's time to DO something, Lindsey!  Make some real changes in tbe characters' situations or kill them off.  Real dullness in the supporting cast and plot, and the main characters (besides Falso, who always has a life of his own) pall
Not for Single Mothers by Choice. This book is good for some situations, but it is not appropriate for planned single parent families, i.e. through donor insemination or adoption.  More specifically, it is designed for talking about why the man who fathered you is not here, not for talking about why I chose to start a family with you without a father
Very Dated Material. This book outlines a few things about growing cannabis that you may find stunning to read but when you put it into practice you soon find out that it is very vague and sometimes incorrect. I picked up this book because nearly everyone who grows has it, but growers do not actually recommend it for practical use. There is absolutely no way this book will teach you grow large potent bud. It will teach you how to grow an amateur plant with low yields. The curing techniques are also dated. It is fun to read if you want to learn about stone-d age (Excuse the pun)70's growing. Twenty years on the whole world has changed and this book has stood still. This book will lead you to believe that you have a brown thumb more than a green thumb if you put it into practal use. Great explaination of cannabis terms, but nothing you won't find in any standard dictionary. Fun to read, dissapointing to put into practical use. Too much misinformation to sort through. Check through the chapter on nutrients for an example and put them into practical use. You will soon find that it wrong. I do not recommend this book. Find something else.....anything else
Paranoid much?. I was expecting a historical account of SIGINT, but what I found was on the verge of mysterious black helicopters and alien autopsies. I am not even half way through and I don't think I can finish it. Not only is some of the basic technical open source information inaccurate (try google), but a lot of his statements are suppositions or suspicions of an imaginative kid.If you are looking for a book that has accurate historical information about signal reconnaissance, try: The Price of Vigilance : Attacks on American Surveillance Flights by Larry Tart and Robert Keefe ( I initially thought Chatter was by the same author, big mistake!
Contains errors. The forms are incorrect. James Lee was a student of Bruce Lee, therefore the errors in his forms are understandable. If you want to get a rough idea of what Wing Chun looks like, then get this, but I wouldn't recommend that you learn from it. Wing Chun cannot be learned from books
A highly agrivating pile of schlock. Frustrated authors take note, you can be published and you don't even have to worry about little details such as punctuation, sentence clarity, story, structure or grammar. Cormac McCarthy proves it eloquently with "All the Pretty Horses." Had McCarthy ever bothered to revise this draft he might of had a story, however he just cranked it out of his typewriter or computer put a stamp on it and shot it over to some publisher, who was either drunk or high or both, who thought "What the hell, let's print a really awful story and promote the hell out of it. I'm sure people will buy it, after all Americans don't care about grammar anyway."I'm not going to dive into the plot of the story- you can read it above. This book falls short of one of the best in literature. How they compare this guy to Faulkner is beyond me, the comparrison is an insult to Faulkner and people who read books in general. Most fifth graders can write better, more enthralling naratives.
mildly funny. this book was mildly funny but very juvenile... more of a gag gift sort of book than a hysterical read... i found it boring after the billionth f-bomb..
Confusing on audio. Woolf's style of writing (changing between several characters' thoughts) causes difficulty for one to follow this novel on audio. The paperback proved to be easier for me.
a very bad reason to kill trees. Ok, first of all, read that ttle again. Don't you love how idiotic grown ups sounds when they try to, like, borrow the vernacular twists of their offspring for ironic employment in a, like, polemical setting? Reminds me of Cusack's dad in 'Better off Dead,' the way he keeps trying to talk to his son on his son's level. There's so much bad faith and pretension permeating this book- it's all there in the title...As for the' author's "polemic," it basically consits of numerous, misinformed, tendentious tracts soldered together into a rusty heap. You've heard this spiel before, most likely from your grandparents or parents who just don't get it- that they had their time. This is our era. Our use of language reflects and underlines our differences from those who came before.I particularly didn't like his seeming dismissal/blanket statement on hip hop. He really ain't down with the brothas, which is not surprising, given that he's a black intellectual, and there's nothing established black academics like more than a long-winded, whingeing harangue about the endemic evils of hip hop Kulture. Ugh. He doesn't even seem to possess much of a knowledge of hip hop artists or their work... Nada... There is much that I find execrable in said culture and in it's major 'artists' but still how can one overlook its myriad unifying and artistic elements... Even I manage not to fall prey to an all-too-easy reductionist formula, which seems to be the The main point here- the author views the degredation of the english Language through the lens of pop culture at large (as a bad thing, mind you), it begins in the evil counterculture 60's and... you know...Digressive, ranting out-of-context mixed with counter-intuitive psuedo-linguistic gibberish. For example, the author holds up both Dylan and Tom waits as examples of artists who are reverred not for their songwriting abilities, but more for their authenticity, thir 'genuineness'. This is plain false. Laughably false. I've never met a fan of either artist who wasn't struck by their strange and completely idiosyncratic use of language. Moreover, the author seems to feel that pop culture music is driven by whites emulating blacks. True, up to a point. I love this stance, and from Chuck Berry to James Brown to Miles Davis to Funkadelic to Fishbone to Bad Brains, to the innumerable black influences on The Clash, I will never tire of pointing out that, basically, it's all black music. One would think that, at least on some level, this is a good thing... But no, it leads back to the counter-kulture (with a k) ideals that have subverted language...????HUH?The saddest thing is that, as a reactionary elitist, I'm inclined to agree with many of the author's basic points. But both his presentation and his defense of his points were so hare-brained and wrong, I just felt sullied. With friends like these...
How I Spent My Summer Vacation, Looking for Pirate Women... That should have been the title of the book. I was really disappointed. There was very little about Grace O'Mally, and more about what she did on her vacation.I really didn't care why she changed her name or where she stayed or that she got sick and couldn't go row-boating. I just wanted to know about women's roles at sea, which she did cover a bit, but she could have done in a 100 page paperback instead
All's well that ends well. This is a novel in superlative style: 'heroic, magnanimous, exalted, brightly, caressingly, exquisite, fascinating, wonderful, sublime, radiant, delightful ...'It confronts and mingles very superficially two impoverished Europeans with members of a wealthy Boston bourgeoisie family in a play of misunderstood sentiments and love.There is absolutely not a shade of a discussion of the social/mental difference between Europe and the US at the end of the 19th century.This book doesn't 'say nothing' (Thomas Hardy, quoted in the introduction), but nearly nothing. It hardly surpasses the level of a three-penny stationary novel, compared with the works of a Dostoevsky or a Flaubert.It is terribly sentimental and the tears flow easily.Only for Henry James fans
Racist Classist Megalomaniac Talks A Little About Heroin. After hearing some decent things about this book, I was surprised at just how uninteresting and often offensive of a read it turned out to be.  Marlowe is accurate in some of her depictions of heroin use in the East Village of New York and way off base in others.  I chalk this up to everyone's experiences being different (however, I certainly don't think a one-bag-a-day habit with weeks off in between makes her an authority on addiction by any stretch of the imagination).  What I don't understand is why she felt the need to go into such great detail about her rather boring life between her discussions of the dope world.  Most of her anecdotes had little to no bearing on the story she was trying to tell and were mind-numbingly dull.  I found her narrative to be very disjointed and incoherent.  But what I found most repugnant was her better-than-thou attitude towards those of a lower class or darker skin tone (e.g. assuming dark-skinned men who didn't think to aspire to become more than security guards must not have gotten support or affirmation in their homes growing up, like she did).  She herself says that she became interested in street-life and street people in order to increase her "coolness" factor.  Sure she dabbled in drug use and in the East Village culture, but that does not make her an authority, and she does not paint a very true portrait of either.  If you want a good portrayal of street life and heroin use from the inside, read Seth Morgan's Homeboy.  If you want elitist drivel, this book should do the trick
A Disaster in Chinatown... For those expecting a definitive chronicle of this show, be prepared for a major disappointment.  While he has seemingly done his homework, author David Lewis has so little ability as a writer that his considerable research is almost entirely undermined.  Lewis, not blessed with a tremendous vocabulary, repeats words two or three times within a paragraph.  The book is a grammatical nightmare, filled with awkward wordings, endless speculation, unattributed quotes and -- most irritating of all to theater historians  -- inexcusable errors of title ("SINGING IN THE RAIN"), time ("Juanita Hall, fresh from HOUSE OF FLOWERS," which, of course, closed more than three years before DRUM) and place (the "Virginia Street Theatre" on 52nd Street).  It's no secret that, in this day and age, book editors have become marketers, and FLOWER DRUM SONGS, like many other books of its kind, reads as though it has never seen the redlining pen of an editor.   The book is also cheaply published; the photos have a washed-out look that suggest a third or fourth economy printing.  Finally, readers will notice that the book was written without the cooperation of the R&H Organization.  Small wonder!  Beyond the wretched writing, Lewis comes unnecessarily close to slander in his description of the composers' lives at the time of FLOWER DRUM SONG.  His speculative attack to his material erases his credibility within two chapters.  We all know the sinking feeling we get when reading the work of someone who simply doesn't know his stuff.  That sinking feeling pervades every page of FLOWER DRUM SONGS.  It was a great idea, utterly botched in the execution, and so unworthy of its steep retail price
Old School. My tape cassette reads, "Updated for the 90's." Well, on this tape you will learn tired, worn closing lines that were old far before the 90's. My advice, get your hands on a book called THE ACCIDENTAL SALESMAN by Chris Lyttle. He also has a audio sales training products on this website
sewing and fabrics. This book offers absolutely nothing of value.  As a person who sews, I was very disappointed
preachy and whiny. While this book brought up some very good issues about how terrible overweight people are treated, I found it preachy and many times got irritated with Lara's whining.I can understand that she's feeling sorry for herself because she used to be a beauty queen and now she's one hundred pounds overweight.  But I don't want to read that same thing a zillion times, right up to the end of the book.  It made me lose sympathy for Lara, and by the end of the book I thought she was a stuck up brat.  I also had difficulty with her disease, Axell-Crowne Syndrome.  It isn't real - the author made it up.  And because of this disease, Lara felt superior to other overweight people because gaining weight wasn't her fault.  Stuck up brat strikes again.  To top it off, she gets mad at other people for assuming she was overweight from eating too much, yet she assumed that exact thing with other overweight people.  How does she know the person she's looking down on isn't also suffering from Axell-Crowne Syndrome?  It's hard to relate to a hypocrite, especially one who never seems to learn her lesson and grow from it.  I didn't like other messages in the book either, such as Suzanne's gorgeous boyfriend, Tristan, hating that Suzanne is overweight.  If the point of the book is to say not everyone can be thin and that's okay, then why doesn't Tristan love Suzanne for who she is, regardless of her weight?Anyway, I could list all the things I didn't like about this book, but it would take too long and I've got other things I'd rather do
Stupid!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!. I don't like this stupid book! It only teaches kids that "strangers" are bad people that wanna hurt you for fun, and the only "nice" people are the people you know. A kid in my brother's kindergarten class was too afaid to leave his house because of this book. They should of changed the title to "The Berenstain Bears Learn About Demented Killing Strangers.
Barely Relevant. Mr. Ferrazzi ignores the distinct advantage that he has had throughout his career: he is an Ivy-league grad.  While I found some of his insights to be helpful, he glosses over his educational background as though he presumes that all of his readers come from privileged upbringings.  While he attempts to diffuse his obvious advantages by opening with a discussion of his working-class roots, Mr. Ferrazzi loses steam on the very next page, writing about all of the the great schools he attended and the fact that he caddied at a country club. Caddying at a country club is not a degrading, confidence-busting job for a kid, working as a cashier at CVS is.  How does the CVS kid network his way out?In one point in the book, Mr. Ferrazzi creates a lot of build up about an event he attended and how much anxiety he felt.  The big denouement was that he had a connection through Yale.  This is not compelling.  I was expecting him to have had to actually overcome something.There are some good insights in the book, but few that I hadn't heard before.  I'm not sure that this book has shed any light on anything aside from the advantages of belonging to ivy-league networks
At least I didn't buy this book ... No stars should be an option!  I picked this out of someone's trash bag on the sidewalk.  Which should have told me something about it, but I needed something to read on the bus.  Reading this was like settling for a candy bar you "kind of" like - you eat it, but it's not what you really want and it doesn't satisfy you.  I found it stupid, boring and pointless.  I threw it back into a trash bag when I finished it (yes, I finished it - once I start a book, I have to finish it).  I am not inclined to read anything else by her - I refuse to call her an author, because she can't write.
Pedantera en estado puro. Todos los tpicos tienen algo de verdad, y aqul que dice que Borges es un escritor pedante para pedantes no es en absoluto una excepcin. Sus historias, a pesar de estar cuajadas en ocasiones de ideas interesantes, se ven total y completamente empaadas por el afn didctico y pomposo del autor a la hora de inundar sus escritos con referencias tanto reales como imaginarias a todo tipo de obras, autores, sucesos, etc, etc. Sus cuentos suelen adoptar ms bien la forma de un ensayo o de una disertacin filosfica que la de un relato convencional. Esto bien podra parecer algo original y audaz a simple vista, pero su ya mencionado didactismo, su escaso ritmo y la casi nula caracterizacin de sus personajes, restan muchsima fuerza a unas historias que, entre tanto aderezo culto y metaliterario, pierden todo aliciente a los ojos de cualquiera que haya disfrutado de narradores ms hbiles y conocedores del medio en el que se mueven.Todava estoy tratando de dilucidar por qu diablos cosas como "Ficciones" o "El Aleph" estn consideradas como obras maestras cuando su inters no me parece que vaya ms all de lo puramente anecdtico. A todas luces el de Borges es un caso claro de egocentrismo o de vastas influencias literarias mal asimiladas.Los aduladores borgianos, esa grimosa secta compuesta (generalmente) de elitistas literarios, seguramente dira, leyendo crticas como la ma, que la razn por la que Borges me desagrada es "porque no lo entiendo". Nada de lo que preocuparse, pues es bien sabido que para ellos toda aquella crtica negativa a su escritor de cabecera viene dada desde la frustracin de quien no logra aprehender al "seor del bastn". No falla, probad a poner en duda la grandeza del argentino, y ya veris cmo en pocos instantes os llueve encima un torrente de dicterios por parte de sus incondicionales poniendo en duda toda vuestra cultura general. En fin, que visto lo visto habr que borrar la palabra "pedante" del diccionario, total, como no hay libros malos, sino slo libros que no se entienden por los que los critican...Jams he llegado a observar mayor grado de sectarismo que el que rodea a este autor por parte de muchos de sus admiradores (ni siquiera por los fans ms agresivos de autores "frikis" como Tolkien o Lovecraft), y en parte es por eso tambin por lo que no me gusta. He llegado a conocer gente que modifica sus gustos y preferencias literarias como borreguines para que casen exactamente con los de Borges. Y es que es tal el grado de arrobamiento comnmente requerido para la "correcta" apreciacin de este escritor, que de verdad a m me enferma. Sin duda a Borges se le puede considerar, independientemente de sus mritos literarios, un autntico soberano de insufribles.No niego que Borges era un buen lector, que su amor por la literatura se deja traslucir de sobra en sus escritos, y que como crtico era bastante avispado, pero desde luego, en el plano literario, era totalmente incapaz de algo tan sencillo como contar una puetera historia sin exhibir gratuita y sistemticamente su supuesto grado de erudicin. En mi opinin, un narrador nefasto que obliga al lector a "adaptarse" continuamente y sin remisin a sus referentes culturales (como si stos fueran imprescindibles o necesariamente fascinantes). Presuntuoso, superfluo y, sobre todo, frustrante, pues promete lo que ni sabe ni puede dar.He optado por escribir este comentario en castellano, idioma en el que Borges redacto sus obras, pero para el que curiosamente nunca tuvo nada bueno que decir hasta que recibi el premio "Cervantes". En fin que -aparte de su incompetencia literaria- fascinante desvergenza la suya (iba a decir "chaqueterismo" pero se me olvidaba que Borges es uno de los pocos con patente de corso para drselas de listo inventando neologismos, as que mejor ser callar, que igual no estoy capacitado, vete t a saber...)Un clsico sobrevalorado ms (y van...). Puestos a tener que elegir algo que lleve el nombre de Borges, creo que me quedo con la famosa marca espaola de frutos secos. Me resulta ms digerible
Bored. This story of a chid id poverty-stricken India was hard to keep reading. The lack of plot put me right to sleep. I got a few chapters in and couldn't finish it. Don't waste your money on this
Wise Blood. I had to force myself to finish this book. After reading two-thirds I felt compelled to finish it simply in hopes of finding some redeeming value to the time I'd already invested.  Upon finishing the book (unlike the insightful and eloquent analysis by the Reader in New England) I shut the book and said, &quot;This is the stupidest book I have ever read!&quot;  After calming down a little I began to wonder if perhaps Wise Blood represented Flannery's life and emotions?  One has to imagine being stricken with a debilitating disease that eventually robbed her of life at a young age must have tortured her to some degree.  She must have wondered where is God in all this without being able to deny Him.  Could Hazel represent Flannery? A life of seeming despair, allowed to waist away slowly in a drainage ditch only to be finally found yet treated with complete disregard and with utter contempt by the police sent to rescue and redeem Haze (Flannery) by thumping him (her) on the head with a death blow without any apparent feelings.  Was Flannery making a statement about being treated thus by God?  Is it possible Flannery used Wise Blood as a cathartic for her own emotions towards God for the cards she'd been dealt?  I don't say that judgmentally in the least.  It just makes sense now that I am calm enough to think about it. I'm hardly qualified to dish out such psycho-babble.  Basically, I still agree with the New England reader in terms of regretting the read.  Perhaps this story will have more meaning should I face personal suffering and loss like Flannery.  Faith does not make one immune to the multi-levels of agony.  This story was agonizing
Poorly Revised Third Edition. I am disappointed with lack of current ESL/EFL research that is cited in this text.  It appears that the contributors simply resubmitted their original material without significant change.  This is unacceptable.  A simple web search on the contributers reveals far more current work than contained in this text.  This is taking into consideration that this edition was published in 2001.
Elizabeth Peters is better than this. I loved every Elizabeth Peters book I had ever read until this one. She is one of my favorite authors and I am a huge King Arthur fan. My expectations were high. The book was horrible. The plot was loose and the writing was like a bad romance novel. The only good parts were the descriptions of the towns and sights in the Enlgish countryside. From the copywrite this must be one of Ms. Peters early books. She should be ashamed to leave it in print. This is the only book that I ever bought that was so disapointing that it made me angry that I had spent money on it.  (For some reason following this review it says it is for the audio version of th book only.  I have never listened to the audio version.  This is referencing the actual written book.
Organizing and Filing. I bought this book about 6 years ago and brought it home to read.  However, it deals a lot with filing away papers and tells you things like when you are finished with the dishes don't just let them sit there on the  counter to dry, just towel them dry and put them away.  But, it doesn't  cover the fact that maybe that's not your problem.  I needed more guidance  on how to get my kids, husband and self to get into a routine to keep  things tidy in a time efficient way.  I tried using this book for about 2  months, but after that it was sold in a garage sale for 25 cents
Rich man's guide to buying sex. I bought this looking for real world applications to meeting girls/women looking for sexual fulfillment.  The gist of the book was a plug for richer men able to "buy" escort services pricy enough that sexual favors afterwards were expected. I wanted real world applications on how to score with the girl next door, the hottie down the road that I would love to get into ther pants and show her a good time, the sexy secretary at work, and so forth........this book did not deliver on any of this.......the only basic for these was to shave, smell good, dress nice......etc.........didn't need the book for that.....have returned it for credit
Unbiblical and bad writing make for one star. This book is so flawed in every which way, it is hard to know where to begin. First of all, we are living in the end times, and when Jesus comes, that's all she wrote, folks. There's no seven years, no Christians being zapped up, etc. This is our Second Chance on Earth. No tribulation. This book takes figurative visions and tries to apply it literally, and does it poorly. Reading this book made me think that if this was true, then what's the point of trying to be a Christian. Why not just live your life the way you want to, and then when people zap out of thin air, change your life. It's ridiculous and sends the wrong message. Plus, the writing is for second graders with no redeeming characteristics to it. But I really don't think the author's care at this point (seeing how many millions they've made printing lies). My recommendation is to read the bible instead of this series; then you'll get truth and the bible is probably shorter (and much better writing). Man, not even Kirk Cameron could save this train wreck
Inconsistent from the start. I agree with much that Mr. Johnson observes regarding the decline of the  American empire but I feel his work is intentionally misleading for people who do not understand some fundamental concepts about the United States of America.As early as page 8, the contradictions begin.  On this one page, Johnson points out that George W. Bush "lost the popular vote" then later makes the claim that treaties signed by the US constitute "the law of the land" and he cites a passage from the constitution to back up his assertion.Well, as anyone who understands our Constitution would point out, the Constitution makes no provision what-so-ever for a national popular vote.So to use Mr. Johnson's own words against him, so long as the Constitution has any meaning, talk about a "popular vote" is an elitist manipulation of  people he must expect will not know the difference.It appears that Mr. Johnson relies heavily on using tidbits of fact interspersed with populist misconceptions about our government to stir the pot and tip voter sentiment towards socialism.I'm sure Rosie O'Donnell's audience will lap this up.Jahfre the libertaria
Cover to cover bs. This book is horrible and chocked full of slanted thinking (?) and outrght lies aimed at dividing this country even further. It's a sad, sad day when this is what American politics have become
Pointless posturing... I'm not sure what audience this book was aimed at; I never figured out where it was trying to go.I could sum the whole thing up like this:Through very bad judgement, promiscuous white-bread chick gets into hairy situations as a photojournalist, and into stupid situations with men.Then she writes a whiny book about it.The End.Seriously; if you pick up an autobiography, the author owes it to the reader to have something interesting to say. Or so I thought. In this case the writer, Deborah Copaken Kogan, seems to have mistaken what might interest her girl friends with what would interest the general public. This book is like College Writing 101. Sleeping with lame guys and getting into a handful of dangerous situations doesn't make for interesting reading. The sad thing is that every potentially interesting topic gets sidetracked to make her look like the victim and/or 'cool' . For example, if you follow a bunch of Mujahedeen around in Afghanistan, I think the average reader would want a little more historical and cultural background on that conflict and less "Please feel sorry for me; I haven't bathed in a month and I'm out of tampons". Her "It's-all-about-me" american tourist worldview get's really boring really quick.As for the art of photojournalism; don't expect to learn more about photography than you would taking a class at the local community college (Leica's are expensive? Really?)And the sleeping around? I, as a male reader, could care less who a woman sleeps with, but jumping in the sack with obvious A-holes and then expecting sympathy from the reader when she finally wises up is pathetic. Trying to portray this as somehow 'liberated' or 'feminist' is so White Suburban it's laughable.The one thing that could have done a lot to save this book is MORE PHOTOGRAPHS. Even in the hardcover, there's just small, b/w images.I liked the 'idea' of this book, but I think it just failed on all counts because the subject herself is so uninteresting.
Nicely-Compiled. I have an eclectic taste in my reading material and I was hoping this book would present a neat atmospheric tableau upon which the author spun her "facts" about this topic, but I didn't find much that was impressive, cool, informative, or even suitably moody about Solitary Witch. In short, I'm sorry to say it was a bit of a letdown. EXCEPT man that cover is wild! Might I make the suggestion that better packaging would help a future edition? By that I mean dress up the interior with art and design that matches the grand cover. That would really spark this tome up
Nothing New  and Not Credible. Virtually all the ideas in this book are already practiced by most successful company's - they just describe them differently. There is nothing new. My other problem is how the author uses the book to promote a personal agenda. And talk about ego - his family, friends, and other business initiatives are promoted in the book. And most of the pictures have nothing to do with the title of the book or how it is positioned. If it's going to be an autobiography, TELL US SO. I should have known something was up when most of the reviewers were either politicians, friends or other people that have never ran successful businesses.And speaking of business success, a share of stock in Jan 1994 (around the time Mr. Bakke became CEO) was trading at an adjusted $5 per share. Seven years later in December of 2002 (the year Mr. Bakke retired), the share price was $3.02. No thanks - I'll put my money in GE. Need I say more.Look, I'm sure this guy is a great person and he is obviously super smart but I do not think this is a credible book.
Written 13 years ago, very simplistic and outdated. This book might be good as a simple review for children interested in kennels.  I found it to be very simplistic and filled with a lot of &quot;common sense&quot; information.  If you are really interested in  reading it, check your local library, it is just not worth the money
Only half on track. Anyone looking for an authoritative book on Bin Laden would do better to consult either of Peter Bergen's works, or Rohan Gunaratna.  While many of the details in Bodansky's book are plausible, and even correspond with those of other authors, no footnotes are given throughout, and many details (such as Al Qaeda's possession of nuclear weapons) are highly suspect if not patently false.  Bodansky portray's Bin Laden as largely a state-sponsored terrorist, and I think he fails utterly to show the grass roots genesis of Islamist resistance.  In fact, most of the book isn't even on Bin Laden, save one chapter, and deals with background events of Islamist terrorism.  Most damaging is Bodansky's failure to be transparent about his sources and convincing about his facts.  A critical reader should suspect an agenda or ideological lens in this work that is absent from Bergen and Gunaratna
The very-abstract evil is rising. I clearly do not share the enthusiasm of some of the reviewers here, who will all have to forgive me for thinking that Susan Cooper's "The Dark Is Rising" is plain awful. This book was recommended to Harry Potter fans who have run out of HP books to read. I must say it was a waste of my time to read "Dark."Never have I read a book in which no physical description is given for the hero. In this case, we are told that on his 11th birthday, an English boy named Will Stanton discovers he is the last of "The Old Ones." Unlike JK Rowling who, in the first pages of Harry Potter & the Philosopher's (or Sorcerer's) Stone, provides the reader with a vivid description of Harry as skinny, with an unruly mop of black hair, startlingly green eyes, and, of course, a lightning-bolt scar on his forehead, Cooper does not describe Will Stanton at all. The result is that the reader, after having read 244 pages, still cannot visualize what Will looks like!!I also find quite annoying Cooper's approach to this good vs. evil tale. She is vague and abstract till the end as to who exactly are The Old Ones, and who or what exactly is The Dark. As for The Dark being evil, all the reader succeeds in gleaning is that The Dark means cold, snow, and--of course--darkness. Excuse me: but is this the best Cooper can do?Is this what this book is about?--the Druid pagan worldview of light vs. dark, summer vs. winter, warmth vs. cold? What happened to the conception of evil as MORAL evil?
This ain't Starship Troopers, that's for sure... First off, Starship Troopers is one of my top ten books period.  Well done Mister Heinlein.This book?  In a word--UGH!   The dialogue is laughable at times, noxious at others, and sometimes entertaining enough to keep you reading to see what comes next.  Sometimes what comes next is plausible and exciting and entertaining.  Sometimes it is none of those.  And at one point, it's jaw-droppingly shocking and nauseating:Main male character, former military officer, is someone you learn to like a lot as you read through the book.  Until you suddenly find out he's bisexual around page 300.  And had a homosexual experience he didn't find unpleasant with a Boy Scout Leader when he was a kid.  Thanks for springing that on us just before the end.Bottom line:  Do not recommend.  But Starship Troopers--get 2 copies...one to read, one to lend out
The "British" First World War. I found this book quite unsatisfactory. The main focus is always on the Western Front (shockingly leaving out the Americans and their indispensable human and logistical support). The Eastern and Italian fronts are almost completely left out. The Author seem to ignore that millions of soldiers fought and died far from the Marne and the Somne (being Italian myself, I would like to remind the Author that the Italians had 600,000 dead and millions of wounded in the Great War). The sacrifice of Russian and Italian soldiers kept hundreds of German and Austrian divisions far from the Western front and the British troops. And what about the big blounder of the Peace of Versailles? Is still too embarassing for Mr Keegan to talk about it?
Not exactly a devotional. With so many other decent study Bibles out there, there is not really a good reason to get this one.  Really the only reason is if you want one that includes the Apocrypha (though the New Annotated Oxford NRSV is probably better).Format issues: The typeface is light and difficult to read.  I don't know if it comes in better binding, but the hardcover format I used was not as comfortable and attractive as most leather Bibles.Content:  The notes are less extensive than some other study Bibles (for example, NIV Study Bible) and are mostly just annotations.  The contributors have all decided against the validity of much of what the Bible reports and advocates. They are far too critical, and as a result the usefulness of this book is diminished. Unlike, say the NIV Study Bible or the Reformation Study Bible, the HarperCollins Bible would not be very helpful for personal devotionals, small group studies, etc.  It spills too much ink trying to show how the Bible isn't really accurate and trustworthy before the user can start trying to make application to their life. Highly skeptical Biblical criticism has its place, but for a study Bible it seriously handicaps the work
Very much overrated. This book, short and terse, takes a reproachful tone and minimalist explanation style. My biggest crticism, though, is its lack of challenging words. Those who have no trouble telling apart "incite" from "insight," "disparage" from "disparate," and "plum" from "plumb" aught to look elsewhere to satisfy their intellectual curiousities. I was wholly disappointed with this book, but very glad to have found a replacement for it called "The Bibliophile's Dictionary," which is in every way superior.This book is a reference for the laity and, in my unintentionally high-brow opinion, should be skipped
Disappointing. I was expecting a &quot;kit&quot; based on the title.  It turned out to be a 210 page paper-back book. The main reason I bought the &quot;kit&quot; was to get sample contracts, but none were included.  He does a decent job  of describing the basic process, and good ideas on marketing. Overall, I'd  look for a better source if you're planning to FSBO your home
Pot Calling the Kettle Black. Objective?  The reviewer that called this book 'objective and factual' wasn't reading the same book I read.  Factual perhaps, but objective...no way.  There are so many good points in this book, but they get lost amid the nasty digs and political slant.The insinuation that the misery and insecurity that women's magazines shovel is part of some large liberal conspiracy is laughable.  The author is guilty of what she accuses her liberal media colleagues of doing.  The message is a mixed one; you are woman therefore you are strong and powerful yet blame the liberals for all the bad messages you've been fed over the years.  Where's the empowerment in pointing fingers and assigning blame?The driving force behind what goes into magazines is whatever sells.  You could easily argue that no one forced women to buy those magazines and read those articles.  If there's anyone to blame, we should be pointing the finger back at ourselves.  Our empowerment lies in our ability to vote using the dollars we spend or, as the case may be, refuse to spend
Disappointing. I awaited the arrival of this book with much enthusiasm.  However when it arrived I was disappointed.  I prefer Glynis McCants' take on numerology.  Her book "Glynis Has Your Number" is much easier to read and to understand.
LESS THAN I EXPECTED. THE BOOK WAS VERY SHORT AND DID NOT EXPAND VERY MUCH IN A LOT OF IMPORTANT AREA'S...THIS COULD OF ALMOST BEEN A START UP BOOK FOR ANY TYPE OF SMALL SERVICE BUSINESS.  I WAS VERY DISAPPOINTED IN THE FACT THAT SEVERAL OF THE ORGANIZATIONS LISTED WERE EITHER NO LONGER FUNCTIONING OR NEVER DID.  THE CONTACT NUMBERS AND WEB ADDRESSES ARE ALL DEAD ENDS.  THE BOOK DID HOWEVER HAVE GOOD POINTS ON OUTLINING THE START OF YOUR BUSINESS (HOWEVER GEARED FOR SOMEONE WITH A LOT OF MONEY TO START).  I ALSO THINK THE BOOK BARELY TOUCHED UPON THE AREA'S OF HOW TO ATTAIN LICENSE'S AND PERMIT'S.  OVERALL I WAS DISAPPOINTED BUT IT WAS NOT A TOTAL LOSS, I LEARNED A FEW THINGS THAT I WILL PROBABLY USE IN THE START UP OF MY BUSINESS
DISBELIEF. It's sad what has happened to some of the kids who were victims of no medical treatment when they need it. I'm christian so I pray when someone I knows sick so I'm not totally knocking that Christian Scientist belive in healing . The real problem is their view on Christ. Mabye they should read Christ's words in the Bible instead of letting they're interpritation governed by Marry Baker Eddy. Who stole the idea from Professor Quimbly then claimed to have a revelation. It truly upsets me how many lives her lies have ruined.
Easy?. This book completely oversimplifies almost every aspect of brokering frieght.  It has a few good tips, that's about it.
Lousy self-promoting, seminar style book. If you're looking for a book that was mostly written by someone other than Kendra, has information about housing markets that is outdated, and overall seems like a free seminar at a cheap hotel, then this book is for you.
I HATED IT. I JUST DIDN'T LIKE THIS BOOK. I WANTED TO PUT IT DOWN AND NOT PICK IT UP EVER AGAIN, BUT ONCE I START READING A BOOK I HAVE TO FINSH IT. FIRST SHE WAS TRYING TO RUN AWAY FROM HER PAST, THEN I DONT KNOW WHY HER HUSBAND STAYED WITH HER. SHE MADE ME SICK AND I LIKED HER SISTER MORE THAN HER. I WAS KIND OF HOPING THAT HER HUSBAND WOULD HAVE LEFT HER FOR HER SISTER INSTEAD OF STAYING WITH HER. ERIC JEROME DICKEY HAS BEEN SLIPPING IN HIS LAST FEW BOOKS I HOPE THE NEXT TWO COMING OUT THIS YEAR WILL BE BETTER.ASHLEY
It's no "Please Kill Me". Picked this and the new _American Hardcore: A Tribal History_ up at the same time. Despite listening to the West Coast punk bands growing up, I knew far less about them and that scene than I did about their contemporaries in New York, England and even DC (well-covered in "Our Band Could Be Your Life").The first half is tedious, spending too much time on the fading glam scene and teenage groupies - unlike the Doors/VU/Iggy chapters of _Please Kill Me_ they don't really tell you how this scene fed into punk rock.The latter half takes off fairly well, when X and the Germs (and Black Flag and Social Distortion, etc.) start to make records and we actually get to read about them instead of which Chinese restaurant/bar was booking shows for a little while.A key difference with this one vs. _Please Kill Me_ is that they had (it seems) less access to personalities that readers will recognize. Fewer famous acts from LA than NY, and some wouldn't speak to the authors, so they had to rely on people.Skip this and find a bootleg of _The Decline of Western Civilization_ for a more intimate account of what LA punk rock looked and sounded like
Not careful or helpful. When I bought this book, I was already a "pre-trib" guy, and a big fan of the Left Behind series.  I thought this book would help me as a Bible student to have a clear grasp of Biblical eschatology.After I read this book, I realized that the Bible has absolutely nothing to do with a secret rapture followed by seven years of anti-christ led chaos.  I was amazed at how weak and utterly careless Lahaye is in his exposistion of Scripture.  For instance, his insistance that the 'Day of the Lord' and the 'Day of Christ' must be differant.  One of his main arguments in favor of a secret rapture is that since judgement is not mentioned in John 14:1-3 or 1 Thess.4:16-17, this MUST be a seperate event from the final judgement!One good thing that came from reading this book is that it led me to consider other interpretations of the end times.  For far more careful study, try "Four Views on the Book of Revelation," by C. Marvin Pate, "The Last Days according to Jesus," by R.C. Sproul, or my favorite, "The Church and the Last Things," by Martyn Lloyd-Jones
PRACTICALLY PERFECT WEDDING. VERY USEFUL IN PLANNING ANY WEDDING. I'VE WRITTEN MY 1ST CERAMONY AND AM VERY HAPPY WITH ALL THE GUIDENESS, ALL THE IDEAS AND HELP FROM THE BOOK.  I WOULD HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS BOO
Dull  &amp; poorly written!. This is an extremely simplistic historical outline that is very poorly organized &amp; written. DO NOT BUY IT
Don't bother... I read exactly three chapters and gave up in disgust.  Sensationalized & poorly written.  This book is headed to the swap table at the dump.If you are looking for a well written account of what nursing is really like, read "Life Support: Three Nurses on the Front Lines" by Suzanne Gordo
Unlike his son, at least he can read and write. But, still, don't waste your money. If you must read this, get it from the library and buy a book here from a real American like Al Franken
Bullcrap. Goad doesn't sound like a tried and true redneck. I can tell that I was brought up in a hillbilly background, and it is nothing to admire. I'm proud of my country roots, but the culture of the redneck is a very damaging one. Sexual abuse, spousal abuse, alchoholism and drug use prevail. People gorge themselves on terrible food in a very unhealthy way. I'm glad to be out of where I was originally.This is by no means an American phenomenon, its more of a colonial nation one. You'll find rednecks in Canada, Australia, South Africa, etc. These groups are so cut off from their ancestral culture, they adopt a very depressing one.I agree that its becoming increasingly acceptable to be racist towards the white working class male in America, but I don't think Goad has any fresh ideas or thoughtful things to say
seemingly good reference, but... Lay-out of this book is good, but that's it. Most of descriptions are done by &quot;copy &amp; paste&quot;. It does not contain any &quot;recommended daily dosage&quot;, and fails to include some popular nutrients such as  quercetin, nettles, and so on. Not-recommended
Inconsistent. I think I would have liked this book if I had read it when I was 14 or 15. Sweet, dreamy, simplistic. But I am much older and I was struck by the inconsistencies: The young man with turberculosis who hikes around kissing people; the garden 'destroyed by the storm and swamped by the waves' that was completely restored and in full bloom a couple of months later - I lost track of how many black pines these people planted in that garden but it must have looked like a forest; the empty beach with an abandoned plastic shovel (in 1938??). Then there was the secretive, silent, and very private gardener who suddenly talked and talked.I was disappointed in this book.
Is This a Book?. Is this a book to help out women who suffer from being misinformed about menopause or an advertisement for progesterone cream?  Didn't help me at all, if anyone wants to buy it, it's yours but I don't recommend it
Straight to video?. If this had been a movie, it is my belief it would have gone straight to video.  It only came out in hardcover because the publishers knew Ms. McDarmid's name would sell, no matter how very awful the book is.  It's hard to believe that the author who wrote A Place of Execution, a truly brilliant mystery novel, could also produce such drivel as Killing the Shadows.  Cliched (this is the break we've been waiting for!) and cluttered with poorly written "romance", this book is the written equivalent of a teenage slasher flick.  Serial killer running around and all the potential victims acting as stupid as humanly possible
Not So Good. I was enthusiastic about this book when I first scanned it at the bookstore.  Later, after trying a few recipes and spending more time with it, I found it to be mediocre.
A Disappointment. Wanted more scientific information.  How Cayenne works?  How to mix it?  Dosages and recipes  for its use.  Was totally disappointed!!
No help for beginner songwriters. As a beginner songwriter, this book was of minimal help.  It starts with a method of generating ideas, called "object writing", then skips to a song with lines already written that just need polishing. That's a big leap!  He skips the hardest part--how to generate lines.  Free-form writing, stream-of-consciousness writing--that's relatively easy, since you don't worry about rhyme or rhythm.  For me anyway, the hardest part about songwriting is to generate lines--words with rhythm and rhyme, and more importantly, lines that express what you want to say in a few words, and are *interesting*.  Pattison's book is of no help in this regard.For songwriters who have no trouble generating lines, but would like to work on polishing your lyrics, this book may be of help. But for a beginner who struggles to get lines written, it won't help you.  Instead, I recommend Jimmy Webb's book, *Tunesmith*.  Webb takes you through the painful process of generating lines, by using a song he's trying to write
Stay away. This book should take a day or two to read...but it took me about two months.  The main character is so annoying that I wanted him to die and that is the only reason I finished it.George has come a long way from this book...so don't lose faith in him with this horrible start to his career
Dated and Boring. I purchased the book because I thought that anything Fine Gardening put out would be superb.  I thought wrong-as a landscaper I'm looking for new and different ideas, Fine Gardenings trademark. If the content wasn't great I thought I could always use the photo's to show clients for ideas- wrong again.  The photos are dark and dreary.  Again I should have paid more attention to the copy right date
Betty's Not What She Used to Be. Time was when the words Betty Crocker actually stood for something good in cookbooks, although the books' recipes, for better or for worse, were always a product of their times.  The very first "Betty Crocker Picture Cook Book" was published in 1950 (still available), revolutionized how cookbooks were produced, and was an enormous best-seller.  The recipes were the result of much thorough testing in the company's kitchens and in homes across America.  This was cooking from scratch with very little reliance on convenience foods in its pages.  This gradually changed as Betty and her books became more and more of a shill for General Mills' products and her name got plastered on one mix after another to the benefit of the company's bottom line, but to the detriment of good cooking.The two all-purpose cookbooks that came out in 1961 and 1969 were both loaded with recipes and wonderful tips/helps, although you could see the beginnings of sacrificing quality for convenience--especially in the 1969 edition--but this was still relatively minor in proportion to the majority of the recipes.  If you have one of these books, treasure and keep it; you'll never see their likes again.The current 10th edition looks good but, like the past several editions, the number of recipes has been drastically reduced.  Gone are the many variations, which are especially missed in baked goods.  It was wonderful having recipes of many cakes that were sized for two people or small families and having different mixing methods to choose from.  Now way too many recipes are of the "dump and stir" method instead of choosing methods that would insure the best results.  Also gone is the very friendly, assuring, conversationial voice of yesteryear.  Yes, there are recipes covering a wider range of ingredients and styles, but they are mostly stripped-down versions.It's obvious that the folks at Betty Crocker now seem to think that no one really cooks anymore and can't be bothered with proper preparation of dishes, which begs the question of why General Mills even bothers to publish these cookbooks anymore.  The "Better Homes and Gardens New Cookbook" is a better bet for those looking for an all-purpose, everyday guide.  It has a better layout, the recipes and ingredients are generally of a higher quality, and there are more recipes and variations than Betty Crocker's had in some time.  Even better, if you care at all about the quality of the food you eat and serve your family, I highly recommend the cookbooks of Cooks' Illustrated/America's Test Kitchen.  Their comparable, general-purpose cookbook is called "The America's Test Kitchen Family Cookbook."  The recipes are tested and reworked--dozens of times, if necessary--to be the best their staff can make them and you get precise directions in preparing them.  It's a shame that Betty Crocker has abdicated her throne and good name, but there's even better stuff out there now.  Go for it!
DO NOT BUY THIS BOOK FOR THE NEW ICE EXAM!. Absolutely DO NOT use this book if you are taking the new ICE exam.  I used this book about 2 years ago to study for the original TEA.  I was cofident and felt very prepard.  I was dead wrong.  The math section seriously gave me a panic attack - I am terrible in math and the TEA book did not prepare me whatsoever.  SO, I failed, but I took the ICE test just a few months ago and passed.  I used the Arco Special Agent book which really, really helped me.  The math sections are so helpful.  Even read the logical reasoning sections.  When you take the exam, you will realize how much easier the logicals are compared to the book
Raise a Citizen!. If you have Kids or Grandkids, who think about politics & like "SF"; give them this book!It was One of the many Heinlein Works that helped ME grow up.It is the BEST & MOST IMPORTANT of his "for KIDS novels".I ment to give it 5 Stars!!!!
About as interesting as reading a dictionary. Definately only a book to use to look up names.  not to actually help you find one.You can find this type of alphabetical dictionary set up of names many places online for free
Save your money for a pepperoni pizza. I bought this book because I wanted to learn more about high performance driving without the cost of going to a school, but roughly half of this book is just advertisement of Bob's driving school in Southern California. For example, on controlling skids, he talks very little about how to get out of a skid and then he begins on how you can learn more if you come to his driving school because the school has such and such equipments. There's even an entire chapter dedicated to how to graduate from his driving school. He also seems to be obssessed with his past glory, which he doesn't mind spending time to talk about. DON'T WASTE YOUR MONEY ON THIS PIECE OF GARBAGE
Becoming A Master Manager - Book Review. I found that the book, Becoming A Master Manager, to not be very helpful in an Introduction to Management course.  Although the idea behind this book is good and for the most part helpful, it is not adequate for the type of course I am currently taking.  The idea of having each chapter focus on the different managerial roles is one that could potentially be very helpful.  Since each section contains various compentencies that focus on different aspects of these roles, this book could be helpful for a course that was structured differently.  However, since our class is structured toward the basic fundamentals of management, this book is somewhat useless.  To be honest, I did not really look at this book extensively because I had another book that worked better for this class.  I just felt it was not worth my time to continue with this book, since it did not help me in my studies
Running on repeat. Ken Akamatsu has made a living off of underdog boys and the dozens of girls who inexplicably adore them. But he adjusts his formula a little for the first volume of "Negima," a rather careless mixture of "Harry Potter" and his own past comic works.Newly graduated wizard Negi Springfield arrives in Japan, to be a teacher at a prestigious high school. The fact that he's ten doesn't seem to matter, nor does the fact that his entire class is made up of girls. They immediately decide that he's adorable, sweet and wonderful in every way. The only girl who disagrees is Asuna, a tough orphan with a crush on her former teacher, and a deep dislike of the little boy she has to share her room with.Negi does his best to win her over, but everything he does seems to go wrong. And even worse, she sees him magically rescue one of the students. Will she expose him as a wizard, and have him turned into a hamster? Or will Negi be able to form a semi-friendship with his new roomie?The main problem with "Negima's" first volume is that it seems unoriginal, with a Harry Potter lookalike as the hero, and a love-hate relationship straight out of "Love Hina." It's a fun read, but it feels a bit unfocused, as if Akamatsu wasn't yet sure what he wanted the series to be about. Fortunately, things get much better as time goes on.And Akamatsu's fixation on the female body continues -- there's an entire chapter where every girl is stark naked, with the exception of Asuna. Why? Because the girl with the biggest breasts gets to room with Negi. Moreover, was it really necessary to have Negi's sneezes blow off girls' clothes? Or to have teens crushing on a ten-year-old?However, Akamatsu does plant the seeds of a good series in the mediocre first volume. Negi learns some lessons about what magic shouldn't be used for, in the spirit of courage and fair play. Not to mention Negi's tribulations as a teacher, despite the fact that he still thinks like a little boy, albeit a mature one. It's a fun dilemma.And despite his outward resemblance to Harry Potter, Negi is a genuinely likable kid. He makes mistakes, bungles his efforts to be nice, and puts himself in harm's way to rescue someone from being hurt. And Asuna comes across as abrasive and nasty, especially when she blackmails Negi with exposure as a wizard, but grows more sympathetic as the story progresses.The first volume of "Negima" is a relatively weak effort, but the last few chapters reveal that Akamatsu's new series will probably blossom in the next few volumes.
Who needs morality. Amazing how a writer can attempt to make an immoral organization, the corporation, look moral. Only someone like Al Capone could sympathize with this group on the Oregon. How can anyone justify having the sort of firepower as is on the Oregon. The US apparently is willing to finance the group, but the US also financed Sadam, Noriega, ... Unfortunately, in this sense it is too much like real American policy, which absolutely disgusts me (the ends justify the ends no matter how many bodies are left behind, as long as they are not righteous Americans). The characters are clich, there is no suspense since everything goes as planned, and anyone in the crew can just about do anything, including being a successful rock band. It makes me look back on the Dirk Pitt books and wonder about Dirk's morality
Not a great read. This isn't a great read. The story feels static. Nothing much happens. The narrator (Cath) goes on and on about her life now, her two failed marriages, her children (who are not well-developed characters), and her desire to learn more about her grandmother. The grandmother's story, unfortunately, isn't any more interesting. I kept waiting for the climax, the epithany, something, anything, to break up the monotony of the narrative, but it never came.
good grief. Thankfully I borrowed this one from a friend.  I vowed 4 books ago that I would never buy any of her stuff new - only used or borrowed.  Not that I don't respect her as an author (I keep reading don't I?) it's just that I've had too many disappointments.This book is short.  I read it in a couple hours and was like 'wait, that's it?'  It seemed as though I had read a chapter from one of her other books.  Like other reviewers mentioned - only 1 half axxed zombie raising and 1 sex scene (gosh I miss Jean-Claude).  That's it.  Some moaning and groaning about her insecurities, but that was all folks.  Since you can pick up just about any of her books and not feel lost in the series, I recommend skipping this one.  Unless someone loans it to you to read while waiting for the dentist or in traffic
Plot full of holes. Did I miss something, or did this guy risk his life based on a promise to someone he just met? Too much irrational behavior to mention.  I had to force myself to finish the book just to see how much more ridiculous it could get.  The (paperback) cover refers to Michael Crichton three times, the praises inside, another three, and one reference to Stephen King.  These are two good authors that I enjoy reading but this book was not even close.
Apologist. I was very disappointed by the book.I wanted an explanation for Israels continuing occupation of Palestinian lands but got only apologistic rhetoric from this obvious pro zionist.Much of his writing I thought quite racist and certainly biased
souls of black folk. was worthless...was not the correct match for my class book requirement.  Never used it...if someone wants it you can have it for free
Wrong couple???. I have to admit that I did like the book, in terms of the writing style.  However, the ending was so abrupt and unbelievable.  I wanted to know what happened with their relationship after those first five minutes back together.  Also, I think Matt should have ended up with Holly, since he spent more time with her than the heroine of the book!  Are we really supposed to believe that he's in love with Josie after everything he did with Holly?!?!  You can probably tell that I was annoyed by this book A LOT, but it was funny
I was very disappointed. After reading the &quot;Culture Shock&quot; books for Germany, Sweden, and France for trips,  I was extremely disappointed with this book.  It is basically a history book and gave me no real idea how to relate to Italians.    Therefore, my experience in Italy was less than good.    I highly recommend the France book---it is right on target and I had a great time navigating the culture
Not for the Mutton, For the Lamb. These are really, really youthful designs.  They are also strongly oriented towards the small-chested and lithely armed.  I flipped through this and found less than 10% of these are wearable for me-- a 35 year old packing about 20 extra pounds.  Straight back to Amazon with this book
Subtle victim blaming. David Brame was a chief of police who committed at least one rape of a woman other than his wife--whom he raped repeatedly---and terrorized certain members of his department, mostly the women.  He harassed and tormented his wife.This book could benefit from a little feminist perspective. In fact, it's not that shocking to find some cops are wife-beaters; it's a macho culture.  Nor is it shocking to find a chief of police beating his wife----to whom, after all, would she report him? His own department?
Disappointment !!!. With all respect to Mr. Hawking - this book should never been published. I'm not blaming him, but all others who are responsible it went to market.Let me explain a little bitMost of buyers of this book, are buying based on Hawking reputation from "Brief history of time" (which is excellent book).What we have here - pictures which doesn't have any relation with text (at least not valuable and are far to big - taking space in other words, you'll not buy book of 60 pages for 35 USD), changing from one subject to another, explaining the basic things somebody who is reading such a book should already know (spin - 2 pages) and then jumping to complicated things (M-theory - mentioned in 1 row) without explanation. Some jokes and comments I don't understand.I bought this book 6 months age and came to approx 1/3 of book (poker between Hawking, Newton and I think Einstein). I didn't have nerves to read more ... this is first book in my life I didn't finish.I never thought I'll write review, especially not like this and especially not for book of Mr. Hawking, but I felt cheated. There are so many other excellent books on same thematic, try them, forget this one.But anyway, my 3 year old son was extremely happy by disintegrating this book to more then 1000 small pages ... lucky him.
This book is difficult to understand. This book is difficult to understand. Tug is poorly describe
Sorry, but I have not recieved the book yet ((((. Sorry, but I have not recieved the book yet (((
Hardly redeeming (or redeemable). I suppose I'm going to be alone in these reviews in complaining loudly about Ellis's stylistic sloppiness.  I recall a particularly amusing section in the introduction in which he describes Jefferson's message in the Declaration as "a recipe for anarchy," and proceeds to note that a government which "attempted to operate in accordance with these principles would be committing suicide."  Yes, Joseph, a government attempting to implement no government would be doing itself in.  Is this what passes for lofty criticism these days?I picked up this book in an effort to become more interested in--and more fair to--Thomas Jefferson.  I went in believing him to be a cold, conniving man whose life was a long exercise in "do what I say, not what I do."  This book did nothing to change that impression; if anything changed, it was my opinion of Ellis, of whom I'd had somewhat higher hopes.  His writing is not nearly good enough to cover up his attempted slights of hand in excusing Jefferson's worst characteristics; in my book, "psychological agility" isn't distinguished from hypocrisy--it IS hypocrisy.The book's tone reminded me rather startlingly of the modern theory texts I was once forced to read; full of unprovable suppositions and distinctions without differences.
Check for error. I am studying Phase Lock Loop. I am current studying 3 books at the same time because I can verify the correctness of the book and get different point of view. The other two are by Phase Lock Basics by William F. Egan and Phaselock Techniques by Floyd M. Gardner.I went through the formulas on page 32 and 33 to check the equations and I think there is quite a few mistakes in the fomulas. I verifed over and over again and it does not add up. I am 90% sure of what I am saying. I wonder if anyone ever analyze the fomulas step by step to verify them
Get a Clue. You people really need to read before you assume that the occult is a bad thing.
Yes, Extremely Biased Book. To all commentators who are trying to justify the biasness of this book, you should be ashamed.This book has a MAJOR tilt to the left in terms of how it looks at not only economics, but history.The Reagan bashing is childish and arrogant and the anti-capitalist economic theories are very one-sided, yet disguised as intelligent because it is thorough and detailed.The economic growth of the 80's and 90's and the higher standards of living and worker gains in those era's hopefully will, or should have made this book completely irrelevant.
"Bored on Thursday". This book will be a lovely addition to my compost heap.  I couldn't find any sense in the character's motivations so the whole mess became a simple, predictable voyage through a hamlet that any five-year-old could have dreamt up.  When coming across this one on the shelf, my advice is to keep on browsing
blah!. this book wasn't all that great.  and, that's being nice.  i love horror, and it had mediocre reviews on here, so i thought i'd check it out.  i was disappointed.  it does have some good points.  i enjoyed the sections with the young babysitter and the little girl she was watching.  but, the rest just sorta sucked.  the rape scene wasnt frightening.  it was ignorant.  and, it isnt all that gory of a novel.  as for the political point, we get it.  that factor is too simple, too cliched, and too trite to mention.  also, the trying to overcome the racism aspect of the book makes the book racist in itself.  as simple as it is to read, im having a hard time getting through to the end.  and, the other reviewer on here was right, he uses the word "rump" about 117 times in the novel.  buy another book, instead.  or, do what i did, check it out at the library
Two wrongs don't make a right!. Dershowitz is supposed to be a college professor, yet he consistently cuts and pastes sources from Joan Peters fraud, From Time in Memorial.  Norman Finkelstein all proves without any shadow of doubt that this book has manipulated figures from prominent Jewish historian Benny Morris.  Finkelstein debated Dershowitz on Democracy Now about this issue.  Despite Dershowitz's constant interruptions I believe it is the most intertaining debate I have ever seen.  Please download it from Finkelstein's website if you have time.  Dershowitz is just one example of people contributing to the distortion history and creating a fog to the real crisis in Palestine.
On the problem of modern Anti-Catholicism. Professor Jenkins has written with insight and clarity on a number of controversial topics, unfortunately, while this book raises some important points, it is rather tendentious compared to his past works. At one point, he claims that the Clinton Administration's Health Security Initiative failed to make it into law because of the Administration's petty aversion to having the Catholic Church as an ally. This strange assertion will come as news to many, including Theda Skocpol, author of the most comprehensive study on the failure of the Clinton health care proposal. Elsewhere, Professor Jenkins explores the pedigree of anti-Catholic prejudice in America in depth, but he fails to do the same for Vatican hostility to the United States which has a long pedigree of its own. Despite the good feelings towards the Catholic Church in the United States at independence (due in part to French aid against the British) and the disestablishment of Protestant churches, the Vatican regarded the U.S. "as the bastard brat of Jacobinism" (to quote Samuel Eliot Morison) and warned against the heresy of "Americanism". This hostility persisted right up until the papacy of John XXIII. Also, during the 19th century, the Vatican made no bones about its opposition to freedom of religion, freedom of thought, and freedom of conscience. This hostility persisted right up until the Second Vatican Council. Unfortunately, while none of the Vatican II reforms have been formally rescinded during the papacy of John Paul II, they now seem to be as much a dead letter as the splendid list of rights embalmed in the old Soviet constitution.Nevertheless, it is deplorable that Roman Catholics have been and are the object of violent malice in speech or in actions this book indisputably documents. Such treatment deserves condemnation wherever it occurs. It reveals a kind of disregard for others that endangers the most fundamental principles of a healthy society. But the proper reaction to outrages committed against Catholics should not be to claim that all who take a critical view of the church are motivated by prejudice. There is an immense and inordinate effort by the Vatican in some countries (e.g., Poland, Italy, the United States) to manipulate civil-statutes and to have its doctrines written into the secular law. Even when the Vatican's efforts may seriously threaten the lives and well being of a large number of people, (as in attempts to hamstring public health efforts against sexually transmitted disease) its advocates remain undeterred and refuse to consider the magnitude of the risks involved. Although the authoritarian inclination of the Church is not a crime, it is a more or less strong tendency ordered towards clericalism; and thus the inclination itself must be seen as an objective threat to a democratic polity. When the Church seeks to illegitimately extend its power in democratic societies, or when civil legislation is introduced to confer privileges to which no one denomination has any conceivable right, neither the Vatican nor Professor Jenkins should be surprised when other distorted notions and practices gain ground, and irrational and violent reactions increase.  Therefore special concern and attention should be directed toward those who have this inclination, lest they be led to believe that the subversion of the U.S. Constitution is a morally acceptable option. It is not.With all this in mind, decent Catholics should ask their Bishops to be especially cautious of any programs that may seek to pressure American law and society to abrogate the rights of any citizens, even while claiming not to do so. A careful examination of the public statements and the activities conservative Catholic pressure groups promote reveals a blatant duplicity by which they attempt to mislead Catholics and the general public alike. For example, they may present the teaching of the Magisterium as if it were the mandatory source for all secular laws. Its specific authority is held to be binding on the entire society. Some of these groups will use the word "democratic" to describe either the organization or its intended actions, yet they do not defend and promote the interests of American society; indeed, they even openly attack it. Those within the Church who argue in this fashion often have close ties with those with similar views outside it. These latter groups are guided by a vision bitterly opposed to American liberty and pluralism. They reflect, even if not entirely consciously, a 'sacral state' ideology that denies the democratic nature of the United States, as well as the rights of every individual. This does not mean that conservative Catholics are not generous and giving of themselves on occasion, but when they engage in seditious activity against fellow citizens, they confirm within themselves a disordered political inclination that is essentially self-indulgent.Jesus promised, "You shall know the truth and the truth shall set you free" (Jn. 8:32). Conservative Catholics (including the hierarchy here and in the Vatican) should have the truth about American society and its secular democratic culture clearly explained to them so they will stop denigrating it so incessantly. After all, without the defeat of Nazism and U.S. opposition to Soviet communism, the young Karol Wojtyla might well have been shot in a secret police cellar instead of going on to become pontiff. There has never been a society in human history that afforded so many--Catholics included--the opportunity to practice their religion so freely as the United States. However, Catholics must be trustworthy custodians of other's freedoms as well as their own.  Perhaps Professor Jenkins's next book can take up this challenge.
Horrible Ending. This is a book that truly disappoints. The story itself is adequate, but not great. There is more than enough to keep you interested, but it's almost as if the publisher told the author, &quot;OK, that's enough. End it.&quot; The book ends with an epilogue that attempts to tie up all the loose ends of the story. Unfortunately, the ending is much too ridiculous to be believable. This is definitely a 'don't buy' book. Get it from a friend or the library. Maybe you won't be as disappointed as I was
Disappointing. I wanted one great dictionary for reference as I just got started with my aquarium a few months ago.  I found this to be badly indexed, and since it is alphabetical by Latin subspecies and then Latin name within it, they assume a great deal of knowledge right off the bat.  Then you need to look up the common name in the index to find the latin name and my most common fish aren't even in there under common name (ie., Molly, Platy).  Guppy is under "D" in the index, a typo for "G" - which makes me think this wasn't even proofread.  I really didn't need information on freshwater fish like bass and pike, since those aren't aquarium fish, so don't understand who the audience is supposed to be. Many fish in here measure over a foot in length.  I have an aquarium, I'm not going fishing
Come On. I actually bought this book thinking it would be helpful, but all the info is in the online documents!!! The book isn't even advanced. It shows you how to do simple things, nothing advanced. This book is useless now. Just read the online documents, and download the sample code
Not a developer book. I will have to put myself in the same corner as a few of my fellow reviewers, this is not a developer book, by far. It also has a lot of repetition in it. You can explain the different security groups twice, but 5 times seems like a little too much... The fact that web parts and customisations are not covered is like the biggest dissapointment to me, because that is what I am looking for in a book. How to use Sharepoint is something you can learn in the online help
Rather dull. I have a number of excellent books on Flower Remedies and bought this because I thought that it would add a new angle.  In fact, it was rather dull and obvious in its approach and did not have a new, or intelligent, or  intuitive addition to the already overcrowded market on Bach remedies.   There are more than 650 other remedies out there, Bach is only a small  sample.  To write yet another book on the subject you need to have a very  special feel for them, and the author doesn't.  He's no medical intuitive.   I sent the book back
A complete waste of time. When I read the back cover of this book the story sounded interesting and gave the impression that something bad would happen in it. The first chapter - about the disappearance of the baby - was quite good, but thereafter it just dragged on without moving forward. I stuck with it thinking it would get better but it just didn't. It was told from different viewpoints, and the side from the cops was completely a waste of time. There was a lot of background and insight into the two girls but nothing that could hold your interest or even make you like them in any way. I thought the end too was just rushed and although it had a twist
This book stinks!. Let me make a simple observation, people by these type of books for the pictures. After all, a picture is worth a thousand words right? But flipping through this book gave me the impression that the authors wanted to explain in words rather than with pictures. It was "blah, blah, blah, blah, blah" when a few more photos would have been much better. Why describe with words???I liked "Prefab Modern" by Jill Herbers better because it has more designs. It actually had many of the same designers in Prefab but with more pictures, less words, and a floor plan which really helps you to conceptualize the designs. Not only that but the book by Jill Herbers is cheaper too..
Didn't like the dialogue. I used to enjoy the occassional Marge Piercy book I picked up but I was disappointed in this one for many of the same reasons others have already mentioned. The characters drove me nuts.....couldn't feel empathy towards ANY of them.I wasn't sure if I was supposed to like Blake or not but I did not. Melissa was pathetic. I almost thought Alison might turn out to be a double-agent which could have been interesting..... I was especially annoyed at the dialogue as it struck me as stereotyped.....I guess I'm not with it but I thought Melissa and Emily and other friends were pretty crude when it came to discussing their sex lives. I'm Caucasian with  many African-American friends who don't speak like they did in the book. I agree with the reader who complained about Blake's OVERuse of "Babes".....I would have dumped him just for calling me that. I was also annoyed by Nadine's comment about "hope you don't raise your children Christian" when she admitted to not even being a  religious Jew. It seemed like an unnecessary dig at Christians without a point.Why in the world should she care? Obviously, for growing up with such progressive adoptive parents, their son missed out on some ethical training if he felt justified to go out and hack into others' computers,USE people for his advantage, lie and MURDER for revenge. About the only part I liked was reading about their house in Georgetown since I lived there for many years. I read about a third and then did something I never do...skipped to the last 75 pgs or so...who knows what I missed....who cares!(not me). I'm glad this wasn't her 1st book b/c I never would have read another
I prefer my anarchism without choas. Readers can easily expect that an anthology of poetry about anarchism might be difficult to assemble given that few identify themselves as anarchists or write about anarchist themes.  Yet somehow Visions of Poesy: An Anthology of 20th Century Anarchist Poetry manages to cobble together 267 pages of versification.I say "versification" because many of the entries do not qualify as "poetry" by any reasonable definition of the term except for their end-stopped lines.  The tragedy is the anthology's evident lack of poetic values unintentionally reinforces the erroneous notion that anarchism promotes chaos.  Quite the opposite in fact.  Anarchism promotes the order that results from mutual and fully-informed consent.  It opposes imposed order.Apparently, in their zeal to create the impression that anarchy generates considerable poetic activity, the editors have left the impression that anarchism hasn't produced much poetry that is worthwhile.  A much shorter work retaining the few gems this anthology contains would have benefited this work and anarchism better.
An Intro to the PsychK Wkshp:   Tells you WHY not HOW to. I basically agree with the reviewer who said this book is largely an "info-mercial", BUT the PsychK course itself is something I would recommend.  It is a simple & safe way to change belief systems, without the arduous (& often ineffective) methods of talk therapy.  The DVD Psychology of Change demonstrates one PsychK balancing technique and it's possible, as another reviewer indicated, that it may work for you, but the PsychK Workshop will provide other methods to use when that one does NOT work, as well as other practical information.  Skip the book & go to the Workshop
The author failed to explain the basics of financial acct. This book constantly asks reader to jump back and forth between chapters.  It failed to present a general picture of financial accounting. The author  did not organize his ideas well. Do not choose to read this book if you are  new to accounting
dissatisfied. This book appears to be useful only for secondary teachers.  That was not stated in any of the information about the book and I would not have purchased it had I known.  The author should have thought of that in the title, since its not what every teacher needs to know, but only secondary teachers.  Its was not useful at all for people at the elementary level
Is the Beltway Necessary. Filled with insider gossip and scatter-shot observations on the sexes, this is not exactly a work for the ages. In fact outside of the catchy title, I wonder who reads this stuff besides other chatty insiders who have made a cottage industry of feeding off one another like intestinal mites. So why did I read it. Well, I got it free, it's well written and I was "seduced" by the title-- okay, it was by the nubile cover that comes across like 1940's noir I used to sneak past my mother. In short, it was strictly a glandular decision and not exactly a flattering one, proving I suppose some testy thesis about men buried somewhere in the 300-plus pages. And that's the book's main problem. I don't know any more about how the author feels about these issues than when I started. I guess I was expecting something stereotypically masculine, like a cogent train of thought. But then, I suppose that just proves some equally testy thesis about women buried somewhere in the same text. In my fantasy life, I dream of voting out of town not only the whole greedy Clinton-Bush, Repubocrat axis, but the incestuous political culture that feeds off them. Most definitely, it's about driving out all those within martini-mixing distance of Pennsylvania Avenue. After setting down this book, my fantasies ran wild.
treat it as fiction. This is an interesting book, in that it might encourage the reader to think about things outside of the one's traditional framework.  However, if you take the time to dig up the articles that Radin uses as "proof", you will find that some of them are all but incoherent.  I tracked down the authoring scientist behind some of the papers regarding time, and he informed me that his results were due to chance and not replicable (and also that he is no longer a scientist).  It makes me wonder if Radin actually read the articles before disseminating incorrect information to the public.  I realize that scientists have to eat too, but Radin should never have sold a book at the expense of truth.  Also, be careful with the graphs, which are often organized in a deceptive way.  I can verify that some of the psychokinesis stuff is legit, but I would advise anyone who reads this book to a) take it as fiction, b) find the original articles, and c) try to replicate the experiments yourself.  It sets us all back to have people spreading false information.  Peace
In the name of truth and objectivity, hypocrite Chomsky maligns his country and its closest ally. Noam Chomsky has thrived greatly in this great country of his, yours, and mine - the United States of America.  He has made millions of dollars teaching, lecturing, selling his books, and investing.  His world-wide fame in psycholinguistics is well-deserved.  His infamy is merited for his lack of loyalty to his own Jewish ethnicity and the U.S., in spite of the fruits he has received by being a citizen of the United States.  He has repaid this country in bile with his incredibly biased analysis of American foreign policy.  He goes way beyond a balanced multiculturism, when he always ranks the U.S. and Israel as foremost among the terrorist forces in the world now, and even in history.  His distrust of any authority, benign or otherwise, is reflected in his dogmatic and unexamined support of the "underdog," even if that underdog is a suicide bomber or a major terrorist organization such as Al Queda or Hezbollah.Yet since 1955, hypocrite Chomsky has worked for the "overdog" Massachusetts Institute of Technology, which has actively and enthusiastically participated in the development of weapons of War and mass destruction, and continues to this very day.Chomsky trumps his own potential for gifted analytic objectivity with his simple hatred of the United States and the Jewish State.If he were not so attached to the freedom of making money, earning the adulation of the American Left, and freedom to express himself, he might be able to give more direct and personal support for our enemies and his friends by taking up residence in North Korea, Iran, or Syria.  Let us hope he retires outside of our homeland that he hates so much, the United States of America.God Bless America, which will continue to give Chomsky the right to speak, teach, and make lots of money.Raybo
Too confusing. This textbook is extremely difficult to follow and doesn't flow very well.  I had a difficult time trying to understand the concepts the author was trying to make without having to read it several times
Not worth the money. A beautiful looking cookbook, certainly. I was very excited to try the recipes after receiving the book for Xmas. But what a disappointment. Tried 14 different recipes with fellow baking friends over the course of a week. They weren't bad, but we six bakers let out collective &quot;ho-hums&quot; with each
Save your money... I am very disappointed in this book.From the Introduction: "Common names for plants can be misleading and do not always distinguish among the species. Additionally a plant known by a common name in one region may have another common name elsewhere, leading to further confusion. However, common names have been retained because they are generally of more interest." Then the book presents the plant alphabetically by common name. Of course this presumes that I even *know* common names for plants I know by botanical nomenclature.Clearly I was wearing botany blinders when I read the description, saw, "an essential guide for botanists" and thought it might be a good addition to my library. It should be called "Eating the Plants of the Sierra" because it is all about the ethno botany, hardly bothering to offer more than a few one-line descriptions of a "key characteristic" to help you realize that out of a particular group of related plants, some are edible, some are not.It's ironic that Amazon is pairing this book with Weedon's "Sierra Nevada Flora" because while "Wild Plants" acknowledges that "various keys are adapted from several sources, including ...Weedon." What the book does NOT report is that there are direct remarks in "Wild Plants" that are almost identical to remarks made by Weedon; about Snowplant (Sarcodes sanguinea): Weedon says, "Stalks edible when cooked like asparagus; however this plant is rare and protected by law."; "Wild Plants" says: This fleshy plant is edible when prepared like asparagus. However, this is a protected and rare plant..." adding that you should only eat one in a emergency! I'm still trying to imagine being stuck in a bad situation with only my stove, a steamer and some hollandaise!IF your primary interest is in learning about native uses of plants, this might be a better book that I realize. Aside from just about everything seeming to be a cure for toothaches or some sort of bleeding, I also learned this "Interesting fact: Small-flowered collinsia was used to make a horse run fast and was used externally for sore flesh." So I guess if you are on a slow horse, bleeding, and happen to ride by some small-flowered collinsia (and recognize it), you are going to be in luck.Ready to snack on something from the carrot family? Cautiously go through the ways to prepare delicious Lomatium ("Caution: SOME species were too resinous to enjoy") but stop short of reading about Poison Hemlock (described but not illustrated) which is described as "a painless way to die!"The book actually mentions that some plants are rare, then goes on to suggest that if you want to try eating them you should do so with moderation. "If you decide to harvest plants, it is important to harvest them with wisdom and respect."Bottom line: this book, with misspelled plant names (a few found so far), minimal identification information, and that odd common-name thing, is not worth $40 unless you are a pharmacist.
It's all a matter of faith. It always amazes me how seemingly intelligent people can become so  irrational when it comes to their religious beliefs.  This feeble attempt  to show how new theories in science point to a God is nothing new.  Ontological and cosmological &quot;proofs&quot; for God have been around  for a long time and this book offers nothing new.  I have a PhD in physics  and have met many other scientists and have shared thoughts on this  subject. I must say the editors and sample scientists views are NOT  representative of most.  It seems obvious the editors picked those  scientists who held similar views.  Sure they chose a few token agnostics.   The only way I could recommed this book is for a laugh and the simple  wonder of how the comfort of religion can corrupt even a well disciplined  scientific mind
Sloppy, redundant, although some good info. I was extremely disappointed by this hornbook. I was hoping that this would go along with Rotunda's casebook nicely, but I was sorely mistaken. I am really surprised this book was published by Thompson/West. It is sloppy, riddled with errors, and covers topics and cases several times unnecessarily. I did benefit from some of the analysis of the cases, but on the whole, I would definitely not recommend it to anyone
a good story presented in an awkward format. Although I enjoyed the story itself, this deluxe edition really didn't do anything for me. The book is 9.5 x 13 which makes it awkward to handle, hard to read and difficult to store. Fernando Duval did the illustrations and are alright at best. Supposed to be limited to 1000 copies. The book is autographed by Duval but not numbered. Not that it would make any difference. Overpriced, stick to the regular hardbound edition unless you are into odd-sized books.
Zero stars. All you have to know about this woman is that NAMBLA (The Man Boy Rape, I mean "Love," Association) is a big supporter of hers.  I spit on the ignorant and spiritually bankrupt people that buy into her specious arguments, and I pity their victims
She'll Put A Spell On You!. When it comes to looking for titles on catching and stringing along men one of the phrases women probably will not type into the search engine is 'The Satanic Witch' or a variation thereof. The phrase evokes images of Lucifer, hell and brimstone and is a good bit confusing for common folk. Looked at this way - and given the inverted pentagram and the runes on the cover how else would the untrained eye perceive this book? - the title is confusing or misleading. Those familiar with Anton LaVey's Satanism and the concepts put forth in The Satanic Bible may be more understanding.In spite of the protestations of the author and his cohorts the book indeed is about formula women ought to employ in their pursuit of men. In a book sure to incense traditional feminists everywhere LaVey advances the feminine look and form as legitimate means to beguiling men and advises on how to enchant, or bewitch if you wish, men with natural and unnatural assets. Central to the theme and the book are The LaVey Personality Synthesizer, with the majority and minority self, as well as The Law Of Forbidden. Political correctness is out of the door as LaVey uses his background in the circus, photography and Satanism to lecture on seduction and manipulation and in the process slag feminists, decorum, society, innocence and virtue.As dandy as all that is and as entertaining as the subject matter could be The Satanic Witch (originally published in 1970 as The Compleat Witch and also as What To Do When Virtue Fails) is really little more than LaVey's opinion and personal observations culled from a personal set of experiences. There are not any empirical data to back the book's conjectures. Much of the theorizations only make sense because they are a synthesis of the author's experiences mixed with the writings of others.The new edition of the book comes with a foreword by Peggy Nadrama the High Priestess Of The Church Of Satan and an Afterword by Blanche Barton, the mother of LaVey's daughter, which add value to the book by personalizing the tome and adding historical information and context regarding the deceased founder of The Church Of Satan
A mediocre and oversensationalized story. I had to read this book in ninth grade honors English.  I thought the book was one more the more profound wastes of time I had ever expended when I was done.  Now that I'm in college however, I do not despise the book as much.  I still feel that it is of very little value.  Had the author been white and not helped along by Ophra, this work would be largely unnoticed.  It's just another story about how someone had a rough life... with nothing to differentiate it from all of the other books like it.  The reason I have rated it so low is because it seemed to be an agenda setting work.  Maya Angelou is black and has used this book to help push her liberal agenda.  Again - if Maya Angelou was white and was not well liked by Ophra, the book would have flopped.  I would not recommend this at all... especially if you are a conservative.
Hateful!. I would have given no stars, but it wasn't an option.  I bought this book because I thought it would have some cute little jokes/one liners.  I am horrified at the "jokes" in the section entitled "Ethnicville"!  There is nothing funny about these, they are purely hateful.  I am ashamed that I bought this book.  I put it right where it belongs, in the trash!
Ultimately Flawed Analysis. Michael Lind's "Vietnam: The Necessary War" argues that the Indochina conflict was a crucial and unavoidable struggle within the larger framework of the Cold War.  Central to his thesis, Lind maintains that the proxy-war nature of the Cold War--the small clashes that the two superpowers used to determine their resolve and credibility--often had only symbolic importance (Vietnam) and really no geopolitical significance.  Moreover, Lind asserts that the American leadership had only a certain window of opportunity in proxy wars, based directly on public reaction to casualties, to achieve US objectives.  Lind places that casualty rate at 15-20,000 lives; after that, he argues, presidential administrations ran the risk of losing domestic support for the overall Cold War struggle.Examining the significance of Indochina and, with complete support of the Communist-monolith idea, (the belief the Kremlin controlled all Communist nations/revolutionaries) is where Lind's analysis ultimately fails.  His chapters take a broad approach in an attempt to rebut what he sees as the accepted liberal/Left dogma that has solidified the historical approach to Vietnam (he does, to a lesser degree, also critique hawkish/conservative approaches, such as the "military was not allowed to win the war by the politicians" argument that other research has already debunked). Each chapter feels more like a collection of short essays that never quite gel. One of the most compelling arguments is his examination of the reasons, regardless of political party alignment, of  the South's continued support for military excursions and Greater New England's traditional opposition to war.  Even here, however, the analysis seems largely general and somewhat detached from the specificity of the Cold War/Vietnam conflict.  In each chapter's section, especially the critiques of domestic/Left opposition to the Vietnam War, Lind seeks to debunk "myths" about Vietnam.  Each of these sections could be the basis of an entire research project.  Lind, however, feels justified in giving usually one example, and devoting a couple of pages to the (very important) topic.His assertions in these sections often rely upon "if, then" qualifications, based on similar events in the Korea War or World War II, to justify his points about Vietnam.  These absolutist terms, such as the answer to his question about the legitimacy of the Diem regime in South Vietnam can be paraphrased as such: "if the US was justified in supporting Syngman Rhee in South Korea, it was all right to support Ngo Dinh Diem."  This approach ignores events intrinsic to Vietnam and the Diem regime.A final critique (leaving out other ones, such as his arguments about PTSD and the morality of superpowers intervening in civil wars for their global struggle) is the idea of what I call Lind's "death ceiling."  His assertion that it was not necessary for the US to win the Vietnam War (it was only a proxy war in an overall global conflict)to prove its resolve and end any myths of Munich appeasement, begs the question: What would happen if the United States would have reached its "death ceiling" in any proxy war (not just Vietnam) and not reached even its limited objectives (how does a nation determine when its credibility has been proven to allies and to enemies)? My answer to this is, based on reading Lind's research, is that there would have been more divisive conflicts such as Vietnam.  Lind's overwhelming emphasis on credibility and symbolism, over human lives, draws this conclusion
Classic 15 minutes of fame. for non writers who manipulate everything to suit their conceptions.  the FACTS completely debunk this book.  Thankfully, these men will fade; the true mysteries remain unanswered waiting, perhaps, for someone without personal gain to cull through, define and present.  What a nasty book
poorly written. PSP X Revealed is a poorly written book with black and white images of screen shots. Trying to associate a black and white screen shot with a color image on the computer screen is daunting at best and eye straining at worst. The section on learning layers is written as though someone already has the knowledge of all the tools and their uses and is now going to go thru a refresher course. The author seems to try to communicate her knowledge without explaining what the various functions do along the way assuming that the reader is well versed in PSP functions and knowledge. For someone who has just installed PSP X and is wondering how to put it to use...save your money, this will just frustrate you more than you already are
poor!. I am very dissapointed at this book. It seems like this is a 4 year old book. But don't worry i am going to order more Baby Sitters Club this time with mysteries! I am really sad at this book=
This book does not stay on target !. The book seems to miss the mark. It just seems like he thought he could slap star wars and christianity on it to make a quick buck. Hey these 2 things have made tons of money in the past right? Ok not a good idea to put the 2 things together. Get dharma of star wars and leave this book on the dark side
Good in parts, but more often just an absurd sexual reinterpretation. In her book, Kathleen Brown offers a revision of colonial Virginia history. Relying almost entirely upon previously known and explored primary materials, she constructs an argument that gender heavily influenced colonial development.Breaking her book up chronologically into three parts, Brown focuses first on England and the Virginia colony's early days. In discussing the former, she establishes the role of women who adhere to social behavioral norms as that of good wives, and those who do not adhere to those norms as nasty wenches. In the case of Virginia, she explores the role of women in English society vis a vis Powhatan's Algonquian society. When Powhatan offered women to English settlers, whether for marriage or a night's enjoyment, he did so for political reasons; the settlers, however, thought Indians valued women less, and differently, than they did. Settlers further grappled with the fact that women farmed while men, they thought, took it easy, hunting and fishing.The second part focuses on the change in roles of women, and the corresponding change in how men though of them. As Virginia became more permanent, and as slaves became more prevalent, "good wives" came to mean the elite women, whereas "nasty wenches" meant servant or non-elite women. Following Bacon's Rebellion, this labeling shifted somewhat as elite men attempted to break the unofficial alliance between black slaves and white servants. Principally, the violations of white women that formerly would have made them nasty wenches now were less serious, while those same violations of black women were more so.The last part explores the domination of men and the lives of elite women. Men became much more patriarchal, establishing social norms and laws to that effect. They were "anxious" in the sense that they were now required to hold domination over their wives, families, and farms, and maintain strict adherence to those norms and laws. Relying heavily on the writings of William Byrd II and Landon Carter, Brown points out the fears these men had of declining virility, disobedient sons, and the like. Women, meanwhile, came together against their husbands, quietly undermining them on occasions, especially in discipline issues, and generally developing a women's society of tea parties and such.On the one hand, Brown's revisionist attempt is a worthwhile endeavor; only the foolish would say women had no role or impact whatsoever in colonial development. As historians have largely ignored or downplayed this role, her study is therefore relevant. On the other hand, she delves far too deeply into the sex lives of leading men. Her study was not one solely of the role of gender, but also of sexuality. To a certain and very limited extent that exploration is worthwhile-certainly the colonists were concerned with fornication, bastardy and the like-but do I, the reader, really need to know on which days Byrd gave his wife a "flourish," and whether or not he was "vigorous"? No. Furthermore, certain inherent flaws exist in a reinterpretation that relies heavily on modern and liberal views of sex and sexuality. Consequently, there are certain aspects of the book that are worth reading, but one should select those aspects carefully.
The Knaves and their New Economy. Harry Dent couples an investment advisory book with a piecemeal economic analysis of the dynamics of the so called `New Economy' in the 21st century. The author Harry Dent may drool blissfully over his portfolio (which at the time 1998 was probably doing quite well) and see a world of compounding returns and infinite growth, but we live in a real world of scarce resources and measured productivity gains which usually grow marginally each year. One thing that I find anecdotal was the chapter on human development entitled the 'The Right Brain Revolution,' which appealed to the kooky materialism of Abraham Maslow.  This was just a rehashing of tired humanistic theories over man's wants and needs.First to give a background to this book: it was written in 1998-which in Greenspan rhetoric may be deemed a time of "irrational exuberance"-so not suprisingly the author was blissfully optimistically over a booming economy. In reality there was a long-term inflationary boom coupled with a strong market for IPO's and tech stocks.  Of course, the speculative bubble burst. Contrary to the harbingers of infinite economic growth, there are no new dynamics to the so called "New Economy."  If companies hemorrhage money on spending-showing no prospects for profit in their foreseeable future-than they'll probably be restructuring, going out of business, or solve their insolvency problem by merging with a larger firm.  Generally, the present recession has made those who believe that there are some new rules to the game come to retreat from their Alice and Wonderland economics.  Granted, we're not going to be in this recession forever contrary to the prophets of eternal economic gloom.  However, there are NO new rules for a "New Economy" where profit margins can be razor thin, earnings simply non-existent and profit/equity ratios are absurdly proportioned. So, now we can come back to the real world of 2003, where high government spending and half-trillion dollar deficits crowd out the supply of credit and capital.Dent is optimistic over the labor market giving way to `entrepreneurs,' freelancers and temps.  However, it is by no means a positive sign when corporations are taking the axe to their personnel that we're in for more prosperity.  In addition, some of Dent's positive economic indicators and his analysis are erroneous.  For example, he sees large population growth as some positive sign that with more people, they'll be more consumption and consumer spending.  But consider that in recent years, GDP growth aside, actual productivity gains have been miniscule and sometimes actually losses over the previous year.  Moreover, the population growth (chiefly fueled by immigration) far exceeds productivity growth.  So how is this deemed a positive sign if they're less goods and services available on per capita basis?  These factors which shade the real `New Economy,' may suggest that we will be in the economic doldrums for a little while longer.  Dent ignores substantive economic indicators, which even in 1998 could have foretold the present recession.  If anything, it is quite tenable that the first decade of the 21st century may resemble the stagflation of the 1970s-where inflation and unemployment are high-though not with such severity.All things considered, the blissful optimism and absurd economic logic so popular which fueled the speculative boom circa 1998 was but a foreshadowing of the present dreary state of economic affairs.  The prosperity gurus will never be able to transcend common-sense economic logic with their gospel of eternal economic optimism.  Then again, their perspectives are skewed in times of boom when all they see are compounding equity returns.  It just seems when some people have a run of luck in the market, they have a tendency to have their judgment clouded in seeking out more 'easy money.'  Some like Dent even hope to jerry-rigg the market with a psychology of perpetual prosperity. Anyway, Dent's bullish predictions have already been disproven. (I give it a pithy 0.5/5.0 star rating ..
time for a change?. I loved the first book,but found little in here to care about.The Bobby B piece is interesting as are a couple other parts but,overall this just doesn't jive with me.I don't care about pedophaelia or Jonestown.Ugh
Hmmmm. While browsing the "reviews" of this book it was hard to ignore this one:"I am a very devoted member of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints(mormons). I know that the formation of Utah was aided by god for my ancestors to settle there and this book is an exageration and a byest opinion".First of all, anyone who claims to be a Latter-Day Saint wouldn't just blurt something like this in a book review forum.  Secondly, I happen to know that "Mormons" know how to spell "biased".Okay...okay...enough of the entertainment portion of my review.  The two major aspects of this memoir/book by JD Lee are the following:1 - JD Lee never said anything against the doctrine, gospel, or teachings of the Latter-Day Saints.  He never even recanted his belief in the (then) prophet of the church, Brigham Young.  With all of this loyalty towards his church and his leaders it is hard to take into account some of the things that were written in the book.  We do know that it wasn't supervised by JD Lee during the publication of the book so there isn't any corroboration on the statements made in the book.  His lawyer was pretty high-strung on the idea of hurting Mormons (like so many other people at that time), which makes it hard to swallow that he was the man responsible for publishing it.2 - We still really don't know what happened that day in Mountain Meadows, Utah!  Every instance of recounted "history" is still blurred with too much conjecture to make any sort of a conclusion.  The Mormons were viciously attacked, murdered, and kicked out of every place they had been up until the early 1900's (even by the federal government), which makes a plausible scenerio of Mormon settlers quick to react to a situation.  We also know that the Lee group from Arkansas were Baptist Christians and it's no secret that Baptists have taken a very stern stance against Mormons and have (to this day) expended much energy and money to the defamation of the Latter-Day Saints.I've read the book and watched the documentaries, yet my mind is still as clear as mud on this issue.  There are way too many contradictions of myth and (purported) events to make any kind of a conclusion.It is a shame that an event like this actually happened and it pains my heart to know that families were torn apart that day in the desert.  The Mormon people were treated like fourth-class citizens during that age in American history many of whom were brutally murdered (see: Hauns Mill Massacre; Joseph Smith; Extermination Act of Missouri by Governor Boggs; etc...), but it doesn't give anyone the right for revenge on a party of people not connected to any of the other grievances suffered by the LDS people.  You can judge a tree by the fruit that it yields and to this day I can't find too much rotten fruit produced by the Mormon religion.  If this event of the Mountain Meadows Massacre was indeed a barbaric act conducted by a band of southern Utah men then there is no excuse for them and I'm certain they will (or have already) receive their punishment by He whom they believe in, but at this juncture and with the information we have I, personally, cannot make a judgement on the matter.I think the Mormon people have come a long way, however.  They are now a very well respected group of people who, for the most part, live good and honorable lives with high standards and morals.  It's hard to hate a people that try to live a better and more moral way of life.  There are a handful of Mormons I know that haven't lived up to "Mormon standards", but on the whole they are still good guys with good hearts, just like any other god-fearing Christian.I can't say that I recommend the book or don't recommend the book because there wasn't a reason to hate it and there isn't a reason to love it.  It's not a clean, clear, crisp book by the way it was written, but I'm just one man.
Very dissapointed. I wasn't expecting this book to somehow transform my sex life, but I certainly didn't expect the garbage I read.Yes, he makes some preaty good, but obvious observations. For example, "...when a man looks [at another woman], he needs to look appropriately." Or that a woman like to hear she's beautiful.This is definitely a man writing  to an audince of women. There is some good advice here, but you have to be able to distinguish it from the nonsense.
Vindictive tone, ridiculous observations.... I have read a lot of Diana books and this is by far the worst.  It is such an unjustified trash that I put my Hardcover copy in the recyclables bin.   &quot;Lady&quot; Colin Powell goes so far as accusing Diana overreacting to Wills's accident when the young Prince cracked his skull at school.  Right there you know as the reader this woman has got a vendetta against Princess Diana.  Diana wanting to stay at William's side in the hospital while he underwent an operation bothers Lady Powell !...  The feeling I got from reading this book was one of intense unfairness.  It seemed as though the author was desperate to gain the favor of the royal establisment, namely Prince Charles and his family
Jargon-ridden and boring. Boring academic jargon at its worst. I have PhD so should be used to this sort of thing, but found it useless. Save your money for a readable book
The Valley of Monotony. This is a long book, maybe one of the longest London wrote, but no matter, you can take it in small doses, because the book is a straight narrative with no suspense, no drama, only London's wishful fantasy working overtime.  No matter the obstacle, and London lays them on with heavy-handed doses of pessimism, the lily-white hero and heroine, Billy and Saxon, easily overcome each while giving the author plenty of opportunity to express his famous prejudice against all non-Anglo Saxons.  London also builds his case for scientific farming, sustainability, as a method that will win out every time.  While in truth, London was an abject failure at farming with every experiement ending in disaster.  The tale is sugar coated fantasy, London  dreaming his couple into everlasting happiness.  The coincidence at the end is not to be believed.  It's pure sap written in the twilight of his career when his talents appear on the wane.  It's the only London book I have read to date that I would not recommend on any level
Please, please, stop!. As an avid fan of Hamilton and other great sci-fi writers, I find it difficult to plow my way through Benford's mess. The story idea is good, but Benford's writing is positively awful. At times he can't even seem to make up his mind what tense he's writing in. Initial charater development is next to nonexistent, and following character dialogue is somewhat akin to finding one's way around a corn maze at midnight. He uses what seems to be an alsmost experimental approach to dialogue, and no two are formatted the same. Sentence structure is immature and disjointed. Its either incredibly simple, or so complicated it becomes difficult to follow. Some character situations are wildly implausible even for sci-fi, or underdeveloped to the point that they seem so. I would not recommend this book. I am no writer, but I can recognize great writing and this isn't it
Mixes truth with falsehoods. Paul Driessen, the author of this book, is a PR specialist who works for two business lobbyist think tanks, Committee For A Constructive Tomorrow, and the Center for the Defense of Free Enterprise. The purpose of organizations such as these is to spread right-wing and anti-environmentalist propaganda. As such, the message of this book should be taken with a grain of salt. One reviewer said that if DDT was used widely malaria would be wiped out. Well, the pesticide companies want you to believe that, but biologists have found out that mosquitoes quickly develop resistance to it, making that statement untrue.Like most pro-business PR, it mixes scientific and economic facts with falsehood. The purpose is to make environmentalists who get in the way of their profits look like monsters, apparently this book has succeeded
Really.....Reporter Bernard Goldberg disagrees... First off, In a recent poll, over 90% of the news correspondents in Washington, DC said they voted Democrat.Moving on...Bernard Goldberg has a book out called "Bias: A CBS Insider Exposes How the Media Distorts the News"Here is some of what he had to say in an interview:"Well, I think we marginalize conservative views. I think too many people in the big-time media think conservatives, in too many cases, are just right-wing nuts.""They marginalize conservatives mainly.. . I could give you many, many examples, Terry, but mainly by identifying every conservative who's in a story because -- and I think rightly -- the audience needs to know that these people are conservatives, that their views are conservative views and we should know, as they say, where they're coming from. But the very fact that we rarely identify liberals tells you, at least it tells me, that journalists very often think that these liberal views aren't liberal at all, but really mainstream, civilized, reasonable views. And that's the problem, I think.""Let me just give you one little example. It was during impeachment, which we can all agree was a very, very big, very important story. And right before the impeachment proceedings began, Senators went up to sign what they call "an oath book," promising to be fair and impartial. As they went up, Peter Jennings, doing a live play-by-play, on ABC, identified Senator Santorum as a young conservative Senator from Pennsylvania -- determinately conservative. Then Mitch McConnell of Kentucky was also a determined conservative. Senator Smith from New Hampshire was a very, very conservative Senator from New Hampshire. Those are exact quotes. And I think that's absolutely fine.This is impeachment, it's a political process, we need to know that these are conservatives, and their conservatism may affect their views. But Marvin, Barbara Boxer was simply Barbara Boxer from California. Ted Kennedy was simply Ted Kennedy from Massachusetts. Paul Wellstone was simply Paul Wellstone from Minnesota. Now, did Peter Jennings, who is a bright, intelligent, excellent, first-rate newsman, did he really think that the conservative views would affect the vote, but that liberal views wouldn't affect the vote?You see, this reminds me of the bad-old days, and we both remember these days, Marvin, when the only time a criminal was identified in a news story by race is if he were black. Why was that?  And if the criminal was white, by the way, his race meant nothing because the black criminal was seen as what -- different, out of the mainstream, certainly inferior, not just inferior to you and me, inferior to white criminals, and possibly dangerous, too.
Very dull. This was just a very dull book and difficult to stick with.  It was loaded with pictures and facts about Doc Holliday but was just plain boring
Another one bites the dust. I hate to be the bearer of bad news, but this book, was yet another dread.  The instructions were, at times unclear, and my result was not up to par.  Though the pictures are astounding, especially the cover picture, don't let your eyes, or your tastebuds longing for the food, decieve you
Read with a grain of sand.... I am very familiar with the courts in Santa Clara County (CA), having myself been caught up in a nasty custody battle (and other attendant battles) for 18 years.I am also familiar with the work of Judge Stewart, (having sat in on many of his sessions) and the work of Terry Johnston (personal experience).  Below is my opinion garnered by my own personal, and extensive, experience in the very court system the two authors have 'served'.I am not impressed.  Let me put it this way, I retained sole custody of my daughter IN SPITE OF Ms. Johnston (who was directly involved in my case), her special Masters Program and other agenda's that are at work in this County Court system.Fortunately for me, I had a good judge who was able to see past the prejudicial treatment of my case.  Not so fortunate for others.  I had some excellent representation for about one year of my on going battles, for the other 17 I largely represented myself, so trust me, I understand what goes on.  Single mom, low income, victim of domestic violence (25 police documented incidents), vs. ex police officer husband, (remarried with 8 kids and enough money to hire many lawyers).  If Dr. Johnston had had her way, my daughter would have eventually wound up in the custody of my violent ex.  I fought against some of the best attorneys in the county, and I prevailed.You can too.  Read the book, but if something doesn't quite feel right, follow that intuition.  If you need to know more, check out the National Coalition for Justice.  They have some very good information re: The Authors of this book.  I never joined this organization, so I have no particular agenda re: their organization, therefore I can objectively reccommend this as a good and reliable source.Karen
This book is a waste of your time and money. McGraw-Hill should be ashamed of themselves for allowing this book to be published! It meets none of the advertized criteria, and you couldn't begin to attempt a design or purchase after having read this thinly disguised manufacturer's sales pitch. There's better information available on the web for free. What's more the writing style is extremely superficial and repetitive, with identical illustrations used in numerous places simply as fillers. The author (if really an actual person) should go into hiding immediately.The publisher's "text book" reputation really deserves to be tarnished if this is the best they can come up with.Do not buy this book
Bad information in this book. This book should get zero stars because the author makes false statements. She claims that a vegan diet is not adequate for a developing fetus. This is completely false and the author should not be making statements that cannot be backed by proof. I would seriously question her ability to offer any legitimate information on pregnancy. Not only have women successfully completed their entire pregnancy on a 100% vegan diet, but people are also raising incredibly healthy vegan children. I myself am vegan (30 weeks pregnant) and am having an incredibly successful pregnancy. My prenatal care provider is extremely happy with my progress as well as the baby's progress. Frankly, it is said that a book can be published with such false and misleading information
Wotta crock!!. The Frosts' version of Wicca is atheistic and almost Satanic (LaVey version) in its utter selfishness.  Use Wicca (by which they really mean witchcraft, since they provide no belief system or ethics) to do any damned thing you please!  Why not?  After all, it's all about you.  And them, and their School, which they call a "church" for no discernible reason.However, if you can't give over an entire room of your house to practice, and decorate said room with a permanent symbol drawn to specifications on the floor according to an exact ink recipe that includes your own blood, then "you can't do Wicca".  Awwwwww.At least this one doesn't include instructions for ritual child rape.  Sheeeeeesh!
Take critical thinking one step further... ...and use the techniques in this book on the book itself.  Sadly, a book with so much promise falls victim to its own PR machine all too often.  Face it, if you're going to use critical thinking, use it consistently.  If you use it against what you don't like, but cast a blind eye on things you are passionate about, how critical is that, really
poor quality. not worth it. very low quality paper, low quality reproductions, bad ink.... publisher has put his profit over any quailty for the reader
The Most Boaring Book Alive. The book is called The Circuit. This book is about a boy named Francisco Jimenez who wants to be another person. He had a hard time in school because he almost knew no English. He couldn't understand her. He had 3 brothers and 1 sister and a mom and dad. The worst thing to him was getting deported.In school he had a problem with 2 kids named Curtis and his friend. They were the bullies. Once Francisco had wore a sweater that belonged to Curtis. Of course he didn't know. He was lucky they didn't beat him up. Later they became friends.His brother that was born after him had a rare disease, but he made it through. I think that people who would like this book are people who have boring lives. After every chapter he wanted you to put the book down. He didn't leave any suspense. I hated the book so much.
What Did I Miss??. After reading others reviews on this book, I decided to buy it.  WHAT DID I MISS??  Out of the 10 short stories, I enjoyed (and even understood) only 2 or 3!!  No plot, No rhyme or reason.  I read alot and consider myself reasonable intelligent, but did not get it.   Would NOT recommend this book
Bad choice of words. I guess I'm glad some "sissies" are loud and proud, but I have a problem with calling anyone a sissy.  The book is amusing enough, but it leads to terrible stereotyping if children really take its message to heart.  Basically, it says not only that it's okay to be gay (and I'm sure it is, because the media keeps telling me so), but then here's how you identify the gay people in your own neighborhood - boys who don't play sports well (or don't play at all), boys who dress up in mommy's clothing (as if mommy dresses in just frilly stuff these days), boys who like to cook (we would have starved in college if we hadn't figured out how to cook), et cetera et cetera.  Oh, I get it - we're all sissies! Is that any way to treat your prospective customers, calling them sissies???  I think not.  Quit calling me names, big-nose
Do you have money to waste?. I bought this because I was excited to learn Nippongo, but this really didn't help me at all.  The material is outdated and many people don't even use the phrases that are used here.  I have showed this to many of my Japanese friends and they tell me that I should not try to learn from this material
Man, what tough going !. What a slog it is trying to get through this book. I'm nearly there (I've read 3 or 4 other books since starting this)... the reason for my stubbornness in finishing it is that it came so highly recommended by friends, and the mostly rave reviews it's got here. Ignatius Reilly, the main character is interesting enough (that's why I gave it 2 instead of 1 star) but that has a lot to do with the fact that the rest of the cast and plot is so boring, I find myself flicking on the pages to see how far I have to go before the story gets back to Ignatius again. I keep thinking "OK, the side splitting stuff must be coming up soon"...there are humourous passages here and there but nothing to merit the accolades it has received here nor winning the Pulitzer Prize. I'm at a loss to explain its popularity
I'm sorry but NO. Death Before Dishonor is one of the worst pieces of trash I've ever read. It starts with ex-con Trill Johnson running from the law. His truck is full of drugs and when he gets stopped by a racist cop who is determined to send him to jail, he runs for his life. While involved in a high-speed police chase complete with helicopters, he runs into a neighborhood shedding his gun and his chinchilla coat in the process. Sunni James, owner of a 24-hour beauty salon, happens to live in the neighborhood he runs into. Since she can't stand to see a black man in trouble, she invited him into her house to hide from the cops. There's my first problem. I don't care who it is, if you're being chased by policemen and helicopters there is no way I'm letting you into my house. But okay, I went with it. Sunni and Trill have one night of passion and all of a sudden he's into her. By the way, he lives with his one-legged girlfriend who took care of his son while he was in jail. But forget the woman he's got at home, he sees a new toy and just has to have it. While he and Sunni develop a relationship, his girlfriend--Precious Pay, a gold-digger through and through, but his woman nonetheless--gets left behind and she jealously decides to get her revenge.I am all for artists who want to be musicians, actors, and entrepreneurs, but you can't just add writer to your name. 50 Cent has proved that much with G Unit books. I've read another of the titles, Baby Brother, which is slightly better than Death Before Dishonor, but not by much. These stories are big on sex, drugs, and violence, and short on plot, character development, and reality. I know they're novellas and therefore can't be as fully developed as a full book, but there was no reason for 50 to waste my time like this. I'll know better than to pick up another G Unit book
A PR campaign that failed badly for Kerry. Tour of Duty was just another example of the ineptitude of the Kerry people and how they underestimated the survivors, the real heroes of Vietnam. Perhaps Kerry, Brinkley and company thought that these brave heroes would forget or would not come forward or were dead.Perhaps Kerry and his  minions thought that nobody would check and let Kerry get away with his flagrant lies about heroism. NOT ON OUR WATCH!The title of t his book is also just another example of how Kerry tries to align himself with hollywood. In this case, taking a title that was a popular tv show. Sorry, but the actors in that tv show were better. The only comparison is that in both cases, it is all ficion. In the case of this book, the fiction part has been taken to an extreme.Nice try, but this pr campaign to try to land Kerry a seat in the oval office didn't work. Too many people know the facts about Kerry.I also recommend that you check out wintersoldier.com for more info on Kerry. The real John Kerry
A hot book on tape in 2001 proves an embarassment for the authors in 2005. This book on tape was published early 2001 just in time for listeners to lose a ton in the 2001-2002 stock bust. Almost every investor lost money on stocks then, but a listener following the advice in this book on tape would have lost much more, with some tech stocks never recovering (because of bankruptcy).Some of the advice is quite good, but about 25% is downright wrong and dangerous. If you know enough to know which advice is good and which is bad, then you don't need this book.Perhaps something went wrong when abridging the longer written text to produce these audio tapes. In any event, if you still want to give it a shot, or if you just love the Motley Fool, then look for something by the Gardner brothers that's newer and/or not so abridged
Boring book... This book is literally one of the worst I've ever read. Seriously, there is nothing you can get out of it. I don't understand how people can possibly enjoy this book-- I mean, the storyline isn't that bad, but it's just so slow-moving. Plus the main character, Elenor can be so stupid at times it just makes me want to stop reading. (Unfortunately I can't, as it's a school book). If you don't like historical fiction featuring mindless characters, DONT read this book
Enough. After reading several pages of this book I encountered a gross insult to the President.  This after other negative references to conservatives.  Fine.  I chose to return the book and exchange it for a copy of Mark Steyn's America Alone.  Mr. Ford, go sit with the Dixie Chicks
Machado ill-served by ubiquitous Bly. Bly deserves credit for introducing Spanish poetry to the American audience back in the 1950s and 1960s. Machado is a wonderful poet. Unfortunately, Bly is not a terribly good translator, and the result is a  mismatch
Nothing NEW!!. This is a great book if you don't have the two it is copied from; I was TOTALLY disappointed and felt ripped off because I do have them. The acknowledgements in this book clearly state that pages 8-11, 12-14, 15-139, and 140-261 are from the original two books-  DUH, that's just about the whole book!  what a disappointment, would not have bought if I had known it was just a reprint
Why do Authors do this? '-50 on the puke meter. First, I don't get the nice rating this book gets; I guess I never understood why people enjoyed Back to the Future II and III, and Indiana's TEmple of Doom (see my reviews later)...anyway;My REAL PET PEEVE on why authors seem to enjoy creating mindless sequels like this.The plot doesn't make any sense, "honorable knights?"  Kitiara and Sturm having a son--my question is, who raised him?--why?  It's so cliche and boring.  Why was this character created? The idea of having Kit's and Sturm's "ghosts" appear is so laughable and horribly written, I am not sure what the point of it was. I couldn't begin to tell you HOW annoying it was for these two spirits to keep appearing.  My question is, if Sturm was really an honorable knight, and as honorable as these authors claimed him to be: would he leave his son or Kit if he KNEW he impregnated Kit?  What the HECK?  I mean, talk about inconsitency in the 'plot' and chacaracters.Palin--the worst hero ever created.  Boring as ever, and as indecisive as ever.  Is Raistlin really his uncle? sheesh.  In the short adventures they build him up to be something potentially awesome....then in this "sequel" what they do to him?Usha: she has golden eyes--they tried NOT to make her Raistlin's kid.  Were they avoiding the incest issue?  I mean, come on, a lot of "great" fantasy authors do it today--Martin, Goodkind, what's the difference with another bunch?I had a lot of respect for Weis and Hickman up to this book.  It seemed to me they tried so hard to "wrap" up their previous excellent books, when they didn't need to.  Why did they have to 'disavow' the daughter of Raistlin? I loved the mystery of it whether she was is or not.Why did they have to bring Raistlin back?  This ruined the legend of this character.Or kill off Tanis? Or Tas?I think they must have heard their fans clamoring for more of the old favorite characters; and decided to unleash an awful book like this.I also dislike how every world when the Fourth Age comes, there's no gods, no magic...boring, and cliche.Ugh.  Or did Weis and Hickman want to continue to reap the benefits of readers who are too eager for my 'Lance books?not even worth two cents, in my book.The battle scenes were horribly done, the "plot" is pyrite at best,the "NEW GENERATION" as someone pointed out is overdone like a over grilled steak.I threw this book down so many times, I actually did what I never thought I'd do to a book once I finished--I tossed it into the trash compactor.-50 on the puke meter.  DON't waste time, energy or money on this trash. TRUST ME.  I only bought this because I was incredibly bored of fantasy authors and the genre itself
WORD GAMES. AGELESS BODY is Deepak's attempt to neutralize the word "old" as in old age.  The writer has a knack for making common words, like "body, "mind" and "self," into profound concepts.  His technique is to overlay his abstract ideas with suggestive experimental studies.  But ambiguity in interpreting these studies abound.If you like poetry, Deepak may be your read: "The billions of changes occurring in our cells are only the passing scenery of life; (P. 36)"  Or try to interpret this one: "The emptiness at the core of every atom is the womb of the universe; in the flicker of thought when two neurons interact there is an opportunity for a new world to be born. (P.40)"At times he attributes to cells and DNA a creative intelligence to direct their own construction and at other times his designer is invisible.  He would make a great spokesman for the current hocus pocus over "intelligent design."  He can't accept the growth of any cell, even a plant cell, without an intelligence involved.  He mentions and attacks evolution only one time on P. 115, asserting that the growth of a cell could never be a random process.Deepak ends up in the very same thought circle as every other writer who tries to explain life in scientific terms: Intelligence is a self organizing entity and every cell evolved is only intelligence having a conversation with itself.  Whether your word game tosses in the word "quantum" or not doesn't change much.  What a solipsistic thought; what a solipsistic world.  I wonder if his readers who actually experienced the oneness Deepak speaks of wouldn't, after awhile, go insane
Boring...tedious...self indulgent. I read both this novel and The Truth Machine because a friend highly recommended them.  What a bore...First of all, I give this two stars instead of one star because, at least apparently, it is accurate from a scientific and factual perspective.Truth be told, Halperin is not a novelist. He is an extremely accomplished amateur futurist.This novel, like The Truth Machine, has very interesting concepts. Concepts that could have been explained in a very compelling 150-page novel.  Instead Halperin takes us on a journey of self indulgent "gee, this is how smart I am", which would be ok if he could write without using endless clichs, unbelievably shallow characters and excruciatingly boring story lines.  What's so frustrating is that now and again he just about "get's it" and then returns to lecturing the reader.To top it off he has an incredibly naive and sophomoric understanding of religions, especially Christianity and postmodern philosophy.I wish I had known I could download the text for free from his website instead of forking over the $7.99 for the book.
Disappointed. I found this book amongst my roomate's things when we were moving out of our dorm for the summer. It had been an assigned reading for a Southwestern Literature at my college. I thought it seemed intresting enough so I picked it up over the summer and started to read. At first I really got into it. It's typical of Southwestern Lit. Full of magical realism, descriptions of the landscape, use of spanish and english.  At first I really got into it. I was fasinated by the charaters and liked the discursive narrative. About two-thirds through the book it seemed to fall flat. Fist, there author includes a story that had little relationship to the plot at all. The tangent did't add any &quot;color&quot; or anything elese redeamable, except to confuse the reader. Secondly, over half the book was focused on the intresting stories of the sisters. I really liked the characters, and I was intrested in their stories. I was hurt when they were all killed off, mostly in long painful deaths. I'm not a happy-ending kind of person, usally I find them sappy and mawkish. After finishing So far from God I was depressed. Althought the book has some artistic meritm this is not a fun read or a &quot;beach read&quot;. If you really want a good read from this Genre, read the Milagro Beanfield War
UGH. I loved Girl's Guide and have to agree with most of the reviewers below.  I was so looking forward to another fun, interesting read and for once could not actually finish a book, unusual for me as I will stick with anything unless it's terrible.  This book is just so boring, no spunk or humor; it just fell flat.  I am also finding the Jewish thing to be getting a bit old and overdone in novels these days...aren't there any other ethnic groups to be written about
The Erotic Scenes.. .. Were what kept me reading.  Those were really explosive and well written, with a careful balance of setting, romance and raw passion.  BUT, the story line dragged, the heroine contradicted herself by saying "she can take care of herself" and yet every other chapter was balling like a 3 year old.  *sigh*  I gave it 2 stars for the sex and the sex only
Not a history book. This book was poorly conceived and even more poorly written. Most of the material should have been be presented in a sociology forum, not in a history book. The book has a short, but interesting chronology, and a few interesting maps, but overall, not worth the time
No way. The pictures in this book are horrible. Blurry in black and white. There's only simple stitches and nothing exciting. I have not used this book, and have had it for a few months now. I wasted my money :
What a Load of Baloney. This book depends upon (count'em) five works from the nineteenth century, all of which have been debunked by scholars. It is a wonderful fantasy. If you like reading fantasy, and can accept it as such, it will be a great book for one to read.However, ask yourself what has happened to Hal Lindsey in the last 36 years: he made a fortune, now owns several homes and luxury cars. Strange way, don't you think, for one to show his belief that the end is near
WOW!. What a joke. Liberals are wonderful people, really. Ha, NOT! They can't argue good politics so they attack someone who can. Nice..what looser
Did I miss something?. Here's what this book never explained:  if you are WILLING to cook at all, you can cook anything you want.  So why do you need this book?  You don't.  Cooking for yourself is a personal hurdle that you either accomplish or you don't.  If you can get to the point of cooking at all, then you don't need this book...the world is at your dutch oven.  The advice in the book is nothing that you haven't read in ANY magazine that you can pick up, whether it's a men's health magazine or even any ladies magazine.  The recipes may as well have been gleaned from the same pages as those same magazines.  There was NOTHING in this book new.   This was a major league disappointment
No wonder his wife is friendly with the prisoners. This is the story of Sheriff Bell, an insufferable dullard who won't shut up about how criminals these days are really evil (as opposed to all the lovely ones he knew of when growing up?).He's also a world-class boaster, never going more than a few pages without telling us how fantastic is wife Loretta is. The same Loretta who spends most of her time baking for or writing to evil criminals -- which tells me all I need to know about that marriage.The yakkity-yakking doesn't stop there. An even bigger gas-bag is Chigurh, the motor-mouthed murderer. In fact, he kills people twice. Before he shoots 'em, he bores 'em to death. His weapon of choice: Lectures about coins. (His final kill took so long, I had to restrain myself from flingling the book across the train carriage.)On the technical front, McCarthy does not structure the drama in the Classical way. He chose the Boring way. The majority of scenes end exactly as you expect and only one character (Moss) has a believable goal. McCarthy also omits the obligatory final scene, between Chigurh and his prey Moss, which was the only reason I kept reading the book. No doubt this is to defy the expectations of the reader. Expectations that this might turn out to be a decent story, in my case.What's more, Sheriff Bell has no scenes with either Chigurh or Moss, making him a narrator with zero personal stake in the action. Because McCarthy writes good, visual dialogue, he gets away with an inconsequntial narrator for the first half of the story. But when the man on the run (Moss) exits the story, there is no other character to invest in, so the plot grinds to a halt. McCarthy cannot resusitate it because there is no connection whatever between the two remaining main players.So, does McCarthy put us out of our misery? No. Sheriff Bell waffles on for pages and pages about Vietnam, not unlike John Goodman's character Walter in the Big Lebowski. And that's it.My verdict: I hope Loretta runs away with a criminal. Preferably one of them new evil ones
Disappointing... There is very little in this book that the average fitness-minded person does not already know. Granted, it does provide some ideas how to properly structure your training, and also a few exercises (esp. plyometrics) that are unique to this book, but on the overall does not have detailed enough information on surf-specific workouts. Also, the instructions for some of the more complex strength exercises such as the squat are dangerously inadequate. While such exercises may be highly productive if performed with correct form, the description in this book does not include even basic aspects of the right technique, and may so set you up for injury. Even though this was one of the first, there are better books on this topic
Poor Organization. I am one third through and I am afraid I find the book poorly organized. There are no real step by step examples integrated with data. I have used other step by step books with greater success
A Bloated, Annoying, Cookie Cutter Debut. After many years, I decided to finally give Kathy Reichs' Temperance Brennan series a go.  So, where better to start than her debut novel 'Deja Dead' which introduces Reichs' heroine.Temperance Brennan is an American forensic anthropologist working in Montreal for what I'm guessing is the French-Canadian equivalent of a Medical Examiner's office.  Of course our heroine is head strong, independent, and unlucky in love (aren't they all?).  Well, some murders start turning up and, amazingly enough, our intrepid anthropologist is the only person that links the crimes together.  Do the police believe her?  No, so she must investigate the crimes on her own.  And by doing so, the murderer then turns his attention to Brennan and her family and friends (don't all killers eventually do that?).First off, the book is bloated.  The book (at least the paperback version) clocks in at about 530 pages.  Reichs' writes too much about menial tasks that her character, Brennan, does during her usual day.  Does anyone really want to hear repeatedly about what a character had for dinner or what paperwork she does at work?  I know I don't want to read it.  Now I'm a person who enjoys a nice, long book but 'Deja Dead' (where did she get that title anyway?) is about two hundred pages too long.  And it is a very slow read.Secondly, her main character, Brennan, just isn't likeable.  In fact, I found her quite annoying.  The policemen in the novel are portrayed as incompetent, arrogant jerks who are too worried about being right than they are about doing the right thing.  When in fact I think that they just didn't want to deal with this overly nosy anthropologist who is obviously stepping on toes and irritating people who are just trying to do their jobs.  Reichs' tries to portray Brennan as a lone crusader fighting against all these odds to get to the criminal.  When in fact she is an irritating anthropologist who has no business investigating a murder.  She is, basically, a laboratory-based employee who should not be in the field.  So I don't blame the cops in the book that don't like her.  She's butting her nose in where it doesn't belong and, in a part I actually liked, she ends up bringing irreparable damage to her family and friends.  I thought it a just outcome.  Also, after about the twentieth time of Brennan looking at some cop's rear end and saying "I like the way his butt looks...Oh, stop!  You need to get laid." I wanted to scream.  Dr. Brennan, at least in this debut novel, is extremely irritating.Thirdly, I have read the basic plot of this book in a hundred other novels.  The suprise "switcheroo" ending is not suprising but more annoying...  It is just a cheap way to trick the reader.  And if I have to read about one more main character who ends up becoming the target of the "killer", I will scream.  Its pathetic.  How many times does it need to be written?  Its ridiculous.Now, 'Deja Dead' is the first of Reichs' books that I've read.  I've heard that the following books in the Brennan series are better and I certainly hope this is the case.  I really didn't like the book:  not the characters, the plot, the writing...  But I will give Reichs another try and read the next book in the series.  If its as bad as 'Deja Dead', I don't think I ever read another one her books
Scatterbrained. This book is so scattered and disjointed.  Topics don't flow, random jumps are made, and the text is written poorly to top it off.  If you're going to get a cell biology book, get Molecular Biology of the Cell, Fourth Edition by Bruce Alberts.  Might be a bit thicker but for the same price you get much better information
approach with caution. Bible Code enthusiasts believe God put hidden messages in the Bible for us to find with a computer, however, when you read this man's book, a whole different picture emerges. He states over and over again that he does not believe in God. Then somewhere towards the end of the book, he tells you what he DOES believe. He believes that the Bible Codes are real, but the Bible and its codes were not written by God, but by an alien intelligence that came to us from another planet in a UFO. AND... He claims that there is a Bible Code Key, a steel obelisk buried beneath the salt encrusted land of the Dead Sea, and it is his goal to find it. This key is supposed to contain all knowledge of humanity and it was brought to earth by aliens in a UFO, the ones who supposedly created us. He states we are destined to find this obelisk when the end times are upon us. Incidentally, the Dead Sea, including the land around it, is geographically the lowest point on earth and is considered by some Christian theologians to be the main gateway to hell. AND... This man is bouncing back and forth between world leaders telling them of his dire predictions, BUT that the predictions are actually just "warnings", and we can work to change the outcomes by working together for peace. When his predictions don't come true, he goes back to the computer program and types in different trigger words until he gets the prediction to say what he wants it to say. Or, he claims that we can somehow manage to avoid making the dire prediction come true by taking defensive action soon enough. He predicted a smallpox epidemic to strike Israel in 2005. That didn't happen. Did anyone take action to prevent it? He predicted a nuclear attack on New York or Israel in 2006 (we have a little over 2 months left in 2006 to see if that one comes true). The test of a true prophecy of God is that it will always come true. I was given the very distinct impression that this man's approach to Bible Codes, using them to predict the future, is the handiwork of Satan, and may prove to be a primary tool of the False Prophet. The book Alien Encounters by Chuck Missler hypothesizes that the Antichrist's arrival will be accompanied by a skyful of UFOs, and the Antichrist will then claim that the raptured (missing) Christians were taken by the UFOs because they need to be "re-educated", and here Drosnin is stating a firm belief in aliens as our creators. God warns against listening to soothsayers, mediums, fortunetellers and the like. This really isn't much different. And why would God use an admitted atheist to minister His prophecies to the world? He wouldn't. Christians should ignore Drosnin's Bible Codes, or, at the very least, approach them with great skepticism. If you have an interest in Bible Codes, stick to the writings of Christians, such as Chuck Missler or the Christian Jewish Minister Yacov Rambsel. I also recommend reading the book Alien Encounters by Missler.
The only great thing about the book is its name. The only great thing about "The Great Fire" is its name.This is one of those books that as you read it, you find yourself lost in thoughts about the morning commute, the long ago expired and still unpaid decal on your front windshield, about the dog, that you forgot to feed and you now know it repaid you by doing its business on the one spot of the carpet, which you fiercely guarded and hoped to protect before the weekend party with your boss and his pricy wife who for some time now has been...but then you collect your thoughts and try again to refocus your attention on this story of post war Japan and the Australian soldier who fell in love with a teenager, or was the chap British...and the she, the bosses wife, who strangely winked at you during the last Christmas party and you felt like choking...he must have been Australian since in the end he decided to stay with the girl in Australia...but now you know that the spot in the carpet would forever remain brownish with its if not putrid then at least nagging reminder of the day you forgot to feed the damn dog because the book you were tying to read...but who really cares whether the Australian and the teenager remained faithful to each other, after all the world really changed since 1947...and so you hope that the next paycheck would be enough for you to make a call to `Stanley Steamer' and have them fix the memory of your immoral transgression...But back to the book! If you love British style novels of the kind where old ladies and younger chaps (with names like Bertram and Aldred) get together to have some tea, then in their spare time write long romantic letters, and from time to time remind each other of the horrid world war 2, this is the book for you. If you are like me, meaning you have so much on your mind that it'd take a much stronger novel to keep your attention pinned to its pages, then I highly recommend you withhold the urge to read this one.- by Simon Cleveland
Didn't get much from this book. This was one of these books I'd usually pick off the library shelf,  glance quickly through it and put it right back. I thought there was too much fluff. What I found most annoying was that the author inserted unrelated myths or anecdotes, etc., sometimes in mid-paragraph, with seemingly no rhyme or reason, that had me searchng for the next relevant page
limited value. For an adult beginner, this book is of very limited value. It cannot be used to learn the piano, but is only a general guide for someone who already has a substantial musical background. I would not buy this book if  you are an absolute beginner other than to read a sometimes interesting  story about how a more advanced player practices and learns to play the  pian
A huge let-down. Don't waste your time or money. I have spent years studying the Knights Templar and have read countless books, both fact and fiction, about the group.  This book is advertised as a historical study, a factual timeline of the history of the Knights Templar.  According to the cover, it is "in detail unmatched by any other reference volume...Never before have the world's most intriguing knights had their incredible adventures and history so fully captured".It is instead excessively concise (1 sentence covering an entire year of history), many times inaccurate or incorrect, and only 100 pages long (125 pages if you include the foreword, several oversimplified maps, and a note from the author).Many stated 'facts' are based on books that are best classified as "conspiracy theories".  The bibliography lists many questionable books (some of which have been proven wrong); although there are several accurate books listed as well, the result is a muddled mix of history and guesstimating, blurring the lines between fact and fiction.The author uses the recent popularity of "The Da Vinci Code" and the reemergence of "Holy Blood, Holy Grail" (going so far as to list the 2 titles in red on the back cover and stating that this book "is an even more extensive resource.") to profit quickly, yet he apparently did little research.  The result is a lot of incorrect information or information based in large part on conjecture.If you are a beginner looking for basic information on the Templars, you might find use in this book as a starting point which leads to more accurate works, but be sure to research the specifics before you believe because a lot of the information is hypothesized or incorrect.If you are looking for facts (detailed, accurate, historical information about the Templars) move on without looking back; you do not need this book.There are plenty of accurate historical depictions of the Knights Templar; don't waste your time with this short, contrived, affected effort that was obviously published for a quick dollar
Poor research. I was intrigued by this book because of the glowing reports I read about it on several homeschooling websites.  The entire text is available online, so I thought I would read a section to get a feel for how it is written.  I chose a subject that I have done a great deal of research on, and was amazed that hardly a sentence in the entire section was correct.  It was full of misinformation, long discredited theories and even character slander.  I am very disappointed both in the book and in the websites that are recommending it
The Crossing - Back and forth to Mexico. The Crossing is set in New Mexico and Mexico in the late 1930s, during the last days of the Wild West before the onslaught of the motor car ends the frontier once and for all.The story is centred on two adolescent, monsyllabilic farmer's sons in New Mexico. When a wolf comes up from Mexico the farmer and his two sons decide to set traps and catch the wolf. McCarthy takes us into the mind of the wolf and an interesting, but sadly short, period of the book ends when the older son, alone, catches the wolf. Here he decides, rather than kill it, to return it to Mexico from where it came. When he reaches Mexico he is surprised to find the Mexicans don't see his generosity in quite the same light. After they commandeer the wolf and set it to fighting dogs Billy shoots it, and drifts through Mexico before returning home where he finds his parents murdered by horse thieves. An obvious plot at this stage would be for them to seek revenge but no. Instead they become thieves themselves and we find ourselves heading back to Mexico, with an unclear goal except to find their horses, a big country in which to find half a dozen horses, and our two protagonists becoming less and less likeable by the page. It is a pity that although McCarthy manages to take us into the mind of the wolf he never once reveals what the two boys are thinking, nor why. What motivates Billy and Boyd? For the entire book we never find out.They meet a girl in an encounter that will be confusing to anyone who does not speak fluent Spanish. They also meet several Mexicans, some with their parent's horses, and they reacquire some of the horses in equally confusing scenes. Later Boyd, the younger brother, runs off with the girl; Billy returns to the USA, tries and fails to join the army (we are now in the 1940s) and so works on various ranches before returning to Mexico, for the third time, to find his brother.In `The Crossing' there are in fact three `crossings' into Mexico, which is projected as a lawless country full of generally unpleasant people, much like the USA. In fact, through the book there are few endearing, likeable characters that the reader can actually root for; the wolf and one or two horses are the possible exceptions.Much of the dialogue is in Spanish and difficult to follow. McCarthy may be pleased with himself for speaking Spanish but many readers of English literature do not and with so much dialogue in Spanish, and untranslated, it makes the story difficult to follow.This is further aggravated by a lack of proper punctuation. Mr McCarthy should remember that punctuation is something that has evolved with the English language and is there to make the language more comprehensible. To eliminate this not only distracts readers from what you are saying, but stops readers from enjoying the writing. Reading a sentence of 80 words without so much as a comma is very hard work. Lawyers often omit punctuation when writing a legal document to protect them legally. At times, `The Crossing' was much like reading a legal document, you need to read each sentence twice to understand exactly what McCarthy is saying.Yet McCarthy still gives a compelling story described in vivid locations. Behind the faade of Spanish dialogue, unpunctuated English and dull characters there is a powerful storyteller at work here. It is a pity he chooses two charisma free lads having a loosely connected series of mini-adventures to express himself
Disappointing...unsatisfying ending, unoriginal. I was disappointed with this after reading My Sister's Keeper (which I loved).There are too many plot holes in this story, too many inconsistencies. Like how the semen on Gilly's thigh was never explained - that's the most major one. The characters don't seem realistic. Addie and Jack's relationship annoyed me - the scenes with them seemed very contrived. The dialogue, most of the time, comes off as cheesy. Its the only way to describe it. Cheesy, cheesy, cheesy and cliched. The story only picked up its pace during the courtroom scenes (the best scenes out of the entire book) but still the ending was very unsatisfying as it did not explain a whole lot of things. And also, Picoult ends nearly *every* scene with a character dropping a one-liner. I found this rather irritating. Maybe its just me.Addie misunderstands Jack so many times and overreacts again and again -the reader can only tolerate so much up to a certain point. The worst scene, I think, was when Jack tried to clear out Addie's dead daughter's room to get Addie to move on. It was so unoriginal.The plot is not believable. It just doesn't work. The portrayal of Gilly was inconsistent and one-dimensional. Why did she try to poison her father? What would it have achieved? Why was she so angry at him in the beginning? Her motives were never clear from the start and Picoult does not satisfyingly explain them.I'll say one good thing though. She can write courtroom scenes pretty well
Good Idea.... I think  Mallory and the Dream Horse was a good idea for the BSC series, but it wasn't as detailed as other horse books. I should know that a white  ribbon in a horse show is 4th- I have 2 of them! Still, good idea. ALSO-  riding instructors should NOT let their riders pick what horse they want to  ride; that could be bad for all 3, and maybe even cause fights. The horse  and rider's bond wouldn't be as strong, either, and it takes at least a  month to get to a canter
The guide sucks. You'd be better off using the internet to figure the game out. The guide feels super cluttered, it's almost hard to read and it doesn't tell you everything at the right time. I think it feels cluttered because there's too many pictures in it. Every page has at least 7 or 8 images on it. The best thing about the guide is the production value but I didn't buy for that
Don't Waste Your Money. Unethical review practices aside, this book isn't that great. I had a look at Borders and I was not impressed by either the content nor its organization. Of all the InDesign CS books I've seen (or seen described so far), Scott Kelby's interests me the most... essentially because he does such good work on his Photoshop books that I know a certain level of quality will be achieved there
no buy. the book is not at all thorough, but is thumb nails of so called hybrid buildings. There is no distinction between mixed use projects and hybrid buildings. hybrid buildings is relatively a new concept but buildings from the sixties are cited as examples. A no no buy.
A disappointment. I got my copy. I love the cover living room. I was disappointed in the book, however. It's a nice collection of pretty pictures, but that's about it.  I expect more than that from a book. There does not appear to be much thought in how the book is slapped together. The writing isn't very informative. I'd give this one a C-
Eww!. This is the worst book I have ever read! It is ssssssssssssssooooooo dull! Even "Grunt" is better than this-- eww eww eww! Go try some real books like The Chronicles of Narnia, The Underland Chronicles, Inkheart, and the Inheritance Trilogy-- it will do you some Good Great Thing NOT to read THIS awful book! :
It only points out your faults, not how to fix them. This book is a great way to help with analyzing yourself, but it doesn't help you to fix any of the reasons that you are lacking self worth. It will help you save a few buck with a counselor, you can just write a list of the things that hit home as you thumb through this short little book
Bloody Awful. When I the reviews to this book I thought to myself: this is going to be the read of the summer. So naturally, I went to my local bookstore and paid $24.00. A few hours later, I went back and returned it. It was vulgar and had a story that went absolutely nowhere. I don't know why so many liked it but it was so mean and pointless, with no execuse for its swearing. Literature isn't trash, Mr. Carey.
Do Not Read This Book. ... unless you really  want to. And you better have good reasons in that case. I can't imagine what they could be though. If you want to ponder, circa 1988,  the problems facing  U.S. cities, or terrorism, or conspiracy,  you'll not find anything much here. This is Franzen's first book,  written 13 years before the materpice The Corrections (which is why  you're considering this one, right?), and the kid had not yet assembled his talents nor adequately honed his intelligence. Rather than itemize its marginal successes against it's tedious failures, I'm gonna streamline for you: the only reason to give this a workout is to see how much the author, as a storyteller, truthteller, character-meister, has developed since. And that endevour is one of research.  Read The Corrections again instead. Seriously
Lehrer should not have bothered. The Special Prisoner has a promising premise: retired Methodist Bishop confronts Japanese soldier who brutalized him in a prison camp 50 years before. What happens next ? A lot, but it's so shallow and simplistic that by the end, which comes mercifully soon, I cared not a bit. This work is not worthy of Jim Lehrer, and I would not recommend it to anyone
Dangerous misinformation. Suzanne Somers apparently has no use for modern medical science. Especially as a survivor of breast cancer (although of a very early stage) she is putting her life in grave danger by taking hormones. Recent studies have shown that women who were taking HRT for protection from heart problems actually had MORE problems than normal menopausal women. This is an unbelievably destructive, horribly dangerous book for people to take seriously. Being skinny is NOT more important than being alive. If you want to get the real scoop on hormones, talk to a doctor at an academic medical center (in other words, one that isn't going to mislead the public for personal financial gain) and see what she or he has to say. Chances are excellent that you'll be told to avoid them at all cost. Look at it this way: are you going to put your very life in the hands of Suzanne Somers? I'm sure she's a very nice person; it's just that she has no medical training whatsoever. *** writing from an NCI-designated Comprehensive Cancer Center**
What a letdown!. I really liked the premise of a reading club, with the themes in the books interwoven into the lives of the readers.  But a few pages into the book, I began to feel disappointed.  First, the voices of each of the characters - Harriet, Nicole, Polly, Susan, Clare, Cressida ... sounded exactly alike to me.  Each uses the same adjectives to describe their thoughts and feelings - a couple of times, when I went back to reading after having forgotten to bookmark the page, I'd realize that the page I'd turned to wasn't where I left off - it just sounded very similar.  And then after a couple of hundred pages, I completely lost interest in the characters, as I began to see Noble preparing to neatly wrap up the plots.  I'd probably otherwise have given this book two stars, but I felt so let down after a promising plot in the first three-quarters of the book, that I think it deserves only one star, if that
Ego Visible. I had high hopes when I picked up this book because Styron is a terrific writer and I was interested in the subject. By the time I was done I nearly threw it across the room. Admittedly, Depression makes for a tough topic, but that's not good enough.There's more to Depression than staring at an empty page, unable to muster the courage to write one single word. The dark places of the soul also have their fires, their drama, even if they are played out in secret.I will grant that the writing is spare and elegant, as you would expect. But I would have traded all the insider literati name-dropping for one paragraph that gave me a visceral sense of how he felt, something that put me there with him. I have read instruction manuals for appliances with more passion and conviction.Styron is candid about his descent into alcoholism, but the self-destruction inherent in alcoholism does not imply the elimination of ego, frequently it heralds the triumph of ego. In Darkness Visible, Styron maintains egomaniacal control of his subject through aloof detachment, showcasing a carefully polished veneer, never inviting the reader in.
This person doesn't have a clue. She routinely misrepresents evidence and publishes hearsay along with her own distorted theories.  She generally doesn't understand the first thing about computing technology, security or the voting process.  Sadly, I agree that electronic voting is a serious problem and there are terrible security implications with how it is being conducted.  However, Bev Harris is NOT the person to get answers from.  Her conclusions are wrong and she ends up trashing the very people struggling to help the problem.  And yes, I have had the displeasure of watching her distort the facts in front of my very eyes.  She's part of the problem, not the solution
talk talk. May as well buy a grays anatomy.  Pictures minimal and loads and loads of words and more words.
Review of the book, and a response for Cymry9876. The argument that there must be a higher power because there is too much complexity is childish. Just because we believe it to be complex does not require that something as intelligent as a human (or more so) was needed. Check out The Blind Watchmaker by Dawkins for a superior argument.I also just wanted to note to Cymry9876, and to others, that Antony Flew has not "converted" to theism as has been often claimed. How do I know this? He announced his position to a crowded auditorium at a conference on Secular Humanism in Amherst, NY. Misinformation does not an argument make
A Puerile Embarrassment. "Hailing from across the ideological spectrum" "twenty-one of the writers who have thought longest and hardest about immigration" - what a joke! Only one immigration sceptic, George Borjas, is allowed a voice; the rest are all drawn from the shop-worn ra-ra neocon pro immigration chorus, with a few leftists thrown in, whom TJ must have known in her college days. Even worse,as Steve Sailer points out in "Remythologizing the Melting Pot" on VDARE.com, she displays no grasp on  statistics and allows her writers to contradict themselves on matters of fact, such as why the German 19 Century influx was assimilated. Far better, in view of President Bush's Amnesty/Open Borders proposal to read Borjas' "Heavens Door"
Overly Contrived, Stereotypical. Characters are annoyingly stereotypical, without much depth or substance. Book is dated by its constant references to Rodney King and the typical white vs. black sides-taking of the issue. Characters don't seem to grow beyond their own prejudices, and all of the 'walking-on-eggshells' is tiring
Boring. It was like a T.V. movie.  It sort of keeps your attention, but ultimately, it was just a way to kill a few hours.  I thought the Robert character was entirely weird, even creepy.  Who would want a stranger hanging out with your family, day after day, when you're mourning the death of your husband?
On Drugs. I give this book one star as there was nothing lower to choose from.  Save your money.  This book is not worth either your time or your money.  Was she on drugs during the writing of this piece of tripe?
K is  for killer... Well, if anything this was a decently written story, with good dialect and character detail. However, this story felt like it was going around in circles without any indication of ever ending. Grafton seems to have an idea of where she wants to go with this story but never really gets there.The story starts off with PI Kinsey Milhone in her office at night when she hears a knock on her door. She opens it to find Janice Kepler, mother of Lorna Kepler standing before her with the tale of her daughter's mysterious death. Not only this, but she also explains to Kinsey about how no one ever solved the murder because Lorna's body was left to decompose for ten months in her isolated cabin house. They talk for a while about the strange circumstances surrounding her daughter's death until Janice tells Kinsey about a pornographic video that was sent to her house after Lorna's death. This tape leads Kinsey on a wild goose chase of suspects in the red light district and gets her nowhere when it comes to turning over the real murderer.Millhone dives even further and searches through the world of Lorna's day job where she uncovers a mysterious lead about an expensive, elaborate project which is angering several people a considerable amount. Kinsey also checks up on Lorna's family members, and with the exception of Janice, all seem to have a motive to murder her Lorna.Not being a fan of these types of novels, I decided to at least give it a chance but this story got me nowhere. By the middle of the novel I wanted to give up and skip to the end of the story, but when I got to the end I had to go back to the middle to figure out how everything ended. I stopped caring about the whole murder after so much more emphasis was placed on so much side stories and it seemed like Grafton did too. The ending left me with a strange feeling and I didn't know if the book had actually ended. All in all, it was just not the right kind of book for me but if you're a murder mystery fan, try any other of Grafton's alphabet themed novels besides this one
A major disappointment. The book was supposed to be a translation, but the author has ended up publishing her biases in the garb of presenting it in narrative form. A quick search on the author reveals that she is a controversial character and that Encarta removed her contribution after investigating her scholarship.As someone interested in learning about Hinduism, I was looking for someone who could just give me the facts instead of a polemicist. The book was a huge disappointment. I wish I had known about Encarta yanking her piece on the grounds of poor scholarship before I embarked on reading her "translation.
Absolutely Nothing Of Value Here. The content of this book simply mirrors several of Ms. Horner's free webinars on her website.  (Save your money and go there if you must.) She has about three ideas which she thinks are a great new way of seeing Forex trades and repeats them and repeats them. She regularly promises to get down to the nitty-gritty later on, but just keeps writing (or talking) the same suggestive pap and never gets around to the real deal.  It doesn't take long to realize that there isn't any real deal coming from her. She will, however, be very happy to sell you her products; maybe that's where you'll get all the valuable and tradeable info, ya' think? All suggestion and what-ifs without any concise trading plan. If you notice how many Forex Trading Expos she participates in, I would really question if she has time to be an active (and successful) trader as she claims. She is yet another one of those self-appointed gurus who "love to teach" but whose trading track record is never disclosed.  This is all hype without content, in my opinion.
Review of non-existent product. I was very disappointed to find that most of chapter 5 "Genetic Engineering" was incomplete. The chapter was cut off (on page 80) and was followed by a repetition of page 49-80. Chapter 6 "Why we should Worry" had been left out and the beginning of chapter 7 "Human Rights" (page 105-113) was missing as well. It was very important for me to work on precisely these (missing) chapters at exactly this moment in time, so I am of course quite dissatisfied with the quality of this particular product.
Outdated. This book is so old it should not be sold anymore.  The so called &quot;updates&quot; are simply token and the whole book is too old to be of help. Also, the people are so spartan they really don,t relate to the modern cruiser..ie.. they spend time on the merits of kerosene lights.  When they finally retire to land I sure they will end up in a trailer park
Wasted Space. I was very disappointed with the content and layout of this book.  The amount of wasted pages for 'workspace' is excessive, but considering the lack of true content, I assume they needed to fill pages with something.
One of the more preachy books that I have read. I enjoyed Covey's 7-habits work, and bought this to add to my collection of leadership books. This is one of the most heavy handed, preachy books that I have encoutered. Give me a break! After vomiting, I threw it out. Save your money and try these instead:Leadership Challenge21 Irrefutable Laws of LeadershipGood to GreatFirst Break all the Rules
I'd throw it away, but then I'd worry that some homeless person might get stuck reading it. I can not describe how painful this book was.  The first quarter of the book goes at the pace of a moderately entertaining tale, but then grinds to a halt as soon as Silas is leashed with the orphan girl.  This book stands out in my memory not just for instilling a loathing of the written word that nearly took my away from literature for the rest of my life, but for the great amount of negative space it left in my brain when I try to recall some of the "excitement" of the drudgery of Silas's everyday life.Truly a GREAT classic to unload on junior high children
Very disappointing research. This book is obviously strongly on our side, but unfortunately it is not going to provide us with serious evidence.  Suppose someone challenges me on how they got their $100 billion estimate of the costs of guns.  Will I be taken seriously if I tell them that the book relies on one public survey question in one survey?  If I do use this number, where does that leave me in arguing with gun nuts that cite these wacky surveys showing that guns are used defensively 2.5 million times a year?  So they have 16 surveys.  I don't believe any of them, but what do I say when they say I only use a survey to measure the costs, why not also the benefits?   What if the gun nut morons point out that the estimates of benefits from the surveys are greater than our estimated costs?  The one paragraph that Cook and Ludwig have on defensive gun uses being silly could just as well be used against their reliance on a survey.  I want to use the figures here, but could one of the people on our side write a review saying how I could respond to these concerns.  Absent that this book risks making us look rather silly and hypocritical
Fancy title, weak content. Although it mentions many of the traders I respect, I found the book to be written at an eighth grade level with a lot of redundant information (filler).  I can say this because I have read the main works that this book claims to distill, and Boik's book falls short of my expectations.  I would stay away from this one and read the main works.  You will learn a lot more and save your money
uh-oh. I feel like a traitor since I love Seton's THE GREEN DARKNESS but this is probably the worst book I have read in ages.  The characters are amoral and unsympathetic and nothing really happens.  Blech--I want the two hours I wasted on this back
Disgustingly cynical. I found the level of cynicism in this book extremely repulsive.  Weinberg consults for large organizations that apparently don't really want their problems to be solved or don't accept consultants' solutions, and he has therefore built an elaborate structure of "wisdom" around continuing to take their money and performing pointless services nevertheless.  If you find yourself in his situation, you may enjoy this book.  If not, read Alan Weiss's book Million Dollar Consulting instead, which offers advice for building a successful consulting practice around genuinely useful services
Where's the safety info?. Why is there no safety data in this book?  I realize that different &quot;experts&quot; in any given field can disagree slightly. However, I saw at least 3 essential oils mentioned in this book that were listed as  toxic in one of my other books. She never even mentioned the possibility  that these oils weren't safe. I expect &quot;experts&quot; to at least let  me know that an oil is considered questionable by others so that I can make  an informed decision for myself
A "biker" comments. After reading this book, and the reviews found here, I can't help but believe that all the positive reviews come from:1. Rich Urban Harley Riders2. Friends of the author3. BothThis is pretty light weight stuff that has very little to do with riding a motorcycle. But then again...there aren't a lot of motorcyclists. There are a lot of people who own motorcycles. Before you order it from Amazon.com pick the book up at your local bookstore. Glance through it. Maybe you'll like it. Maybe you think $25,000 is a reasonable price for a Harley.
Good for Beginners but... This book is actually good for the beginners. This book clearly shows where the major and the minor lines are and also the exact location of the mounts. But if you are looking for a book which will help you become an accurate palm reader, then this book is not for you. I noticed that many things written in this book are not true and unscientific. People who bought this book will realize this once they studied their palms and that of others. I recommend "The Benham Book of Palmistry" for serious students
Good for the first 25 pages. I bought this becuse it got a great review in the Village Voice and now seeing that the author lives in Brooklyn he must know the reviewer and got a gift from him.  Anyway I read close to a hundred pages hoping it would get better and reaized that it was a complete waste of my time
Does Anne also suffer from the curse?. As an avid fan and owner of every book she's published I was VERY disappointed in the storyline, plot, sub-plot, character development (actually lack there of), dialog, I can go on.When the story moves into dream sequences it's disjointed, choppy and is like flipping channels and watching a movie that has been on for over an hour.I haven't finished the book, I have no desire, inclination or motivation to.  I stopped reading the book a week ago and haven't felt the urge to pick it up again. I am barely 1/2 way through the book.I feel like I wasted money.  I feel robbed
outrageous price. This is perhaps the most expensive book besides collectables. Judging from the size and amount of information, it probably worths $5 - but I had to buy it simply because the professor uses it as textbook.Granted that this is a book for business management professionals or to-be's, but this does not mean the book should be this expensive. You'll know what I mean when you see the book. I think they they are taking advantage of that fact that most people buy this book get reimbursed - my self for one will get reimbursement from my company, but I resent the fact that I have to buy such an expensive book and waste my company's money only because I have to. This is robbery - it's not printing book, it's more like printing money
The insufferable Anna Wulf. Like many other reviewers, I struggled with this book. For more than 600 pages, Anna Wulf explores every thought and emotion that comes into her head and tries to make sense out of her life. This might be an interesting book for fiction writers, who might understand the elaborate process Anna goes through to create characters and combine her life with her art. But for the average reader, this is just too much and too long.I am very patient with novels. Perhaps too patient, because I should have put this one down sooner. I got all the way to page 500 before I realized I just couldn't go on. And it's quite depressing to invest so much time in a book and then put it down. Doris Lessing says herself that no one should force themselves to read a book they are not connecting with. I should have taken her advice sooner. But while some books you might not just be 'ready' for, I don't think I will ever be ready for this one.It's disappointing because I am a Doris Lessing fan. The Four-Gated City explores many of the same themes - an emotional breakdown can be constructive in order to build yourself back up whole and understand the world around you. Anna Wulf did have a fragmented mind, as demonstrated through her keeping of four separate notebooks. She was kept together by the routines of her life, such as making breakfast for her daughter. When she didn't have anything constructive to do, she thought herself to death. And if you read this book, you'll likely be right there with her - going crazy.
MISSED OPPORTUNITY. With a long-standing interest in military aviation and a rated seaplane pilot, I could not wait to start reading what I thought would be a valuable addition to my modest library.  Simply stated:  I was wrong.  The author puts together several very slim chapters around the main subject -- the March 1942 attack on Hawaii by two IJN "Emily" flying boats.  From the bibliography the volume appears well researched and documented, the fault, therefore, must be presumed to rest with the author's ability to tell us a story worthy of the subject.  The inability to do more with material that, on its face, is inherently compelling and a dramatic war-time aerial adventure is, sadly, disappointing.  Very few details about performance or specifications of the Emily are given. At almost every page, the reader wants and needs more, but it never arrives. Except for the jacket, the book is entirely without the photographs of aircraft, people and events that would have literally brought this story to life.  A substantial part of this thin volume attempts to cover other missions by the Japanese to attack the West Coast of the United states.  Attacks by a submarine launched light float plane, submarine shelling of areas near Los Angeles, the baloon attacks launched from Japan, and a few others are presented.  Unfortunately, they are brought to us in such shallow detail and tepid prose that even the most avid reader will be left wanting.  This is a facinating subject that deserved much better presentation.  This book could have delivered much in the hands of another author, but falls very short of even modest expections.
very disappointing. This CD was very uninformative and provided almost no information about the topic it was supposed to address, which is meditation. The speaker is very preachy and rambles on and on about unrelated topics. Very unpleasant voice to listen to, very boring. Big waste of money
Martin Fulfilling A Contractual Obligation To His Publisher?. I loved "My Life With The Saints" and as a subscriber, enjoy Martin's writing in America Magazine.  I am also a devotee of Thomas Merton's writing, and have read a majority of Merton's rather voluminous body of work.  So I approached this little book expecting great things, and was left disappointed.  Among other things, a fair percentage of this thin book simply re-uses writing from Martin's very popular book, "My Life With The Saints."  Further, Martin's stated objective - to shed more light on Thomas Merton's concept of the false self versus the true self - was not accomplished.  Frankly, I was left with the impression that Martin was simply fulfilling an obligation to his publisher when he tendered this manuscript.  It does not rise to his usual level of writing excellence.  For those who really want to explore Merton's approach to the emergence of the true self, I would suggest they instead buy a copy of James Finley's "Thomas Merton's Palace of Nowhere."  Written nearly thirty years ago, it is still in print and full of insights Finley gleaned from studying under Merton as a novice in Merton's monestery, and as a practicing psychotherapist.  But skip this volume
Not Mieville's best work. I'm a big fan of both Perdido Street Station and The Scar, compared to these earlier works Iron Council was a huge disappointment in both the writing and story.  It was at times very painful to read and I was so excited to finally be finished.  If you are new to Mieville, start with Perdido Street Station, if you are a big fan and looking for more from New Crobuzon be prepared to be disappointed
Disappointing mystery thriller. Sometimes I've enjoyed books by David Baldacci (WISH YOU WELLand THE WINNER come to mind); others, such as THE LAST MANSTANDING did little for me . . . add SPLIT SECOND, which I justheard, to that latter list . . . it was a disappointing mystery thrillerabout two disgraced Secret Service agents who come together tosolve two campaign-trail crimes . . . I cared little about any of thecharacters, and there were far too many subplots floating aroundfor my taste . . . the ending also didn't do much for me, as it broughttoo many separate threads together in too quick a fashion . . . lastly,I did not particularly "buy" the man behind the crimes; he just wasn'tall that believable.
Factually incorrect and completely unreliable. I know Halberstam has a reputation for being a great writer and nothing I say will change it.  However, there are two undeniable facts about this book: 1. Halberstam makes many factual errors. 2. He does not understand baseball.Bill James, who has forgotten more about baseball than Halberstam ever knew, dissects and rips apart Summer of 1949 in his 1991 Baseball Book . There are many errors of fact that could have been avoided with a little research on Halberstam's part. To mention just a few:1. Mel Parnell was not a rookie in 1948.2. Gene Bearden did not win the Rookie of the Year award.3. Jackie Robinson did not steal bases "at will" against Yogi   Berra in the 1947 series, in fact, he stole exactly one base.4. Denny Galehouse was not primarily used in relief in 1948.5. Joe McCarthy was not "weary of rookies." In fact, very few managers used rookies as often as McCarthy did.James details other errors in his book, I won't mention them all here.  The bottom line is that halberstam is an extremely sloppy author. If he was a college student writing a term paper, he would get an F.Even apart from his factual errors, Halberstam betrays a lack of understanding of baseball.  For example, he states:Vern Stephens played an adequate shortstop, though in no sense was he one. Pesky (Johnny) was shortstop, but moved to third base because he had quick hands and feet.Put aside for a moment the fact that Connie Mack said Vern Stephens was the best shortstop in baseball. Mr. Halberstam, baseball managers do not, ever, move players from shortstop  because they have quick hands and feet. Players who have great hands  and feetare moved to shortstop, which is the most demanding defensive position. Obviously, the reason Joe McCarthy picked Stephens over Pesky as his shortstop is because Stephens was a better shortstop. (His fielding stats were excellent, not that Halberstam would know that, of course)I just hope Halberstam knows more about the other subjects he writes about, e.g.war and politics, than he does about baseball. Also, he really needs to get a fact checker/ research assistant before he writes any more books
Another managing book du jour. This book is a quick read albeit not a very interesting one. The primary message I got from this book is that the author was completely enamored with Jack Welch and had totally devoted a good majority of her life to serving him while apparently sacrificing all her personal time. What she described as her sense of humor was a little offbeat and certainly not professional. The potential for a good story is there, it just never hits the mar
not very helpful for a beginner. I think this book is the worst of both worlds as a text or reference manual in that there are no real-world analogies in the first two chapters, and there aren't any really good tables for reference either. Also, in chapter two the description of capacitors (and their markings) makes no sense and the first page of chapter that ends with "this is why all common household current is AC" also makes no sense because it is preambled by a description of AC and no transformer action.I read chapter two a couple of times but still lack a good understanding because I NEED (as I imagine many do) some connection with the real world. The water pump example is good but it stops there. I dove into this text with an excitement and desire to diagnose and repair some old audio equipment that can see new life. I think I'd better find a better book before i get completely discouraged, or start working without good knowledge
loose sprockets on cassettes. I was disappointed with my purchase.   The first two tapes in the series were fine, but when I inserted the 3rd tape into my machine the tape started feeding out the front of the machine.  I checked the tape and the wheels or sprockets they were wound on were loose and free floating inside the plastic casing.  I, then examined the other remaining cassettes and 4 of the 8 had the same problem.  I wonder if these products were seconds or something?  I would not order from this vendor again because it could have ruined my machine and because it is a hassle to have to return merchandise in today's busy work world.
Not a Biography of  Benjamin Franklin. Such a disappointment ... such a fascinating individual and yet you will not find that in this book.  It is not a biography of Benjamin Franklin ... instead it is a step by step ... detailed to the point of boredom ... account of the United States' struggle for independence from England.If you a true history buff, you may appreciate this historical account. However, if you are trying to learn more about the man and his life, you will not find it in this book
A Miserable Excuse for a Textbook. Some reviewers rave about the content of this book, I don't know why.  It presents all of its topics at such a highlevel it's almost useless.  The authors of this book try to fill some kind of weird intermediate state between a digital logic course and a processor implementation course and fail miserably.  The book has not enough detail for either.The cd-rom, faithfully following the trend of academic textbooks in the US for the past decade, is also completely useless.  The most notable things on the cd-rom are: several sections and a chapter from the book, not included in the text, in pdf, and, wait for it... the SPIM mips emulator.  Wow, now that is some valuable content [/sarcasm].Any textbook that doesn't provide answers to the exercise problems deservers a zero in my opinion.  I would've given this book a zero, amazon wouldn't let me.You may be wondering, did I have this book in a course?  Did I fail, is that why I'm so bitter?  No, I made an A actually, but I sure didn't learn much from this book
Censor the Garbage. Crying of Lot 49Flat - Senseless - One dead accumulation of words - In,fact this book is, at times, so porely constructed all reviewers who herald it should be lead directly to the meat grinders. A book worthy of burning.Has writing become a whim of the well read, a process of linking obsure facts only to then be skewed by prolix innanities as simple segways to streams of consciousnessPoor PlotPoor WritingRead - Umberto Eco's Foucaults Pendulum. If you are looking for conspiracy.Do not read this book (unless you have time to waste or have by some possibility exhausted every other option on earth)
A big disappointment. This book has been on my 'list' for several years and I finally got around to reading it recently.  I might have saved myself the time - both in anticipating it and reading it.  I found none of the characters to be sympathetic.  Instead they were all somehow - how is it possible to be both? - boring caricatures.  It felt like reading a book that was being written while what the author really had in mind was a movie.  The sex was gratuitous and the so-called action felt forced.  Above all the author may or may not still live in the South, I'm not sure, but it seems odd that she found this bit of real history and place intriguing enough to write about and yet a true contempt for New Orleans and Southerners comes screaming through
Leftist approval of the new France. Somewhat useful for those ignorant of France.  However, Ardagh is for all the modernist leftist ideals.  Abortion is good.  Feminism is delightful.  Socialism is grand as long as it doesn't go too far.  Anything traditionalist belongs in the wastebasket.  Now that France is slowly dying and maybe a generation away from social upheaval, one must understand that Ardagh's idealizing modern France is mistaken.  France, modern France, Ardagh's France, is going down the tubes
The Globalization of Guilt. 1. The persective of most writers is shaped by their own experience. Dr.Steele is an American Black, a baby boomer, a member of the academic elite, a liberal arts major, and a political "conservative".This certainly affects his perpective when he discusses social issues.2. I felt that he was on pretty solid ground and made some good points when he was telling about his own experiences growing up in a segregated America and during the civil rights movement. His take on the psychological hangover after the 1964 passage of Civil Rights legislation regarding the attempts by the white power structure to regain "moral authority" by doing GOOD....and the black power advocates ready acceptance of those attempts... helps explain some of the dysfunctional after- effects that are still with us.3. Where I disagree with his analysis - speaking from my own experience and perspective of course - is that he takes the race issue which he says has been pretty well settled in the US and then blows it all out of proportion by saying that white guilt is the underlying cause of nearly every difficult social issue in the last 50 years! And he blames the "dissociating liberals" (whoever they are) for attempting to deal with these social issues. Excuse me, but I recall Nixon and the Reaganites being in power for awhile and the Bush dynasty is still with us and I haven't seen a lot of effort being done to get-together and fix things for average folks here in the good ole US of A. Of course pressing the GUILT button in this mainly Judeo-Christian culture is a sure fire way to get everyones attention.4. My point is that by injecting  blatant partisanship into the discourse he took a premise that people of all persuasions might coalesce around and instead divides us even further.His statement about Red and Blue States was a hoot! How is this helpful? Where are his suggestions for improvement - other than that he thinks Bush & Co. now have the "moral authority" that has been so lacking in America? Some might be inclined to disagree.5. Finally, as a black Dr. Steele misreads me as a white liberal in that I have never felt guilty about my white heritage - only ashamed for the historically extremely dysfunctional behavior of many of our fellow humans - themselves victims of misbegotten religious dogma.If we stop trying to improve our world just because we make mistakes in the process.........and if we fail to learn the lessons of the past,we will be condemned to repeat them or be blown into outer space.Not a happy prospect for this social progressive and fiscal conservative.
Jilly's got some good recipies here. JIll gave me her recipies for Prime rib,Yorkshire puddin, mushrooms, brussles spurouts, Pasta melonaze and others years ago and they are a staple in my home.I gotta get her book before it is too late
Teaching Toward...Freedom?. I had to read this book for one of my teaching classes, and out of all the awful books my instructor assigned during the semester, this one was the worst.First of all, Mr. Ayers includes so many poems in it that he may as well have just compiled an anthology. Most of them are not even good poems. They are the likes of that which you might see a 10 year old write. I don't know why he bothered to write a book when he contributed less than half of it. But if you like crap "poetry," then you might enjoy this book.Secondly, Mr. Ayers doesn't seem familiarised with the precepts of economics. He says that all children are entitled to a free and high quality education, all while dissing private schools. However, he fails to understand that you can have free OR high quality, but not both. This is because he hasn't yet asked himself who will provide this free and high quality education, nor has he considered what it means to deserve something.Ayers' book is nothing but socialist propoganda, so it is no wonder it is being used for the instruction of teachers. After all, the only real goal of public schools today is to get children into the socialist mindset, teaching them that they deserve the unearned. No wonder America's schools are failing, turning out nothing but mediocre adults with mediocre minds. Teachers and students alike have been brainwashed by this kind of crap for the last several decades.
Glabrous Gentleman Indeed!. This fanciful tale takes me back to the days of my youth when a good wrestling match with the cyclops was enough to put me right to sleep. Now I must find other means to bring upon myself that great slumber so I turned to none other than the inimitable Pat Robertson. It is an easy read but very difficult to beat the wookie to. The only thing that works better for me is Mein Kampf
This book ruined the whole series for me. The first several books were great, but about half way through, it just turned into porn. I have never minded a little sex in books, but this one is nothing but sex. There's supposed to be a big important vampire meeting/party after the ballet, but Hamilton doesn't even bother to write it, having Anita passed out from too much sex and magic. I lost count of the new people introduced in this book so that Anita could have sex with them. and not just sex, but multiple partner, kinky sex with an audience. This book finally crossed the line where I can't stand it anymore and will be selling the entire series as soon as I go back to selling books.Anita has collected a harem of who know how many men that only have sex with her, and do whatever she tells them to.She has created a triumvirate of her, Nathaniel and Damien, but she doesn't take care of them and Damien is forever on the edge of dying because Anita doesn't have enough sex to keep him alive, even though she needs a waiting room and a take-a-number machine for the people she is having sex with.The preview of the next book features Edward, who's been missing for a long time with a personality transplant. As I read the preview, I just could not see this new Edward. I'm not about to read a new book and see Edward as a different person. Stick a fork in her she's done.This book should not be sold to minors. The review should come with a warning. I gave it one star, because they won't let you not give it any
Too Wordy. This book was a little TOO wordy for my taste. I am sure to ALL the FANS of the Hick's absolutely love it, however I did not. That's just my opinion. I am off to the next book. I prefer something that is straight to the point and lewss fluff, if you will.
I can remember when books were better than t.v. If you pick up a mystery at the grocery store, you don't expect Hemingway.  Or even Russ Francis.  But this is really just like a bad novelization of a middling episode of "Law and Order CI".  The good men are all craggy and strong and sensitive to women.  The women are all good unless they're hookers or junkies.  All of them, at some point, beat up or kill a man.  The bad men had bad experiences with their mothers. Wives are more successful than their husbands, who are as petulant as a teenager with a used Chevrolet.In all fairness, there is a decent plot, but it has petechial hemorrhage from the ligature of Dr-Phil-level psychology and daytime-drama characters.The least you expect from a cheap mystery is that it will be better than the average police-procedural tv show.  This one fails the test.  Save your $5 and watch reruns of Bones or NCIS
Natalie Wood. I waited to read this book and was totally disgusted with it. It was more of a history about her mother (who was no doubt certifiable). Ms Wood dedicated her life, for good or for bad, to the Screen. The least this author could have done was not to  write it like someone was standing over his shoulder!
A Major Disappointment for this Bryson fan. I loved "A Walk in the Woods" and "In a Sunburned Country".  They were funny and witty, and made me want to hike the Trail and visit Australia.  I am about to travel to Great Britain, so I read this book with much anticipation.  I found it ill-spirited and mostly humorless.  I started skimming as it was so repetitive that any chapter could have been about any town he visited.  It almost made me NOT want to go to Great Britain.  I don't understand the reviews that say he talks fondly of England.  In my opinion, he bad-mouthed almost everything, and came out looking like an often foul-mouthed old curmudgeon.  If you're still interested in this book, check it out of a library and decide for yourself.  I'm sorry I spent any time on it, but glad I didn't waste any money. I gave it 2 stars to be charitable
Not near as good as "Zoom". If you have never seen any books by this author before then I would recommend purchasing "Zoom".  It's amazing which made me slightly disappointed with this one.  I was hoping it would be just as good as the first but it was harder to follow and wasn't as fun to look at.  I wish I had not bought it
Some good info among the political commercial. When Professor Polk describes the sweep of history in Iraq, he is at his best, but the book often descends into a political diatribe that is neither appropriate nor grounded in the facts.  Much of the political ranting is supposition, marring what would otherwise be an interesting and informative work. The ranting gets especially tedious towards the end.  My advice, read the first part and skip the last half
Don't bother. The recipes are poor and the inability to substitute is worse. Plus some of the ingredients are hard to come by. Better off with another cookbook, or just taking your favorite stand by cookbooks and learning to modify the recipes yourself. This book is downright bad
Not a very "okay" book. Holly, you are the true jerk. This book is a PC sociology tome masquerading as a historical overview of Halloween. Alexander's okay, Holly; you're not.
This Book Made Me Fall Asleep!. After reading "Why Do Men Have Nipples" and loving it, I had high hopes for book number two.I really enjoyed all the chapters in book 1, excluding the dialogue between the authors.  I found it boring and irrelevant to the book itself.  I skipped those sections.  The chapter topics were written humorously but gave factual information. Very fun and interesting!This book, was boring.  The chapter topics are not nearly as interesting as the first book's.  Once again there is the annoying dialogue (which I skipped).  There was virtually no humor in this book. I felt like the authors scraped the barrel to come up with topics this time around. I was VERY disappointed in this book. I read it in a couple hours. Zzzzz.Guess these authors are good for just one time
Not worth the money. I have come to the conclusion that Ken Burnscannot make a documentary over 2 hours long.He is repetitious and ona soap box throughout this documentary.  There are somewonderful moments, but the east coast bias and the socialcommentary get old very quick.  How many times, I groanedat the screen, "not again"...I get it Ken, I get it...showme some baseball already.  It is very apparent thatthis documentary was made to be watched over the course of2 1/2 months...it is unwatchable back to back.  Pick any onedisk and it is very enjoyable, but then put it away for a whilebefore you watch another one.  dissapointing
Fake stuff - why not read the real. This is made-up fake stuff by a wanna-be. Why not read the real - try Marryat's "Mr Midshipman Easy", etc. Marryat joined the Royal Navy in 1806 (yes 18) and fought against the French in the Med. He wrote this book in 1836 (yes 18) - it and other sources were  used by Forrester to create the Hornblower character. Read this book and compare situations to the early Hornblower actions - like identical.
Argh... I don't particularily appreciate athlete autobiographies, especially those written by figure skaters and gymnasts. They lack depth, inside information, insight, and good writing.Sasha Cohen's autobiography is no exception. It is a good book if you're a fan of her, especially if you want pictures (although there aren't too many of them in here). The thing that irritates me the most is how fluffy most of these types of autobiographies are. Sasha's autobiography is a piece of fluff. There is no information on what the real world of figure skating is like or anything along those lines. It just gives you her basic story, how she got started in skating, et cetera. The writing style seems pretty upbeat and happy, and I find it hard to believe that she wrote this all by herself (ghost writer, anyone?)I also think it's a little too early in her career for an autobiography (I think this was published before her silver medal win at the '06 Olympics). But, anyway, if you want a basic little autobiography of the U.S.'s latest figure skating Olympina, you may want to check this one out. Otherwise, skip it- it's nothing too special
Disappointing. The plot is good but there are about 200 pages too many.  Why a full chapter to tell us what the protagonists are thinking about the attach case, when we already know it was not in the car and we could tell them where it is? We know where the precious document is : another useless quest. People are murdered by the half dozen, the characters are outrageous, most of the time improbable, and I felt the semi-erotic swimming episode totally stupid, not to mention the girl apologizing constantly about it.I have read much better books than that. Sorry..
Didn't meet my expectations.... I'd heard good things about this book.  This was a quick read.  I was irritated by the main character's low expectations in life.  When I was done with this book I was like, "what was the point of that?"  Enough said
Only the worst of Eco. I have often joked that I would rather read Umberto Eco's shopping list than many of the so-called popular novels. In this book, Eco goes to prove me wrong. Eco has written a book that is a struggle to read, not because it is deep, complex, and rich but because it is an utter bore.The story tells of the case of Yambo, a rare-book dealer living in Milan. Yambo suffers a curious brain injury straight out of The Man Who Mistook His Wife for a Hat. In his case, he can not recall anything that ever happened to him but he can remember every book he ever read. Curious. But Eco fails to do anything of much interest with this defect. For example, Yambo runs a book studio and has a female assistant. Yambo worries that perhaps he had an affair with her and wonders how she would react. He need not have worried, because like everyone else, she treats him with no mention of the past. Yambo's wife is perfectly accepting of his condition and Yambo is able to bluff his way through conversations with any friends or acquaintances he meets. The end result is that nothing much happens and the book drones on.Yambo decides to ride off into the country to visit his childhood home in hopes that something there may trigger his memories. Yambo wonders around and gives us a detailed description of his bowel movements. "A lovely snail-shell structure still steaming." I was underwhelmed. Yambo wanders through the house finding secret rooms and reading old books. But none of this seems to go anywhere. In fact, it seems more like an excuse for Eco to discuss (although not in any detail), pre- and post-World War II Italian novels that Eco fondly remembers.The book does pick up a little towards the final part but by then I just wished the book would end. I cared nothing for the main character of the story and found the whole enterprise an absolute chore to pull myself through. Eco has done much better. If you are a true fan then go ahead and read the book to see that Eco is, indeed, fallible. Otherwise choose one of his other books instead
Self-Righteous and Bigoted. I'll make this short and to the point.  This book exemplifies the worst aspect of the so called "religious right."  It shows that being judgemental is more important than being tolerant and hating is better than loving.  Worst of all, however, is that this author believes he is bringing to light Christian values that have supposedly become "lost."  I'd like to ask this Dave Kupelian one question:  Have you ever even read the Gospels?
Small book, small value. It's cheap so you can't complain too much.  But there is not much to the book either.  A bigger book with more pages would give a parent more time to show, explain and otherwise interact with the baby and book.
By all the saints' purple boils... ...mayhap I have picked the wrong Coulter novel with which to begin. Even still, I cannot say it has been totally without mirth. I have found some of the dialogue laugh-out-loud funny (audio book version.) Talking back in response to the ludicrous dialogue affords some diversion, though mayhap most for drivers around me.Must everything be redder than red, blacker than black, whiter than white, higher than high, etc? Did I really hear that the earth moved during a vigorous amatory adventure? In subject matter, this dialogue is clearly intended for adult audiences. In construction, it rivals "See Spot run". By all the saints' pimply noses, mayhap the most fun is to be derived from the creative and deliberately non-repetitive invocations of said saints. I could wish though that someone close to the author would favor us by building an auto-correct into her word processor to over-ride "mayhap" and "hard".Oh, aye, I'll finish it (it really is a long, boring drive home and it is futile to wish the time back) but I'm glad this was a library freebie. By all the saints' split ends, I'd have been madder than mad had I purchased it
A Little Too dramatic book. I've bought this book because I love military aviation. Having read a lot of other books about the subject, after reading this I felt like I had watched a cheap Hollywood movie...I didn't like Mr. Aleshire writing style. He uses too many superlative words and after a while it becomes alittle boring. OK...they are the best, the super, the smartest, all the "est" stuff. But it is not necessary to repeat it all the time.I've learned many things, and I admire even more those who become Viper Drivers, but the writing style could be a little different..
Basic Accounting for Churches. This is a very basic manual.  Especially good for those with little or no accounting or financial background
No new info here. Dr Ward divided different ages into separate chapters and gives developmental characteristics for each age.  The end of each chapter gives suggestions for interaction with your child. All of her suggestions were good, but are things we already do on a regular basis with our son.Her suggestions include:-Give him opportunities to play near other children.-Let him use large play equipment in the park.-Don't let your sentences get too long.-Repeat what your child says.Some of the information is repetitive, and many of the recommended activities are the same for each of the ages.  Check it out of your library, but don't waste your money on it
Pointless revision of X-Men history. I tend to like just about anything that Brubaker writes.  While I'm not as excited about his Marvel work as most others are, I have enjoyed his runs on Captain America and Daredevil.  His work outside of Marvel has been great; Sleeper is one of my favorite series over the last few years.  In general, Brubaker had not written anything that I genuinely disliked.  Then came 'Deadly Genesis'.In short, this is a weak story with several plot holes which makes a mockery of a franchise that already has a history of reworking established continuity to poor results.  To what end?  Another Summers brother who is completely disinteresting, another story in which Professor X acts like a jerk, a dead X-Men (for absolutely no good reason), and some horrible reworking of existing long running history to cram it all in which now require secrets to have been kept by several key characters for the last 30 years.I want to think that this story was driven by editorial mandate.  Unfortunately, this is the second instance in which Brubaker has went back and altered Marvel history from long ago.  In Captain America, he made it so that Bucky never really died in World War II.  This initially rubbed me the wrong way, but the story itself was done well, and the surrounding plots were good, so I begrudgingly went along for the ride.  I was still able to enjoy his entire run on the book.His attempt to revise history doesn't work nearly as well here.  The key difference is that Bucky had been considered dead for so long that there was very little continuity to adjust.  He hadn't been written into any stories during all that time, so it was very easy to go and insert an alternate history for him.  In 'Deadly Genesis', Brubaker inserts events into key storylines from 30 years ago.  In order for them to work, the reader needs to believe that several key characters has kept these events a secret from that time forward.  It just doesn't work.To make matters worse, none of the characters' motivation for anything makes any sense at all.  Characters are keeping secrets, and other characters are upset with that, and through the whole you never understand why.  It's as if Brubaker had an end goal in mind, and simply crammed in any plot device necessary to get from point A to point B - even if it required characters to act contrary to their nature or the story didn't make complete sense.That aside, another difference between the two is simply that this series is not written as well as Captain America.  They overall plot doesn't make complete sense and the characters are presented fairly shallowly.  Reading it was more of a chore than an act of enjoyment.The interior art is nice, though not great.  Unfortunately, the book falls so short on story alone that the art warrants almost no consideration
Bitter Disappointment. This is a horrible book.  This author is not objective at all and does not have his facts straight.  What is the matter with this guy
Misses the Point. After using Dr.Dyer's aaah meditation CD for a month, I decided that I wanted to learn more this meditation. Therefore, I bought the book Manifest Your Destiny.  The book reads like a personal journal about nine insights he has gained from his own search for spiritualism.  There are many things that disturb me about this book.Dr. Dyer cites quotes from the bible to substantiate some of his points without citing the book, chapter, or verse.  One of the bible quotes he uses is "Is it not written in your law `I have said, You are gods?'" (John 10:34)  This is the passage to which Jesus referred when He said this to the Pharisees who were attempting to charge Him with blasphemy: " God standeth in the congregation of God; He judgeth among the gods. How long will ye judge unjustly, And respect the persons of the wicked? ... I said, Ye are gods, And all of you sons of the Most High."  (Psalms 82:1,2,6). The unjust judges of Israel (i.e., the Pharisees) were the subject of these verses.  They were civil magistrates because of their authority and power; and, they represented divine majesty in the government of the twelve tribes of Israel.  Dr. Dyer uses this verse completely out of context.   Scripture cannot be broken.Jesus believed in the bible because it is infallible and immutable as are God's other laws.  A true seeker of spiritualism cannot reconfigure God's Word for his own purpose.  Neither can the true spiritual seeker be ignorant about God's Word and actually expect to know God's and come into a relationship with Him.  Dr. Dyer takes a little bit of truth and expands upon it in a somewhat convincing way to fit our desire for an easy road to spiritualism. The fact of the matter is that according to Jesus the door to God's kingdom is narrow (Luke 13:24).   There are no shortcuts.Lastly, a true spiritual seeker does not strive to become spiritual with the intention of manifesting worldly possessions.  This appears to be a main theme of Dr. Dyer's book.  Those who seek God first gain all they need to be happy in this world as a "gift" from Him.  We do not need to grasp at anything as long as we trust God and put Him first in our lives.  Dr. Dyer seems to miss the point.
Mediocre, repetitive, irrelevamt. "A Consumers' Republic" is one of those kinds of books that exists on the premise that it illuminates some previously unknown phenomenon. The book purports to be a "bold, encompassing, and profoundly influential book."  I humbly propose that this book is none of the above. "A Consumers' Republic" is certainly not a "bold" book. Quite tepidly, actually, the author makes a weak case that is essentially a rehashing (and a mediocre one at that) of mainstream academic criticisms of popular market culture. Certianly nothing new, the ideas lamely presented by this author were actually prefigured by a factor of centuries by actual scholars such as Smith, Marx, and de Toqueville. Not bold for sure, but also lacking nuance; "A Consumers' Republic" condescends to its readers and its subjects alike.  And is this book "profoundly influential," as the jacket pompously asserts? I hope not
Unrealistic book. While I will concede that the book is an easy read, it does talk down to the child and the book constantly contradicts itself.One example from the book:Women and children in the South were not use to doing things for themselves. Then showing children with barefoot.If a child is rich enough to not "do" for himself he would not be barefoot as only poor people were barefooted in those days.Secondly very few people in the South actually owned slaves, something the book doesn't make clear.The issue for many Southerners wasn't slavery as much as taxes.Like a pervious reviewer I wish the book covered Sherman's march to Sea which an effort by the Union Army to just target the Southern Civilian population.I also wish the book was be more accurate and stated that the Northern Army didn't treat former slaves well either.The sad part that the book didn't bring out was the fact that during reconstruction there was little to no schooling allowed for children whose fathers served in the Rebel Army.
Read Abba Eban!. As the first two reviews illustrated so well, THIS BOOK IS A FLOP AS HISTORY! The author lacks true knowledge of both history and the soul of the Jewish people. Most of the writing is incoherent and mimics what previous authors wrote decades ago. DON'T WASTE YOUR $
Consider this!. To anyone who has or is planning on reading this book, consider this. This book has a lot of words which feel good and can make anyone's guilty conscience ease in thinking that "your own will is god's own will." (quoted from Walsh's books) If you will it, then God wills it because he loves you and wants you to live in freedom, right? Will is a precursor to action. If there is no such this an a 'right' or 'wrong' will, then in essence there is really no such thing as a 'right' or 'wrong' action. If someone else's actions hurt you, you feel that action is wrong. But the person who hurt you certainly had his feelings for acting that way, right? It was his will, therefore he was justified and right and god's right there to back him up. The victim is suffering. Where is his god when he needs him? Was the victim correct in believing the action wrong? Was the perpetrator correct in believing his action was right? In this book, god says that WE have the authority to decide what is right or wrong. The action is both right and wrong, right? Wrong.This is when you may want to take a look at the Bible. The Bible portrays God as a loving yet HOLY God. Holy is defined as exalted or worthy of complete devotion as one perfect in goodness and righteousness. He loves us but sees a REAL AND DISTINCT right and wrong as clear as day where sometimes it appears to be a tangled mass to our limited senses. He created us and gave us a conscience which can in most cases discern a right and wrong in a situation. He gave us a free will which allows us to then choose that right or wrong. Are we always going to do the right thing? No, and He knows that. When we do wrong thing, it is unhealthy at best to believe that doing wrong is the right thing to do because we desire it. We're NOT God. We do wrong all the time and God simply wants us to acknowledge this. He wants us to exercise our FREEWILL to do right according to our conscience and what's told in His book. But he knows that even still we will do wrong when attempting in good faith to do right. And that is why in a generous act of sacrificing Love He sent His Son Jesus Christ to SHOW us the way, sacrifice Himself on the cross for our wrongs, and be there still today to forgive our wrongs when we believe in Him and in the truly amazing thing He did for us. It's a beautiful thing!I urge you to believe that the Holy Bible is not a lie and Jesus Christ simply did the things the book said He did and is the person He claimed to be. 11 disciples took everything they said and wrote to their grave and never recanted even after much persecution. Wow!I've been a believer in Christ for almost seven years and He's continued to worked wonders in my life. I would have been a fan of these books if God had not put me on His path.In case you're wondering, I gave this book 2 stars because it has reinforced my faith in Christ by giving a glaring example of what God is not.If you've read through all of this, thank you. I encourage you to write me. God bless!
CD-ROM?. As a DBA who travels around the country constantly, my main reason for purchasing this book was the CD-ROM which claims to contain a copy of the book in pdf format along with code examples.  Imagine my surprise when I found the included CD is blank.  The book is for the office, the CD for the road. Osborne needs to get their act together.  I haven't a clue how to get a good CD without returning the book.I'm updating my review to give Amazon 5 stars for customer service.  They sent me a new book with a readable CD before I returned the bad one!!  They even paid the shipping to get the bad one back.  Thanks!
David Hume's Treatise on Human Nature an Antedote. I'll not cover the topics others have speculated in great detail. And that's the point; Rand is an armchair speculative, grounding the support of her arguments from an Aristotlean, a priori-type logic that can "prove" just about anything. The greatest Aristotlean of them all, Thomas Aquinas, could prove or disprove just about anything and everything from the same logical method, and come up with all sorts of differing conclusions. Aquinas wrote his "Summa Theologica" using nothing but deductive logic, and upon close scrutiny, one ultimately has to ask: Is this really a reasonable (cf, rational) enterprise after all?Using deductive logic, which Rand extols, can be helpful, but rarely leads to any "facts." It's merely speculation, and after a while, one has to ask if this whole methodology has any merit to it at all. Those committed to "strong reasons" will always speculate why their dogmas are superior to another's. But after a while, one begins to see that such a priori speculations are just that: An over-reliance on deductive logic to create a preference for one myth over another. The problem is that they are all myths, or false dogmas, or irrational conclusions based on spurious premises (even though the conclusions may be "valid," they aren't "sound").For those tired of reading endless rational speculations based on nothing more than armchair a priori deductions, and becoming confused rather than enlightened about human affairs, a good antedote to all these mythologizers is reading 18th-century empiricist philosopher David Hume's "Treatise on Human Nature." First, he proves that there are no a apriori foundations for genuine knowledge (opinion or belief).  All knowledge is a posteriori, that is inferred inductively from sense experience and the imagination's inferential patterns of resemblance, contiguity, and causality. Second, he shows that sensations and emotions are empirical, not a priori, and that they contribute just as much to our "knowledge" as does verification and non-falsibility. Lastly, he demonstrates that morals and the knowledge of them are based not on some pie-in-the-sky theory, but on the basic human inclination (shall we dare say "instinct") to maximize pleasure and avoid pain. For those who are tired of endless speculative metaphysical and highly rational (in the sense of overly a priori premises and conclusions) dogmas and myths, Hume is a great antedote.Since Rand is no different from her progenitors Aristotle and Aquinas, whether you "choose" to buy into her armchair epistemology will depend on whether or not you've had enough of overly-deductive reason, outdated metaphysics, and irrational dogmas and myths. If you think she has the "answers," try out Hume's antedote to see that she might be just another in a long list of mythologizers
Way overrated!!!. When I bought the book I did not know that they already made a movie out of it but I learned about it later on. So I was really excited when I started to read it - also because other comments were really good.Unfortunately the book could not live up to my expectations at all.First the story development is really slow- it takes an awful lot of pages before the actual crime happens.Second, several passages in the book do not contribute anything vital at all to the story but only slow down the pace significantly.The worst part of the book though is its style: It does not matter if a person really contributes anything at all to the story or the crime - he/she gets an extensive characterization. Most of them are several pages long and bore the hell out of the reader. Without this absolutely unnecessary amount of information this book easily could be about 200 pages shorter.But even if the pace is slow and the book should be shorter, couldn't it still be an interesting book? Unfortunately those of you who hope to find a decent crime story will be disappointed big time as well. The detective aspect is so simple it could be told in less than 100 pages. On top of that the solution to the crime is so simple that after the first clue you know who the murderer is - and wonder why you need to go through over 200 pages to find out officially.Conclusion:If you are a psychologist and/or like in-depth character studies this is exactly the right book for you.BUT for those of you who like fast-paced stories, ample twist and turns, surprises, action, thrilling developments and/or elaborate detective stories this book will be an absolute waste of your time. Please do not come anyway near it. Watch the movie instead - this way you will see some really great actors and are over with it in 2 hours
Unbiased Review. I dont take neither stance on Religion nor Science with these comments.I have read the book and I have to admit that it was marketed and was presented brilliantly. It has one goal... Sell, sell, sell.If you are after useful, quality, informative, knowledge to gain... well you wont find it here. Im so shocked to even see that when you check the back cover of the book it actually says "non-fiction".The author is a talented story teller...... add a few statistics here and there, a dash of scientific key figures, mix it with life's controversial unsolved mysteries, a few more dash of historic events and famous people, add and link a few references here and there, and WALA!!!! you have a best seller.Isnt that ironic! it is a "New York Times number 1 best seller"It was an interesting read though.
Lives of Extraordinary Women: Rulers, Rebels. &quot;Well-behaved women rarely make history,&quot; a quote by Laural Thatcher Ulrich, American Historian, are the first words of this book.  That may very well be, but I don't think we have to try so hard to show children just how shocking some of our famous women were!  Lives of Extraordinary Women is a compilation of twenty short biographies of important women in the world's history: such well-known names as Joan of Arc, Marie Antoinette, and Harriet Tubman, as well as lesser-known individuals such as Nzingha, Gertrude Bell, and Aung San Suu Kyi.  Although it looks like biographies, there is really little intellectual value to the book.  It is merely a hodgepodge of trivia and unrelated gossip.    The first chapter is called &quot;Cleopatra: Life at the Library.&quot;  Now, you would think that this would explore her love of reading and dertmination to build a world-famous library in Alexandria.  Instead, it is all about her numerous love-affairs, particularly the one with herself, experimenting with hairstyles, make-up, and perfume.  The author tells us, &quot;...she coped with the required marriage to her ten year-old brother.  He turned up drowned, and another one was poisoned.&quot;    There is a chapter on Nzingha - a West African queen.  Some important aspects of her life we just must know are: &quot;Rumor had her also murdering her nephew - and eating his heart,&quot; and &quot;...she kept fifty young men as bodyguards...she made her favorites wear women's clothes.&quot;    It gets even better!  We simply can't live without knowing that Catherine the Great's husband, Peter, &quot;heaped abuse on her, tortured their dogs...and brought his toy soldiers to bed, forcing her to participate in mock military maneuvers.&quot;    If the purpose of this book is to sensationalize the names of women in history, then it has met it's mark.  I'm not against books that attempt to amuse kids with humorous or unbelievable-but-true anecdotes.  I think the problem with this, however, is that today's educators are grabbing quickly for resources about women.  After ceturies of learning about history through the eyes of men, society is realizing that a big piece has been missing.  As educators, we are making a conscious effort to locate and use resources about women in history.  Because of this book's striking cover, catchy title, boldly illustrated caricatures, and interesting table of contents, we might be fooled into thinking this is a good book for our classrooms.  A careful reading of the pages will tell you a different story.    In the introduction, the author says, &quot;Here are twenty women who wielded significant political power.  Each of these extraordinary women triumphed over attitudes and conditions that couldn't have been more adverse.&quot;  These statements make us think that they are women to look up to.  And, although she also says, &quot;Not all of these women are role models,&quot; in the next sentence she says, &quot;Their stories are offered here to inspire awe at the power of women throughout history - and ever after.&quot;  If these behaviors are the best we have to inspire awe at the power of women, our role in history is doomed for another twenty centuries!  A fun book of trivia, perhaps.  A book to enlighten and impart knowledge, I guess not
Disappointing. I was thinking negative thoughts waiting for the book to advise me on positive thoughts.
The outline to a useful book. Find the Bathrooms First is an outline to what could have been a very useful book.  Unfortunately it is light on examples, runs out of steam, and is weakly written.Great books like this follow a pattern of make-a-point/tell-a-story.  The book makes many points, but it does them in a rapid fire fashion and never gives examples or stories that bring it home to the reader.  What results is a list of ideas without a picture of how they hang together.The book offers a six week program, but the authors ran out of steam on week 5 and week 5 and 6 are only one page each.The writing is weak.  Here is a typical passage, "Unfortunately, sometimes once you are part of an organization, you begin to come across skeletons in their closet."  The equivocation sucks all the life out of this sentence.This unwillingness to make a strong statement is helpful in face-to-face conversations but makes for dreadful reading.  The sentence should have read, "All organizations have skeletons in their closets and it's only a matter of time until you find them in your new organization."The book also needs more copy editing.  For example, the author is an alumni of my school, the Univeristy of Massachusetts at Amherst (not Amhurst.)  There are other distractions of this type.I gave this book two stars (instead of one) because the information is genuinely useful and if you follow the steps in this book you'll be better off than if you don't.
vaguely interesting first half, abysmal last half. I see all the people here like this book, but I don't get why.  The first half is unpleasant though intriguing.  Styron seems to think it is interesting for characters to rant eccentrically about whatever is on their mind, but I would disagree, and I soon started skipping all rants.  The story is intriguing, and for a while the book was kind of interesting, as we see the naive narrator come to see the truth of his pretentious friend.  Half way through, the book becomes fairly unreadable as it changes focus to a different character.  This begins with an entire chapter of the sort of rant that I found so unpleasant, and then proceeds through a tedious accounting of an unpleasant and dull tortured artist type.  I tried reading this for a while but it was so annoying that I just skimmed the second half to see how everything was tied up, which it was in a perfunctory fashion.I suppose this is good for Styron fans.  I've never read any of his books before and certainly never will again
slow and tedious. This is the shortest book I failed to finish. I'm sorry, but for a short novel, it was just got too wordy and touchy-feely for me. I loved Emperor of the Air, a collection of short stories in which feelings and places were described succintly. And the events happened at a quicker pace. But in Blue River, Canin stretches out all his descriptions of places, of main character's resentments, disappointments, fears, and memories. It really feels tedious to read and halfway through it, I just had to give up
Lacking intellectual rigor, consistency, insight or coherence. "Internal Combustion" by Edwin Black is an entertaining but uneven history about the control of energy with a purported emphasis on the ascendancy of the gasoline-powered automobile. To his credit, Mr. Black has managed a substantive research project that has uncovered a great deal of arcane historic information about the automotive industry. Unfortunately, this preachy book suffers from an acute lack of focus, where it is suspected that the large amounts of extraneous background material was added in an attempt to obscure the book's shortcomings. Indeed, the author ultimately fails to prove his central thesis, thereby casting doubt about the validity of both his research and his conclusions.Mr. Black opens the book with a scene depicting the burning of Thomas Edison's research laboratories in December, 1914. Mr. Black's conspiracy theory proposes that sinister forces aligned with the gasoline-burning automotive industry may have intentionally destroyed the world's one and only hope to mass-produce an electric car. Unfortunately, Mr. Black provides no evidence to prove this allegation.Mr. Black attempts to buttress his case by explaining that electric vehicles were once utilized as taxis in New York and other major cities in the late nineteenth century and, therefore, could have and should have been mass marketed to an appreciative public. We are supposed to accept Mr. Black's thesis that success would have been an inevitable and logical outcome despite the severe weight, cost and range limitations of the electric car when compared with the gasoline automobile. In fact, while Thomas Edison and Henry Ford were still tinkering with an electric alternative a full thirteen years after gasoline-powered vehicles had already been in mass production, it is evident to the reader that internal combustion vehicles prevailed because they were affordable, the first to market and could traverse longer distances than electric cars. That all of this was not a good development for people's health and the environment is not in dispute; rather, it is Mr. Black's contention that the white-hatted purveyors of electric vehicles could have prevailed save for the obstructionism of the black-hatted petroleum industry that remains in question.In the end, what is conspicuously lacking throughout the book is a credible attempt at analyzing and critiquing the history of governmental and popular struggle with the fossil-fuel industry. But instead of scholarship, we have a vainglorious author who is determined to salvage the barren results of two years' worth of study by substituting analysis with a highly questionable work of narrative. The end result is little more than a masquerade of nonfiction; at best, it is a book that might have limited appeal to readers who crave pseudo-historicism at the expense of intellectual rigor, consistency, insight or coherence.
DO NOT ENCOURAGE HER BY BUYING THIS BOOK. This just plain sucks.  These people writing positive reviews must never have read good SCIENCE FICTION because this ain't it.  This character, Miles, is annoying and the plot is aimless and he just stumbles upon things and WHammo HE HAS A WAY OF MAKING IT ALL TURN OUT RIGHT.  Yeah!  I JUST WANT TO VOMIT.  He staggers (literally) about the universe slowly rescuing is rag-tag but loveable group of cast-aways, as a  way of healing his own rejection.Sound like science fiction, not to me.Just because there are "wormholes" and "spaceships" does not mean this can be categorized as anything but trash.  Its boring, painfully melodramatic, really, really corny and is so in love with its main character that the plot gets second billing.This author is cut out only to write trashy romance novels.  I bought the first two omnibus books in this series and wished I had just stabbed my eyes out before I did
Techniques requirement. This book provided a method to gather requirement efficiently but the rest of the method should be revised
very nice book. this book is detailed and very nice illustrated, wunderful book! a must have for everybody!
"For the time will come when they will not endure sound.... doctrine; but wanting to have their ears tickled, they will accumulate for themselves teachers in accordance to their own desires; and will turn away their ears from the truth, and will turn aside to myths." 2 Timothy 4:3-4This verse was written by Paul almost 2000 years ago to warn the Christians to guard their hearts from false teachings that will arise from among the Church. - "and from among your own selves men will arise, speaking preserve things, to draw away their disciples after them." - Acts 20:30-31As a servant of the Lord, I feel strongly compelled by His Spirit to warn my fellow Christians of the false doctrine being taught by Tim LaHaye.  This man and his partner are being used by Satan himself to decieve millions of Christians across the nation concerning the truth and the end times of this earth, and this is making me sick.  Tell me why Tim LaHaye, who has never studied theological doctrine or mastered the Bible's teachings, has sold millions upon millions of books regarding prophecy.    The verse that I started with clearly tells us why.  If Tim LaHaye really loves God, than he would respect His Holy Word including God's sacred prophecies.  But instead of writing a book strictly on the Holy prophecies of God to bring Him the glory, Tim chooses to envelop God's sacred prophecies with his fictitious novels known as the Left Behind Series.  Now what were his motives for doing this?  To interpret the scriptures correctly, or to sell millions of novels and receive the wealth and fame for himself? For those of you who read his novels, did you desire to truly know what the Bible says concerning prophecies or did you enjoy having your ears "tickled" by his fanciful writing. "but wanting to have their ears tickled, they will accumulate for themselves teachers in accordance to their own desires."In the past year, a man completed devoted to God, has taken up the monumental task of writing a new book to help clear the confusion behind the modern view of Biblical prophecies.  The book is called End Time Delusions by Steve Wohlberg, and unfortunaley, it is directed at refuting many of the false teachings endorsed by the Left Behind novels.  Mr. Wohlberg has been earnestly studying Biblical prophecies for the past 25 years.  Everything he comments on is strongly supported by the scriptures and he encourages every reader to evaluate the Bible before establishing an opinion.  The book is concise (220 pages), but it is jam-packed with years and years of extensive research.May the Lord be with you as you continue to search the scriptures for the truth.  "For the truth will set you free!
Accurate? Maybe, but not literature. When I started reading this book, I thought perhaps it was a cynical attempt to cash in on the success of recent books and movies about the darker side of teenage life (such as the film "Thirteen," which is merely okay but is still a better depiction of that world than this book is). But as I read further, I began to feel sorry for the author--not because of any comparable experiences she may have had (hey, I was a "bad girl" growing up too), but because she simply cannot write. It's obvious that she thinks her style is innovative and daring and even literary, but unfortunately, she has confused the sort of painfully bad short stories that get published in magazines like YM and Seventeen with actual good writing. This is the sort of earnest twaddle that might get an A- in a high school writing class but wouldn't, and shouldn't, pass muster anywhere else. The ending, in particular, is just cringe-worthy--a poorly constructed pastiche of the silliest aspects of "Carrie" and "Buffy the Vampire Slayer," only not nearly as entertaining. Just painfully, comically bad. Readers of all ages should avoid this terrible piece of writing
Ten Steps To Overachieving In Business. Rick Pitino's book on how to overachieve in the business world is nothing that anybody with any common sense hasn't heard before.  The book was written because Pitino is trying to tell his story of his basketball career.  He will make a germane point with the first paragraph at the beginning of the chapter, and then will belabor the simple point into 20 pages.  This is a good book to read, buy you don't need to read the whole thing, you need to read the first few points of the chapter, where Pitino makes his point, and the summary of the main points at the end of the chapter, and you will learn just as much as somebody who read the whole book.  It is a decent piece of literature, but combined with a biography of Pitino's career makes the entire work way to redundant
Slow, Boring. The first Jonathan Kellerman book I've read... And my last.  Too slow.  I'm a big fan of the murder/mystery genre but this one is a big flop
Anna Pigeon is fast becoming a charicature. Take a step back from your revulsion (a healthy human reaction, so I do hope you were revolted...) to the detailed ritualistic torture of animals and children found in Hard Truth, and analyze the character development and plot development of the last 3 or 4 Anna Pigeon books.Anna Pigeon as a person is fast becoming a 1-dimensional charicature of the person we met in the first few books; at the same time the author is digging a Natchez Trace of a rut in plot progression - repackaging over again the crazed killer whose insanity is able to drive him through repeated injury to keep after Anna page after page after page. It's as if an editor has said "the stylized nightmare is hot in the industry these days, so rewrite most of the story to be the 'bogeyman' chasing the heroine who just runs and runs and runs."  I can only hope it's an editor saying that, and not a personal problem of the author's.If one separated the pages of character development from the pages of "insanity-driven bogeyman keeps coming toward Anna" in any recent Nevada Barr book, would there be much more than a short story
One of the worst books I have ever read. I have been doing a lot of research into the Da Vinci Code, so I though I would pick up a copy of Templar Revelation, since that was one of Dan Brown's main sources. Little did I know that I had stumbled upon one of the worst books I will probably ever read in my entire life. I'm not even sure where to begin describing how frustrating it was to read this book. This is the most biased book that I can ever remember reading. No matter what the data is, the authors make it fit their theory.Towards the beginning I came across a paragraph that sets the tone for the whole book: "So, to begin our story proper we have to return to Leonardo's Last Supper and look at it with new eyes. This is not the time to view it in the context of familiar art-historical assumptions. This is the moment when it is appropriate to see it as a complete new comer" (p. 19-20). And yes, the authors stick with this theme through the whole book: ignore hisorical research and look at everything out of context. You can see how much they like historical research by examining their bibliography. It contains almost no actual historical documents (other than the Bible and the Gnostic Gospels, which are both always cited out of context to distort the meaning), nor does it contain any research volumes done by professional historians. Almost EVERY citation in the book is from other conspiracy theorists, and most of these citations are straight from Holy Blood and Holy Grail, which is not exactly known for being a very accurate historical book (I do not know of one single historian who would even dream of citing it as an authority on a subject). They simply cites other conspiracy theorists who can hardly be treated as authorities in historical reasearch. They also like to cite their previous book, which is hardly convincing if they have no source to cite for supossed historical events other than their own previous book which says it happened.On the topic of citations, I find it very telling that the authors make all kinds of historical claims without citing a source. They will say something like "historians agree that..." and then not cite anything, and most of the time when they do this I cannot immagine that any real historians would actually agree with whatever was just said. Further, for a good number of their claims they simply cite private conversations with people, which of course no one can verify. Many of their major theories come from a man whom they do not even know who met them one day on the street and claimed to be a member of the Priory of Sion and filled them in on all of the secrets of the Priory. It's too bad this guy never talked to anyone else and no one has any way of verifying that he even exists.Also, the authors BLATANTLY skim over problems with their theory and continue in spite of something being proven wrong. The authors ACKNOWLEDGE that the Dassiers Secrets papers (the ones with the list of the Masters of the Priory of Sion as well as a lot of other information about them, including their links to the Meringovian French line of Kings) were a HOAX. The current Master of the Priory (as listed in the papers) admitted to planting the papers to be discovered and admitted that he was on LSD when he wrote them. A search was done on his home and forged papers were found declaring him to be the King of France. So, the authors of this book admit that those papers were a hoax, yet the continue to use them as a main source for their theories througout the rest of the book!!! They use them as evidence about the Priory of Sion, and BASE their conspiracies on them, despite admitting that they are fraudulant! Their blatant use of admittedly faked papers as a major source of their ideas is beyond rediculous. Don't worry though, the authors have the problem solved: if we think about it differently the problem goes away! "One dubious connection or apparent contradiction concerning the Priory's activities invariable leads skeptics to denounce the entire theory as errant nonsense from beginning to end. But it must be remembered that we are dealing with Myth Makers, who are often more concerned with conveying powerful and even shocking ideas through the use of archetypal images than with communicating the literal truth." (p. 41). Well, that certanly solves the problem doesn't it?Another example: the authors note a mysterious connection between the number of Mary Magdalene sites and the number of John the Baptist churches in southern France. They the note that, "of course the prevelance of building dedicated to John may easily be explained by the fact that the Knights Hospitaler... have always particularly venerated him and they have a strong presence in the area." The authors then proceed to make up theories about it ANYWAY, even though they just explained the reason for it. They spend the rest of the chapter (a good number of pages) trying to figure out just why it is that this connection is there. Rediculous.Perhaps the most frustrating aspect of the whole book, however, are the GIANT leaps in logic found all throughout the book. For example- The authors note that some of the Cathars were protected by the Knights Templar (she fails to mention that that was because they were the Templar's customers), so the logical conclusion drawn from this is... the Templars were obviosuly Magdalene worshiping heretics!-"Chartes Cathedral... contains a stone carving of what appears to be the Virgin Mary, with the carved 'label': arcis foederis - Ark of the Covenant.  In itself this is not very significant, for it was a standard Christian symbol in medieval times.  But as Chartes was a centre of the Black Madonna cult [note that the authors give no referrence for this claim], is the Ark being equated with that other Mary, the Magdalen, or even with a much older, pagan goddess?  Perhaps it is the Feminie principle itself that is being evoked, using the 'cover' of the Marian symbol." (p. 113).  Impressive stuff, huh?Then there's the amazing places where the authors contradict themelves, like when the authors explain that Jesus did not really die and that someone dies in his place. A few pages later, they start explaining that Mary Magdalene was the first to see the post-crucified Jesus and they discuss the significance of that.As you can see, these authors have already decided that the conspiracy exists, then they try to make all of the facts fit their theory.  It results in many, many logical leaps and contradictions.  The authors literally see Magdalene behind every reference to or image of the Virgin Mary if it is made by a person they have decided must be in on the "Magdalene Secret."  They find hidden meanings in things which were not meant to have hidden meanings.  They could literally look at a pattern on a carpet and somehow find that the Priory of Sion was trying to communicate a deep truth to them through the carpet's design.  And then they would cite themselves as a source to back their interpretation up.In conclusion, I do not recommend this book at all, unless you enjoy reading illogical conspiracy theories, because that is all that this book contains.  Take a look at the authors' other books and you'll see that they are simply people willing to buy into conspiracy theories.  The book that they wrote together after this one was entitled "The Stargate Conspiracy: The Truth about Extraterrestrial life and the Mysteries of Ancient Egypt."  It described how the Egyptian pyramids were built by space aliens.  Their claim at the end of this book:  John the Baptist was the real Messiah.  Do yourself a favor and read a book more worth your time, because this one doesn't deserve any of it.Overall grade:
Waffen-SS Encyclopedia. Not expect from this book an "encyclopedia", is more an "aproximation" to the Waffen-SS world. If you don't look for a detail information it may help you to know units, history, and the flow and ebbs of some personalities and units. A book for beguinners
Too Much Talking. The author of this book just can't shut his mouth! He babbles on and on about all kinds of nonsense, because he doesn't know how to bring the material clearly, concisely, and in logical order. Don't get me wrong: it's pretty good textbook, and relatively rigorous too. It's just that this book is smiply too long. If Mr Ghahramani wants to illustrate concepts with an endless stream of babble and examples, at least give some sort of overview at the end of paragraphs. Don't burden the reader with the task of seperating what is important from what is meant more as an illustration in case you didn't understand the theoretical concepts.What's perhaps even more irritating, though, is the absense of a study aid with answers. This makes it virtually impossible to use it for self-study. There are (ironically) very concise answers to the odd-numbered questions at the end, but I prefer to check my answers immediately and learn from any mistakes I may have made.I may have fired away a bit too strongly at the beginning. Instructors might even be delighted by this book; its division of questions into easy and difficult is also useful. However, I'd scout the market a little more closely before using "Fundamentals of Probability" in a course.NOTE: I MEANT TO GIVE THIS PRODUCT 2.5 (OR 3) STARS, BUT I CAN'T CHANGE THE ONE STAR SHOWN FOR SOME REASO
How did this end up on my reading list for an advanced divinity degree?. I only read this book because it was on such a list - and in London. I found it very disappointing.Apparently, the author was attempting to use segments from the Hebrew scriptures as a takeoff point for US evangelical preachers, who see their time and place as one hostile to the gospels. I would be the first to see capitalism as possible idolatry, but frankly the book has no scholarly value because the connection of ancient Israelites with America is forced and contrived.I was specifically referencing the book in relation to Deutero-Isaiah. The treatment of the aftermath of the Babylonian exile was a brief sketch, with far less insight or stimulation than scholarly works I have consulted. It included a few basic considerations, then on to application to modern America. The author well may have a strong background in exegesis, but here the Old Testament is merely a peg to show a perceived hostility in American culture.I cannot see this book as valuable except, perhaps, to US preachers from non liturgical traditions
I love books and this one is just bad... Boring, outdated ex-patriate story of life in Paris between the wars, focusing on a young American actress, a psychologist Dr. Diver and his wife, an American baroness with issues.  Lots of drinking and gossip
involving in a potboiler sort of way, but not 'surrealism'. rikki ducornet shouldn't be mentioned in the same sentence as hp lovecraft or bruno schulz, and certainly not with any of the surrealists. her work is ridiculously self indulgent, trashy, self consciously politically correct, whimsical, and ultimately lacking in real merit. you'll probably get interested in the story, but it's the same kind of interested you get when reading tom clancy or some other ephemeral, pulp writer. this is the literary equivalent of watching television, and amounts to what i might call 'commodified counterculture'. ducornet loves preaching against racism, which would be fine up to a point, but every other page she's having one of her flimsy, cardboard characters go off on some tirade about how awful those racists are, and how bad what they do is, ho hum ho hum!! Racism is indeed despicable and absurd, but it seems at times that ducornet is forming her own kind of racism, an anti racism racism. her books are reactionary and they try too hard to be what everyone wants. it's like having someone jump up and down with a flag saying, &quot;look! i'm a surrealist! isn't this just like surrealism?&quot; i doubt that breton, artaud, desnos would consider rikki ducornet anything but a dogmatic groupie, spouting their slogans and trying ever so hard to be one of them, but failing miserably. this one is particularly absurd and centers around an elderly man who slipped into a coma and regains consciousness when he is 70 or older and, big surprise, the revolutionary doctor who woke him is constantly harassed and pursued by the Third Reich!! i agree theoretically with her liberalism, but she just doesn't do it right. i'm perfectly capable of enjoying the work of a poser, and have many authors i enjoy and even revere who are less than original and who are indeed mere echoes of the authors and artists they plagiarize, but ducornet cannot even strike a pose well andit comes off so clumsy and contrived that it is hilariously bad. this woman should be writing scripts for lifetime television movies or collaborating with danielle steele on her next travesty. if you want to lose yourself in a few pleasant little castles in the air, by all means, pick up something by her right away.if you want real surrealism, buy something by rene crevel, artaud, whatever
Charts, charts, charts...but what's up?. This book talks about statistical approach to horse racing by evaluating the frequency and return of each type of bets.  However, the explanations of those statistical findings are not enough.  I believe if the statistical finding tells you something, we should still need to understand the rationale behind and why statistical finding comes out like this.The second half of this book is all charts in resepct of findings from different race tracks in the US, which however need readers to digest and evaluate what's inside.  There is even no explanation of why the charts look in this way.  In other words, half of this book only contains a presentation of data without really goes deep to analyse what's happening.  This book is not good enough.
US already a 1 Party State : Republicratic. I tried following the reasoning (what of this precious commodity there was) here, but can only agree with Mr. Steven Tooley: Left-turners already dominate much of society so who does this book think it's enlightening? It's like the Left Wing doesn't know what the Left Wing is doing.An objective observer can plainly see America moving to a more polarized condition of Redness vs. Blueness. But all the while Redness has a lot of Blueness around the edges and Blueness some Redness.Yes there are the core Bluers and core Redders, but overall, the nation is becoming more homogeneous: Republicratic or Demopublican. Just recall the recent conventions and what each candidate is promising voters to get elected. Sometimes the Redness fella sounds downright Bluish, while Mr. Blueness can wield Reddish rhetoric to appeal to the edges of his dominant color scheme.In the end this book is not helpful in labeling the GOP as the bad guy or off-color. America is not just Banana-republican, but equally Bananas-democrat. Main point missed with this one-sided Politiconcoction: it all comes from the same Banana plant
Not on par with Hurstons other works. One of the reviewers below stated that admirers of Hurston "won't be disappointed" by this book. I beg to differ: I've read pretty much everything Hurston has written, and I think she is without a doubt one of the best American (and perhaps world) writers of the twentieth century. But "Seraph" was a great disappointment. Hurston simply overreached with this one. By the time I had finished reading it, I found myself wondering what the point of this book was. The story follows the marriage of a Florida couple over several decades. The husband is ambitious and forceful, yet also arrogant and sometimes violent, while the wife is timid and (overly) sensitive. Told from the wife's point of view, the problem with the story is that it essentially goes from a more or less realistic give-and-take between the two to an account of how she tries to prove herself worthy of her husband (there is little in the way of growth on his part by the way, e.g. he never expresses any regret for having acted like a brute during the early years of their marriage). Thus, "Seraph on the Suwanee" basically reads like a romance novel. It's true that anthropologist Hurston provides some interesting details into the lives of the "Florida crackers" (i.e. poor southern whites) in the early 20th century, but this is hardly enough to compensate for the novel's weaknesses. It's hard to believe that the literary genius who wrote "Their Eyes Were Watching God" (among other excellent books) could produce such a lackluster wor
The Shoddiness Continues..... Shoddy. Cheap. Glue-bound. Spine-cracking.Short ribbon marker. Junk. But, inside this inferior piece of work lies one of the finest English translations of the last fifty years. However!! Customers be aware!: In Summer, 2005, I, and many others, received an e-mail asking for suggestions for changes, because the English Standard Version Translation Committee is now working on a revision already!!!! It will probably be out in 2007. Everything is pretty hush-hush. The egalitarian folks on a few websites are probably pushing for more inclusive language. So, maybe purchasing ANY ESV should wait until the revision appears. Back to this edition. The print is fairly large(12.75),a better font could have been chosen, and could be darker. The ribbon marker barely extends beyond the bottom page. The spine cracks easily in front and back(already sent one back to Crossway for this). It has book intros and a fairly concise Concordance. Most Crossway Bibles are garbage.HEY CROSSWAY!!  If you can't make a decent Bible, give the rights to folks who can and will!!!  As for me, I love the ESV, but I'm using real quality editions from Foundations Publications who do the NASB
UGH!. I'm a big Nora fan, but I couldn't even finish this one. By the fourth chapter I began to skim. WAY WAY WAY to much detail for me. Which made it boring and slow. Testing and corrosion, is it fake, is it real ...blah blah blah. ENOUGH! I did however enjoy the side story about the brother (I forget his name). But thats it folks. Unlike ALL the other reviewers, I hated it. I say PASS on this one. But as you can see, I'm in the minority
A custard pie of a book with a few rocks in it. As a biographer, Simon Louvish is a great novelist.  I mean, how else would you draw a conclusion that someone is gay because they never married and took care of their mother until they died?  Of course (dopey me!)-they must be gay!Horse puckey.Louvish's main claim in this extremely derivative and clunky biography is that Mack Sennett was either closeted or a very quiet gay man.  What is his proof?  The answer is below:Zilch.  Nada.  Nothing.  Zero.  Big bagel.There is no proof given in this book for this hypothesis, and except for some veiled clues, there is nothing anecdotal, nothing supported by documents published or unpublished, and nothing that appears in some musty forgotten legal file.  Louvish just throws this out there with nothing to back it up-the worst form of research and writing.  For that alone, this book deserves to perpetually be in thrift store shelves and yard sales.  Added to that, the things he does have correct have been presented in better books in better ways.  Even Sennett's own autobiography (KING OF COMEDY) for all its faults of accuracy and syntax does a better job than this thing, and you can get more entertainment (and primary sources) from Gene Fowler's FATHER GOOSE than this claptrap.Check out Kalton C. LaHue's KOPS AND KUSTARDS, Walter Kerr's THE SILENT CLOWNS and any books by Kevin Brownlow or William K. Everson and you will get better writing and more facts in one paragraph than you get in this entire tome.Forget it.  Feh
Only for suckers. Who would read all these reviews, and then actually buy this book? This book is an unfair attempt at pandering to the doddling whims of a major portion of our population...the suckers...of which I am obviously one, because I did read the stupid book! It took me almost a year to get through it - one half paragraph at a time before I would fall asleep each night. If it wasn't for Jordan, I'd have a hard time going to sleep at all. It doesn't even deserve 1 star
Left Dangling. Anil is plastic - if she has any sensitivity or cultural ties to her birth country, they are hidden.  As someone born & raised in Sri Lanka, I felt the situation could have been explained MORE for the rest of the world.  And SUDDENLY this plastic Anil, who has shown no feelings, no emotion (not even surprise) stands up in front of military men and a panel claiming "YOU are killing us!" - us?  And where does this emotion come from.  No-one is even sure WHY Sailor is dead - was it accidental and meant for another, was he killed by JVP for refusing to go on strike?  Why was a gem-miner killed by the death squads? - nothing was explained.  Even the ending - did Sarath & Gamini just die - was it a dream?  Was it all just a sea bath in the Indian Ocean at Mt. Lavinia?
Frankly, my dears, I didn't  give a damn!. This was a horrid sequel; trite and uneven plot throughout.I cared nothing of the characters, nor their actions as I plodded through this tome. Surely it MUST get better. Shame on me wasting my time on this. IT did not get better. No moonlight. No magnolias. No hint of a viable story. Why did this book ever come to fruition? I assume it ws merely a commercial venture.I am at a loss of words to even describe how this would/could/should be a ,"sequel to Gone With the Wind."Margaret Mitchell would be turning over in her grave.
no Jane Austen... I read the book based on reader recommendations that equated 'Belinda' with Jane Austen's work. I had high expectations but struggled to read the book to the end. I found the writing at certain points more like an essay than a novel. Her character development seems forced, and there is little ambient description. Those interested in tracing literary associations of Jane Austen should probably read the book, but if you've read all of Austen's work and are desperately looking for something 'similar' to her style and quality, I would recommend you look elsewhere
Not typical style. I have heard many speak highly of the book, but I just don't get it. There is passion in his style and his delivery encouraging teachers to maintain integrity, to stay true to themselves, and so forth. I guess that I lose interest due to the verbose language used. There are many aspects to teaching, and it is a lot of work; I am not equating this aspect to success or failure for connection with the students. As I said, many that I have spoken to enjoy it... I don't
Perplexing.. &quot;How Few Remain&quot; started this off, sort of, and was better than anything here. In this series, Turtledove does some things right, some wrong. But I confess I am largely weary of his limited technique. This series is much better at alternate history than things like his WorldWar series with aliens. There is actually a feel here for how things might've gone had X happened. But Turtledove always writes in these jagged snippets. His only technique seems to be to tell 20 different stories at once, each in 3-6 page slices. After awhile, this can become tedious, especially if many of the characters are less than compelling, as here. Plus, the momentum of each saga is too often halted. Further,  the sense of a  &quot;whole&quot; is constantly lost. There are no grand moments or strategies. It is perplexing how major characters like Theodore Roosevelt drift into minor roles. TR could've been the central focal point from which to tell the story, to make it all make sense. Ultimately, Turtledove's trite technique renders this too episodic, too disconnected. You care less and less as it wears on. The minor characters do not serve the whole--they become it. That is not always a good thing, yet every Turtledove book seems to turn out this way. There ARE other ways to tell a story...
Unfortunately boring. I'm a very spiritual person and I was expecting this CD to provide daily inspiration and help me to remember the very few things that are important in life.  Unfortunately, for me at least, the CD is rather boring and not very inspirational.  I'm about 30 minutes in to it and have decided to stop listening to it.  Fortunately I have a Christian radio station that does a lot more for me.
painfully contrived. I don't usually do fiction, but have picked up a few excellent reads in that category. This isn't one of the best. For those who prefer nonfiction, and who are seeking a concept of god they can live with in good concscience, check out God Without Relgion by Sankara Saranam.
Audio CD review: His prose is annoying when spoken aloud. You get your money's worth here--there are a ton of CDs in this audio book. Unfortunately, I found Bryson's prose (which I enjoyed a lot when reading silently, as I have done with his other books) to be greatly irritating when spoken aloud. To me, he sounds kind of 'affected' in parts, and sometimes there is a sort of "moist" sound when he pronounces words. Hard to describe until you hear the CD, but trust me on this one. I think a lot of the positive reviews on here are for the book, and not the CD. I would stick with the written word on this one.
Loosen your belts. It seems all they do in this book is cook and eat! This is the second only book I've read by this authour.   I could care less about the receipes, I'm not going to try any of them.  And those women that had nothing better to do with their time and husband's money than shop, shop, shop for so much stuff they had to rent additional storage places.   I did enjoy the description of the scenery in the Aspen area, but that was about the only redeeming aspect of this story.  Talk about spoiled kids and pampered wives, I'm glad I don't know any of them.  I'll move on to others than can really keep me interested in their mysteries
Terrible. Terrible. Chose some random girl -why? Kids are more advanced at this age if they are interested. Nothing special. Like to see a book on a true young talent early on
Could have been much more. I don't want to slam Mr. DeFord. He's obviously a very gifted writer and has made his career. But I was very disappointed in this book. I can only say that I feel a deep connection with both Mathewson and McGraw that this book did not satisfy. It basically reads like what it is - an expanded magazine article with lots of useless color thrown in and nothing substantive about Christy Mathewson or John McGraw that I haven't read any other place. I was hoping for some flesh and blood instead of a bunch of second or third-hand recollections. These men led hard lives with dignity and rage, honor and humiliation, and those vivid tones are only hinted at here. And DeFord's style is too-clever-by-half, enamored with his word play and forgetting to give me the meat. A lesser writer could have done this without injecting so much of his precious infatuation with the quaint language of turn of the century America. As I said, nothing against Mr. DeFord. I guess I was hoping for a deeper, different book.
A bit disapointed.. I was really looking forward to this book when I ordered it. It seemed like an interesting peice of litreture. However, I found the writing in it really childish, and I also found myself trying to decipher the odd spellings and grammar in the book.At the end of the book, I was left wondering what the moral, lesson, or message was. The only thing I really picked up was that it was "okay to be gay", and even that theme didn't shine through strongly.I really felt this book lacked conclusion, as well as a theme.Though, I do not doubt that this book is fairly true to life...
Misleading. The book has a nice bibliography and is useful for looking up sources for research. However, anyone reading this as an introduction to Minoan civilization will me mislead on several key points. 1. The author refers to the Minoan "palaces" throughout as "temples". This is confusing to the reader. Granted, Minoan "palaces" were much more complex buildings with many functions than this accepted scholarly term implies. But simply changing the term doesn't help anything.2. The author discounts the well accepted idea that the Mycenaeans ever ruled at Knossos. The period of Mycenaean sovreignty is treated as a continuation of Minoan civilization with no break. Most people of Crete were the same and went on living as they had been in Minoan times. But the ruling class changed, as evidenced by the change in administration language at Knossos. The author makes no mention of the change and in fact uses the Linear B tablets from Knossos and even Pylos(!) as evidence for Minoan social institutions.3. The author displays a real lack of understanding about Minoan religious life. Strange considering how many buildings he refers to as "temples". For those interested, see Nanno Marinatos' "Minoan Religion".The book makes an interesting read as an overview or for light reading, but shouldn't be taken too seriously
Mostly Useless. The series started off so well, it's sad to see it end so badly. This book is just a collection of random events, there really isn't a plot. None of the questions raised throughout the series are answered.The first book was great, I wish I had stopped there.
Not very interesting... Like the reader from Walnut Creek says, this book is essentially a weight training book, and frankly, not a very interesting, thorough, or original one.  I was sorely disappointed.  There was really no information that hasn't already been published a hundred times before in a hundred other similar books and magazines.  Nothing cutting edge or inspiring or anything that makes you stop and think, wow, now that's a good idea, I can't wait to try that.  I've enjoyed some of Staley's writings in the magazines and on his website, but this was just a real let down
poetry in Riis' How he oher half Lives. How the Other Half Lives was written over a century ago as an expose' of the appalling living conditions in the tenements of New York City. The author speaks with a crusader's zeal and with so much detail that the reader can visualize these tenements, these streets, and these people as if they were living today. This is a grim and moving portrayal of the lives of the men, the women and the children that inhabit these loathsome neighborhoods of New York City in the late 1800s.  He so graphically describes the filth, the sunless and airless rooms, the crowding, and the starvation that these places palpably exist for the reader and bring a chill to any heart.  Riis has a genuine concern for the tenement situation and understands these people's plight. His pictures are touching and meant to vividly show their misery. He, for the most part, blames the money-hungry landlords for these crowded conditions: "How shall the love of God be understood by those who have been nurtured in sight only of the greed of man." (p. 266). He laments that the tenement is three quarters responsible for the misery of the poor. Then, after his extensive discourse, he offers three concrete cures for these dreadful conditions, something that many authors forget when they are enlightening readers.Riis states his purpose for writing this book himself on page 297 when he says, "If this book shall have borne ever so feeble a hand in garnering a harvest of justice, it has served its purpose." The author apparently succeeded with his purpose, because in the flyleaf of this book the publisher tells us: "This book helped bring about new revisions in the housing codes of the major U. S. cities."How does this book relate to adult education? By moving chronologically from the founding of America to the slums of NYC in the 1800s, are we to understand that education took a back seat to the accumulation of money during those hundred years? Certainly Riis posits that education is one of the solutions to this problem while at the same time implying that wealth accumulation and the lack of education has been the cause of this problem.  "Thus the whole matter resolves itself once more into a question of education, all the more urgent because these people are poor, miserably poor almost to a man." (p. 147). He does not forget that this "education" is not only for the poor people, but also for the wealthy landlords. "Clearly, it is a matter of education on the part of the landlord no less than the tenant." (p. 270). Riis' almost missionary language exhorts us to never allow greed to override a compassion for humanity.  "It is a fight in which eternal vigilance is truly the price of liberty and the preservation of society." (p. 233). The relation of this book to the other units of study in this course could be explained as an example of how low mankind can descend if education is not considered one of the major cornerstones of a society.Although this book was exhaustive in its detail, it was easy to read while at the same time enlightening. I found myself enjoying the ranting tone and the fascinating lists of neighborhoods and the labels that Riis used for the different races. In a sense it reads like a Ginsberg poem; constantly hitting the reader with melodious lists of places and people from another era. Read these geographic names out loud and feel their rhythm:Jewtown, Bandit's Roost, Double Alley, The Bowery, The Bloody Sixth Ward, The Fourth, Fifth and Tenth Wards,  Blindman's Alley, The Bend, The Battery, Little Italy, The French Quarter, Hell's Kitchen, The West Side, Bottle Alley, Frog Hollow, Poverty Gap, Murderer's Alley, Gotham Court, The Old Brewery, Old Africa, Potter's Field, Blackwell's Island Asylum, Rogues' Gallery, Penitentiary Row, Chinatown. The list goes on. To someone reared in rural America, this chant sounds like a song about another country.Riis also has something to say about all the races of people that live in the tenements of New York City:Chinaman (he can't be taught), (Chinese (coolie--laundry business), Polish Jew (coops himself up in his den with his thermometer at boiling), Russian Jew, Jew (money is their God), Bohemian (poor, but thrifty), Blacks (like to gamble, but they are clean), Greek, Hebrews (tailors, all of them), Dutchman, Irish (like to drink and have expensive funerals), German (order loving), Swiss, Pasquales, Russian, Italian (a born gambler; lighthearted and gay), Swamp Angel (thieves), Street Arabs (army of homeless boys), Tramps and Toughs (the world owes them a living),and the Celtics. I was enthralled by the street lingo and the colloquialisms and Riis' comments about every race.I noticed one interesting similarity between the late 1800s and the present day. Riis says that the gap between the social classes is widening everyday. I hear people talking about the growing differences between the rich and the poor often these days. Does every generation think that is happening in their time?Not only should this book be used by people researching New York City`s tenements, but it should also be read by everyone seeking a blueprint for social change. It is a reminder to show us how hopeless the human circumstances can become when man's greed overrides his concern for human dignity.
Ego Visible. I had high hopes when I picked up this book because Styron is a terrific writer and I was interested in the subject. By the time I was done I nearly threw it across the room. Admittedly, Depression makes for a tough topic, but that's not good enough.There's more to Depression than staring at an empty page, unable to muster the courage to write one single word. The dark places of the soul also have their fires, their drama, even if they are played out in secret.I will grant that the writing is spare and elegant, as you would expect. But I would have traded all the insider literati name-dropping for one paragraph that gave me a visceral sense of how he felt, something that put me there with him. I have read instruction manuals for appliances with more passion and conviction.Styron is candid about his descent into alcoholism, but the self-destruction inherent in alcoholism does not imply the elimination of ego, frequently it heralds the triumph of ego. In Darkness Visible, Styron maintains egomaniacal control of his subject through aloof detachment, showcasing a carefully polished veneer, never inviting the reader in.
Great Big Book... Not Great Book. Democracy, for Sean Wilentz in The Rise of American Democracy, is solely a question of politics. This is, after all, an explicitly political history of the early republic and, in his discussion of how revolutionary Republicanism evolved into a popular, though imperfect, democracy, Wilentz is concerned with democracy in specifically political terms. While this gives the book an admirable focus, he somehow manages, in almost 1000 pages, to tell only part of the story. What Wilentz succeeds in doing is writing a heavy, old-fashioned book driven by an odd teleological sense of American exceptionalism.Significantly, The Rise of American Democracy is a political history focused almost exclusively on the great political leaders of the early republic. Although Wilentz devotes some time to discussions of popular political movements like the anti-Masonic party and the Workingmen's parties of the eastern port cities, their role is as a catalyst for the emergence of party politics. The political motivations of their leaders and militants are relevant to the extent that they influenced the development of Jacksonian Democracy, but Wilentz is not particularly interested in what democracy meant to the Workie rank-and-file.This is a particularly odd omission, given the populism of the Jacksonian ideology. Indeed, the Jackson Democrats positioned themselves as the party of the working man and the yeoman farmer, and defined their program in clear opposition to perceived revenant Federalist commercial aristocracy, particularly in regards to the Second Bank of the United States and trade policy. The economic crises of 1819 and 1837 are political issues, ushering in, respectively, an "Era of Bad Feelings" and the decline of Federalism, and a crisis in Jacksonian Democracy and the rise of the Whig opposition. What these crises meant in social terms to the working people and farmers in social and cultural terms, Wilentz doesn't say.To be fair, that's mostly because he is interested in American democracy in political, and not economic terms, and from a national perspective. Social issues and local, class-based agitation, while significant as an influence on Jacksonian ideology and strategy, is a small part of his story. The central tension in The Rise of American Democracy has to do with balancing local and sectional interests and grievances with an emergent democratic nationalism. Consequently, the central drama in this section of the book revolves around the conflict between Andrew Jackson, and his national vision, and John C. Calhoun's evolving sectionalism.Not surprisingly, Jackson is the towering figure in this section of Wilentz's book, and it is in his presidency that the author locates both the democratization of the American republic and the source of most of the political currents and issues that would define American politics throughout the 19th century. Indeed, Wilentz does nothing to conceal his sympathies and admiration for Jackson. He is inclined to forgive Jackson's Indian policies as being motivated, essentially, by good intentions, and he mostly ignores the fact that he was a slave owner and a defender of slavery. While dismissing earlier historians' contentions that the Jackson's policies were inconsistent and that he "trapped himself in some large contradictions," Wilentz argues that the president pursued a consistent, though not always successful program of nation-building: "In fact, Jackson, drawing on long-established beliefs, carved out a coherent and principled democratic nationalism on basic constitutional issues." (382)For Wilentz, by the 1830s, democracy was "ascendant," and even the most aristocratic Federalists had begun to see it as a necessary evil. Universal white male suffrage was almost universal - with the notable exception of Virginia - and there was a general agreement that government was a manifestation of popular sovereignty. The sticky issue in the dispute between Calhoun and Jackson was whether that sovereignty was manifested by the state or the nation as a whole. Significantly, though Jackson successfully quashed the nullification crisis and the state interests were accommodated to national interests through measures like the Missouri Compromise, it was a tenuous modus vivendi at best.Indeed, the politics of the early republic were very much a question of imperfectly accommodating southern sectionalism within emerging national parties. Both the Democrats and the Whigs sought to bridge sectional differences while seeking broad popular support for increasingly divergent political programs. The failure of the Jacksonian Democrats, in fact, to maintain themselves as "the party of popular sovereignty" (515) against the rise of a trans-sectional Whiggism was very much an inability to understand how complex ideas of popular sovereignty had become.The Rise of American Democracy is very much a history of the minute details of American politics in the period, from the Eaton affair to the shifting and evolving political philosophies of Jackson, Calhoun, Daniel Webster and Henry Clay. The problem is that the book is so concerned with the details that Wilentz sometimes loses the bigger picture. For example, slavery and its expansion is a significant issue throughout the period, and Wilentz devotes a considerable about of space to abolitionist agitation and the tensions the issue produced in national politics. But though he connects the political issue of slavery to the political issue of states' rights and the fortunes of the nascent political parties, he fails to situate it as a significant social issue with deep contradictions with American democracy.Ultimately, this is a "great" book only in the sense of its physical heft
OH! MY! GOD!. The arguments,  reasoning and logic used in this book are so horribly bad that it scares me that the men who wrote live in the same world as me! The bottom line reasoning of this book is that God is real and perfect and that the Bible is his real and prefect word. The end all proof, the world exists, we exist, the bible exists, if God did not exist how could these things exist. And how do we know that the Bible is the real and perfect word of God, because God told the people who he had write it ,say so in it, so we would know it came from him................. Hey, I'm not kidding, here's an example, how can we know that evolution is false, in the bible Adam can speak, talk to God, and names all the animals, proving that he was not an  "ignorant half-ape", proving that man did not evolve, proving that evolution is false. TA DA!  How do we know that evolution is false, because the bible says so, how do we know whats in the bible is true, because God does not lie, how do we know that God does not lie, because the bible says so...... and round and round it goes.For the Theist, this is just a very, very, long winded faith statement,  if you already have faith then don't waste your time and money on this. Of course if you reading this then you must feel that you are lacking in something, like a rational explanation for your faith, if you find it here then it is amazing that you had the capacity to reason that you were missing it in the first place.For the Atheist, this is a must have for a few reasons, 1) As an Atheist your making a choice (Vs faith), that choice should be based on all the best available information 2) If this is the best case the Theist can make then you are fully justified in your belief. 3) And as a bonus you get to remove from the table the hypocritical Theist claim that if you would only listen to what they had to say you would see the light.Final word, if the arguments made in this book make since to you, well, then, I'm sorry to say, your stupid. How do you know your stupid, because this review says so, how do you know whats in this review is true, because the reviewer says it is, how do you know that what the reviewer says is true, because the reviewer wouldn't put it in the review if it wasn't.  TA DA!
Lacks depth. &quot;When Calls the Heart&quot; had absolutely no depth whatsoever.  The character's were one dimensional and predictable.  But, thankfully, there was hardly any religious preaching, which I was thankful for.  The chapters were very short, and were written as if they were from a child, with no meaning.  And, as always, the ending came up so quickly, and ends so abruptly.  If you're looking for a mindless read, then this is for you.  If not, then I do not recommend
Holy Roman Empire, not explained. I recently read The Thirty Years' War 1618-1648, hoping to gain some insight into the Holy Roman Empire by reading about one of its turning points. Well, I was left rather disappointed. A short book, it does little to set the scene--clearer explanations of the structure of the empire would have been good, as I was left very much in the dark as to who Electors were, and what the political structure of the Empire was, and what the rules of succession were, for instance. Maps were the most part absent as well, and they would have been very helpful to trace the course of the war, the movement of troops, etc. The Thirty Years' War is a civil war in the Empire, in which foreign powers intervened, and warred with each other as well...yet the explanations of what these foreign powers did against each other outside of the Empire is somewhat lacking.So, I'm still left scratching my head as to the structure of the Holy Roman Empire, to some extent. The book did not fulfill the role I had hoped it to play. It certainly did explain to some extent the consequences of the war to the Empire, so I did learn something, but not as much as I'd hoped. I would advise caution before picking this book up
Not too bad, but waaaay too gross. This book is a decent story that reads fairly well, but the four most important words I can include in this review are "graphically depicted zebra sex."  Yes, you read that right, and yes, it is in the book
One sided, nationalistic story - avoid if you care about history. Here's the news:less than half the forces on the allied side on D Day were from the  U.S. Would you guess that from reading Ambrose's book? - nope. The vast bulk of the volume is devoted to the U.S. experience. It seems Ambrose thinks the British, Canadians etc were just there to make up the numbers.It's just not acceptable for a historian to devote the bulk of what purports to be an account of that day to one national contingent and then call it 'D Day' . To perpetrate that is petty and appallingly parochial.  Worse: it's offensive to the memories of ALL those who fought and died for democracy. The American sacrifice was real and  doesn't need this sort of thing to keep its memory green.  Robin Neillands and John Keegan have both written much better, fairer accounts.If Ambrose had called the book 'the American contribution to D-Day' no one could have complained. As it is, it has no claim to our serious consideration as history.
I should have watched the movie. I had to read this book for school. I thought I would love it, but it turns out I was WRONG. This book was mind numbing. It is drawn out and boring. I almost threw the book away and rented the movie. I should have. This books sucks. Don't waste your time reading it
William Strunk rolls over in his grave. OK. I may not consistently turn out elegant prose myself, but there is a line. This book has crossed it. Opening the book at random:page 64: "And me and Sheldon and May...." "...too bad for me. On account of May sailed way too speedy."page 65: "I couldn't even stay in my seat that good."I understand that some authors phrase dialogue to convey dialect, et cetera. However, the audience for this book is kids who are still learning how to both speak and read the language. Learning awful grammar will not help them succeed.
Not So Guilty Pleasure. A Feminist Examination Of Mae West, November 24, 2006Pamela Robertson's "Guilty Pleasures: Feminist Camp From Mae To Madonna," published in 1996 is  a university press publication that examines Mae West's contributions to the Feminist Movement and evaluates her role as a female icon of the twentieth century. This treatment of West is a typical academic text with some research of textual sources, but with little or no interviews and featuring theory that is hit or miss.When Mae West was asked why she never wrote an article supporting the Feminist Movement she reportably drawled, "They never asked me."
Don't waste your time!. Don't waste your time or money on this book.  It was about as interesting as watching paint dry!  Maybe Danielle Steel should take a break from writing if this is all she can churn out
This is what happens when someone reaches beyond their capacity. I think the Linda Howard who wrote White Lies, Sarah's Child, Duncan's Bride, MacKenzies Mountain, Diamond Bay,etc. is one of the most talented current romance writers.Unfortunately, when she gave up the genre romances and turned to the "big Time", her writing started to decline. She is clearly in over her head now.  What a shame she couldn't stick to a format in which she excelled and warmed the hearts of millions of readers.This just goes to show that one should figure out where one excels and stick to it. This is pure "Peter Principle" in action.Too bad
A Triumph of Hope over Evidence. I bought this book because the authors are very interesting and unusual people.  Ray Kurzweil is one of few genuine geniuses of modern technology, and Dr. Grossman seems a very engaged and knowledgeable physician with a prevention-based practise, which I applaud.It quickly became evident that Ray Kurzweil has a major impetus towards this topic of life extension because of a family history of disease and early death- but, hey, he's not that different from any of us.  I myself am a boomer who would really like to find some ways to live as long and healthily as possible, and I'm sure the audience of similar boomers is quite substantial.  That is why there are quite a few books similar to this one appearing.I have read several of these books, am in the medical field, and am quite familiar with the literature on health and life extension.  The basic problem with this and many other books is that a program is offered after some discussion of the topic (often very selective) but the program is NOT supported by anything like sufficient evidence to merit its adoption.I could enlarge on this about a lot of areas of this book, but just to give one example is the issue of supplements.  Ray takes about 260 pills a day, and Dr. Grossman about 60 (apparently they don't quite agree).   It is very hard to know if these supplements are going to help you, and, importantly that they won't harm you.  Just to give an example, even the supplements which would have appear most promising, antioxidant vitamins C and E, have been studied in appropriate trials, and have given very mixed results.   In one study, antioxidants of various types were  tested  to see if they would reduce lung cancer incidence.  One antioxidant was associated with a HIGHER incidence of lung cancer.  Supplement with care.In the end, what can you do?  Well, you can be sure you never smoke, do not allow yourself to become obese, eat a nutritious balanced diet, get regular aerobic exercise, and keep engaged and purposeful as possible in all aspects of your life.  You can't write a book and just have this one sentence, but it appears to be the truth at the present time.The future- nanotechnology molecular machines zipping around our bodies finding and zapping tumors and so on may happen- but don't hold your breath.  This is interesting speculation, but you may not see it until 100 (or 1000) years from now, if ever
Short. Too short and full of images I could find on Google Search.Nice quality book, however
walter kaufmann is an ignorant, pompous blowhard. Nietzsche was destined to be cursed by the vapidity and foolishness of those closest to him: first his sister, and next his translator, Walter Kaufmann, who singlehandedly stifled all creative and thoughtful work on Nietzsche in English for much of the twentieth century, when it would seem to have been just getting started. Not only were his translations one-dimensional, not only was his view of Nietzsche fairly warped and condescending; but he spent most of his time not translating Neitzsche or doing thoughtful work in the community but rather destroying the careers of others by publishing nasty reviews which, due to his iron grip on the american philosophical societies, made it fairly impossible to publish on nietzsche if one hadn't earned his prior approval by kissing up. He was, in short, the very portrait of the arrogant know-it-all professor. To see this, one only has to look to his translations of Nietzsche, where he comments derisively on the works of others; chides Nietzsche for his views on women, his poetic capability, and his philosophical outlooks; and refers more to his own footnotes than the text in question. It becomes quickly apparent that W. Kaufmann sees himself as vastly more important than Nietzsche; even his biographical note at the end of the texts is almost twice as long as Nietzsche's!Here he is no different; his view of Nietzsche is perhaps slightly more developed than some, but is not outstanding in any way. Besides, this is less about Nietzsche than about Kaufmann anyhow. The "Kaufmann freeze" has broken, and other people are publishing about Nietzche; it may be hard to find good books about him, but rest assured that this isn't one of them. Briefly: forget about this one, and also avoid any of Mr. Kaufmann's translations. Try Hollingdale, who isn't much better in the translation department, but at least doesn't detract from the text through arrogant footnotes
Not Worth the Time or Money. In his book REDISCOVERING CHINA, Cheng Li quotes a sinologist who said, , "If you visit China for two weeks, you want to write a book; if you stay in China for two months, you want to write an article; if you live in China for two years, you don't want to write anything." Unfortunately, Ethan Gutmann chose not to follow this sage advice and ended up authoring a rambling, self-aggrandizing, anti-China screed.I have spent a substantial amount of time in China since 2001 and have read numerous non-fiction works about that country. Without a doubt, LOSING THE NEW CHINA is among the worst I have ever seen. Prospective readers should be aware that the publisher, Encounter Books, is backed financially by a number of Conservative organizations, among them the Olin and Koch Foundations. Enough said.The trouble begins on the opening page of the Preface where Gutmann writes messianically, "I was more motivated by the idea of changing China than by the prospect of profit." The first hundred pages is pure, self-serving public relations from a PR professional, filled with name dropping and insider-status trivia about AmCham, the American Chamber of Commerce in Beijing. Skip it and go straight to Chapters 5 and 6 where Gutman switches gears and actually offers some interesting insights into Motorola's successes in China and that government's control of the Internet, aided and abetted by Western networking and security companies.By this point, however, Gutmann claims to have had a George W. Bush transformational experience in which his enthusiasm for China becomes an insecure loathing, apparently triggered by his realization that nothing he or any other Western businessman does will likely convert China to Western ethics and business values (as if our Enron, Adelphia, Tyco, Global Crossing, Martha Stewart, Jack Grubman hands are so clean). Wonder of wonders, another Westerner learns that 5,000 years of history and culture and 1.3 billion people cannot be changed in a decade!The last chapter of LOSING THE NEW CHINA is truly bizarre. Gutmann offers a self-pitying wallow into the sex-filled nightlife of Beijing, where any Westerner can find anything he wants, as much as he wants. While describing the sexual escapades of an acquaintance named Rex, Gutmann seems torn between disgust and envy, practically indicting the country's entire female population as empty-headed prostitutes. The author nearly tastes the forbidden fruit himself, having entered his "personal heart of darkness" in the summer of 2001. Oh, the horror! The horror!Thankfully, Gutmann heroically comes to his senses, returns to his wife in Vermont, and sets out to describe his experience in the evil, godless empire of Communist China. He wears his distaste on his sleeve, foregoing any pretense of objectivity by "cleverly" using the Chinese character for greed ("tan") as a decorative symbol at the beginning of each chapter.LOSING THE NEW CHINA fails to fulfill the promise implicit in its title, but then, it never really had a chance. The author evidences no sense of Chinese history or China's shamed sense of inferiority to the West, demonstrates no affinity for Chinese culture beyond a condescending appreciation of hutong life (even his dabbles in the Beijing culture scene seem little more than opportunities for personal networking), suggests no familiarity with Chinese life beyond the five square miles around Tiananmen Square, and shows no interest in contact with average Chinese people. The world he describes is an isolated and insular community of expatriates whose contacts are limited to the opportunistic Chinese capitalists most like themselves.Gutmann concludes that China is not to be trusted, that the Chinese government will do anything to preserve its power and extend its global influence. His China is not a vast commercial market or a "strategic partner," it is a patiently brooding and devious enemy bent on achieving economic and military power. Chinese companies are just tools of the State, willing to lie, cheat, and steal without a second thought. Gutmann laments the behavior of Western companies willing to play by China's rules (or lack thereof) for the sake of making a buck, yet conveniently ignores decades of identical corporate behavior in Mexico, Central and South America, the African continent, and other parts of Southeast Asia. Western companies giving Beijing the tools to police the Internet is inarguably lamentable, but so is marketing arms and munitions to dictators, selling cigarettes to Third World countries, pricing medicines for malaria and AIDS beyond the reach of millions of dying people, and profiting from the sale of a country's own water to its people.Trust me, this is a book well worth skipping. I only wish I had known better before I started. The same topic - the frustrations of doing business in China's nascent capitalist economy - is covered far, far better and in a much more detailed and entertaining fashion in Tim Clissold's MR. CHINA. I highly recommend it instead.
Disappointing. After Mark Cotta Vaz's adequate first volume, I was hoping for a follow-up from Ruditis that at least matched it and hopefully surpassed it. Sorry. Didn't happen.This guide is kinda flashy but isn't constructed well. It's written as fiction, like you've been handed a dossier on Sydney Bristow and the gang and are having their missions explained to you. But all the energy spent on assigning made up file numbers and access codes comes across as taking focus off the show and sounds just plain corny. As usual with Ruditis books, there's little real-life info on the show. Do they not like this guy?If you've collected the 'Alias' magazine, you've got a thousand times more info than you'll get from this. For the completist only
Other reviewers must be family members - book is worthless. There are a lot of really bad books on portrait painting, and this is definitely one of them.  If Amazon was giving this book away, I would not want one.  There is really no instruction to speak of in this book.  The style is also pretty boring, and lifeless.  The type of uninspired, realism, and bad painting so typical of American Artist magazine.Instead buy any of the Charles Reid books, but his Natural way to paint is the best for portrait painting....Okay, maybe I have been a little harsh.  If you took this book, and stacked it up with some other bad art books, you could angle your watercolor board, and paint in the style of Charles Reid.  So, I guess it isn't worthless, just not very good
Very Disappointing. The plot is confussing and weakly held together by the detailed personal stories. I found little that was morally redeeming or outstanding in this book. Having grown-up in Oklahoma, I found the book unauthentic. I cannot recommend this book
Too much guess work and very little science. Even though it was fun to read, I give it one star lest the brainwashed academics out their suffer further undue influence.  This book has been highly misrepresented by evolutionists for decades.  One reviewer made this point but failed to back it up with any facts.  That reviewer failed to point out that it was in the "Descent of Man," not "Origin of the Species" where Darwin first presents man as having descended from apes.Evolutionists apply natural selection to explain all biological development.  It's the worse case of reductionism in history.  James D. Watson and Edward Wilson were on the Charlie Rose show talking about this book.  They described natural selection as the single great development in science since Newton.  They claimed to describe this book as great English literature yet they badly misrepresented it as teaching that natural selection applies to everything biological.  How could these allegedly great scientists be so unscientific?  Scientists aren't supposed to be cavalier in their judgment.  Scientists are supposed to be conservative in their judgment.First of all, let's quote Darwin himself from this book, page 75:  "To suppose that the eye with all its inimitable contrivances for adjusting the focus to different distances, for admitting different amounts of light, and for the correction of spherical and chromatic aberration, could have been formed by natural selection, seems, I freely confess, absurd in the highest degree."  There you have it, from Darwin himself, from his famous book.  Yet, today, textbooks that claim a lineage to Darwin, depict evolutionary trees of everything biological sprouting from natural selection.  Evolutionists like Robert H Hurlbutt, oppose William Paley's design argument because it makes God, not natural selection, the origin of design in the human eye.  See Hurlbutt's book, page 173, "Hume, Newton and the Design Argument."  Watson and Wilson also attacked the human eye argument in an ad hominem way without producing any argument.But, while Hurlbutt is a typical product of academic brainwashing, which passes for education these days, how could two Nobel Prize winners of science, Watson and Wilson, make such a foolish mistake?  First of all, Watson and Wilson are crooks.  Their Nobel Prize fame for unlocking the secrets of the structure of DNA was illfounded.  Rosalind Franklin of King's college is well known to have discovered the structure of DNA and her supervisor Wilson passed it on to Watson and Crick, who, along with Wilson, took credit for it.  A little research by the Nobel Prize committee would have discovered this.  I guess the Nobel Prize really isn't worth anything when you consider how sloppy they are in giving their awards.  Einstein was given a Nobel Prize even though his papers on Brownian movement are a plagarization of Josiah Willard Gibb's book "Statistical Mechanics."Concluding unscientific postscript: Could Darwin's "Descent of Man" have psychological origin in the fact that Darwin himself looked like a monkey
Disappointment. I am a huge Burke fan. I have read them all, some a couple of times. BUT, this book was horrible. I started skimming the usual plush, rich, time/mood/place descriptions. Then I started skimming the anti-Bush, Farenheit 911 stuff. Then I started skimming the dacquiry seller as satan stuff. Then I started skimming the corporation as satan stuff. Then I was done with an uninteresting book. I still love Clete though. The opera embarrassment of the mafia guy was horrible--not good. Plus, hasn't Burke written these characters and story lines at least 10 times? If I'm going to reread the same stories, I'll go back to reread the first 5 or so in the series. OUTSTANDING. Gritty, hard, evocative, moody, dark, southern and quotable. Makes you want a po boy and dirty rice. Please go back podna, this way ain't forward
An exceedingly poor, revisionist work of pseudohistory. Only a professor writing for a university press could get a book this poor published.  Matthews views are on the most extreme fringes of revisionist interpretations of American history, and may be summarized as follows:  Thomas Jefferson was idealistic and good, James Madison was materialistic  and bad.  If you are inclined to think that this is an exaggeration, I will  quote 4 sentences from the very last page of this book (consistent with  Amazon.com's guidelines, I am limited to only 4 sentences of quotations):  &quot;It was Madison, not Jefferson, who designed the system.   Madison's...dream has, as he knew it would, turned into a nightmare for  increasing numbers of marginalized Americans.  Instead of the chance to  pursue happiness, they have neither the opportunity, the hope, nor even the  illusion of either.  America....has metamorphosed into an intriguing  Orwellian-Kafkaesque labyrinth, where a few Ks still search for the reality  behind the ideological myth, while the rich find meaning in each of their  possessions.&quot; If you think that this makes sense, if you believe that  this even remotely resembles the vision of James Madison, one of the  fathers of our nation and its greatest expert on the American Constitution  he did so much to create, then this is your kind of book.  If not, I  recommend that you save your money and order other books of real value on  the life and works of Madison
Not what I expected. When you see the words Adobe Master Class you might think you are going to learn something. The book is just a series of paintings the artist has done. No real explanation of how it was done. It might as well be a coffee table book. But hey if that's what your looking for great!
G is for Gumshoe. The second tape does not move backwards or forwards. I am very diappointed
too simplistic. This is not the book to buy if you want tips on how to parent the gifted child. Galbraith wastes time catagorizing different types of "giftedness" and ends each section with a few tips on how to parent. I felt this book was overpriced for the information it contained
A big disappointment. Kevin Trudeau leads his readers into believing they will get the solutions they are looking for but when the time for presenting them comes, he sends his readers to his website where they have to pay an outrageous membership fee. He condemns those who are out to make money at our expense then turns around does the same thing.  I give it two stars because there is some knowledge to be gained but no solution unless you are willing to pay.  A big disappointment
The most boring "work of literature" i have ever read. This book is terrible!!! I was forced to read this book for summer reading and definitley did not enjoy it, dont waste the 14 bucks to buy this piece of junk. I really hated this it is boring!!! Wallace puts too much useless info into the 576 pages of this hunk of crap. The first sentance is about two pages long and he often switches between 3rd and 2nd person, it is really annoying. Dont wate your life reading this book try reading "My name is asher LEv" by Chaim Potok It is truly an inspiring novel unlike this boring book. Wow i hate this book i truly hate it with every square inch of my body! I promise dont waste ur time reading this boo
Worst book I bought on Amazon. I did not like this book at all. I speak clearly but I want to be more articulate and hold my "audiences" attention.The breathing exercises and banging out the ZZZZs and EE-I-EE-I-OOs did not help me.  Maybe I just don't understand what the author is trying to get across so it could actually be good information.I also agree with one of the earlier reviewers that this author seems to just drop a lot of names.  It got a little old after a while
Now I remember why I quit reading Mickey Spillane. This book came out when America was all aflutter with the Communist scare.  China had gone Red.  The Soviets had "the bomb."  We were at war (correction, "police action") in Korea.  And Tailgunner Joe was in his ascendancy.  Mickey Spillane's earlier Mike Hammer novels had been apolitical for the most part.  The villains were just hoods, gangsters, motivated by money.With "One Lonely Night" Spillane went full-bore anti-communist, without much understanding of the threat beyond the Chicken Little the-sky-is-falling outcry.  The reality was that American communists were self-styled intellectuals talking revolution in darkened Greenwich Village espresso shops.  The laboring class Marx so adored were not having any of it, and the threat wasn't much of a threat at all.But Spillane made straw men out of the commies and shot them down.  And somehow Mike Hammer was the loser for it.  As a young man in the 1950's I admired the prose in Spillane's first few novels--and then I came to this one and was weaned.  He was way off the mark, but I forgot that until I picked this up again after a hiatus of five decades or so.I will admit that the first chapter is a gem of writing, perhaps the best Spillane ever did.  But one gem is not enough to get the book much praise.  It's just barely enough to get it two stars from me
Painfully boring. Last week, I happened to come across this book in the library. As I had recently bought "Writing a Book that Makes a Difference" and "Writing Creative Nonfiction: Instruction and Insights from Teachers of the Associated Writing Programs" by the same author, I thought it would be good to read this book to get a feel of what's in store when I finally get down to reading my own books.Gosh! I hope the other two books are better than this one. I tried hard to read this book, but I had to give up finally. Call me a philistine, but I just could not "get into it" (I'm at a loss with words to describe how this book simply could not grip my attention).
Lacks depth. If you are looking for a "feel good" book about baby boomer retirement, this book may have some value for you. But if you are looking for specific in-depth how-to, this book isn't the answer. Each segment-work, dreams, travel-is short and doesn't address many relevant issues.For example, regarding the work chapter, the author postulates that there will be a work shortage and companies will hire baby boomers to fill the gap. Well, that is speculative with globalism. Those jobs may be outsourced. Most are low paying. Many of my highly qualified friends are unable to find jobs despite retraining. Yes, there may be Wal-Mart jobs but is this your retirement dream? The work chapter sounds a lot like most "Do what you love" books. But doing what you love is often best as a hobby not to furnish needed income. These and other issues facing boomers who want meaningful work into their 70s are not addressed. I could pick apart other chapters in the same manner
Fanatic. I knew when I saw this woman ranting on a Christian television program the she was likely a fanatic.  Now reading the book I'm certain.  We must always be careful of becoming one of the mindless hoards who react to the loudest screamer.  Making noise doesn't make one right
Warning. Do not buy this book unless you have a very high tolerance for new age gibberish.  There is factual information here, but it is buried in gushy self-absorption.  I bought it for psychotherapy patients who are going through menopause, but I'd be embarrassed to lend it out
not enjoyable. I used to think should never judge a book for the cover. But this time I was wrong.The book is plenty of average wedding photos. It's a sort of frustrating to try to be inspired by a book where the pictures are so standard, conservative and uncreative.But the worst of all is that there is almost no direct relation between most of the pictures and the text. They are no real examples of what the text describes and there are only a few schemas for covering the topics explained.I wanted a posing book but only a few chapters cover this area. For me 70% was un-useful information. Sometimes the author tries to teach you about depth of field or how to use a ladder and the possible complications you can having using it.If I wanted to read about lighting, well then I would buy a lighting book written by a master of lighting. For example, this guy don't know the existence of the big and expensive studio/fashion ring flashes and he adjudge the circular catch lights in fashion portraits to powerless macro ring flashes.This book should be named: "The Wedding Portrait Photographer, a basic guide to photography".I don't give this book one star because, yes!, there is still very useful posing information on it
I didn't get it. Man's Search for Meaning is my bible for life. I so anticipateddigging into Volume 2, couldn't imagine it could get anybetter, it didn't.You need a PHD in Pysch to read the first page and I onlymade it to Chapter 4 and I couldn't figure out what hewas even trying to say. The verbage alone requires adictionary, but my arm got tired looking up every otherword.What happened???His first book was so rich in real life examples andtouching experiences I was filled with tears of joy.This book is as if Victor lived his whole life inthe ivory tower talking to other suits.Oh well, vita continua.
Freak Babylon: You may already have it. If you already own Jack Hunter's book "Inside Teradome" then you won't need to buy "Freak Babylon". The publishers simply enlarged the print and the photos in the teratology section of "Inside Teradome", called it a new book and gave it a new name. Kind of deceptive, I think. But perhaps, with this review, I can save someone else from throwing their money away like I did
Not very interesting. My book group chose this book by the interesting description here and review.  The idea of a spinster leaving her family to become a witch intrigued us all, but we were disappointed in the book.  We found the character not very interesting, and the lack of action calmed us all into slumber while trying to read it.  It wasn't a terrible book, it had some interesting things to say, but we could not understand all the immensely positive reviews here
Amateurish and poorly researched. I'll put it simply: this is a poor history of the compass. For almost ten years, publishers have been throwing money at anyone who might attempt to repeat the success of Dava Sobel's 'Longitude', and here we see the worst outcome of that lust for success. This book is worthless.
Not Impressed. When I first read the synopsis of this book, I thought that it would be an interesting read.  After the first 20 or so pages I was not sure what I had gotten myself into.  The writing style seemed awkward and the phrase "I'd like to know" came up so often it became extremely annoying and at times out of place.Writing style aside, the premise of this book was very similar to the movie and series "Stargate" but less interesting and more confusing.  The book itself seemed to be a mishmash of different stories and ideas.  The book never seemed to flow.  Sometimes the story went quickly and the reader was left trying to figure out what was going on.  The author created situations without any explanation and many times I was left to wonder "how did that happen?"In other sections of the book, the author seemed to drag on forever.  The longest subplot in the book seemed to be an odd take on Slavery in American and Colonial History.  It seemed out of place and more of a rant on black and white culture and relations.This book was so odd that I never could figure out what the author was trying to accomplish in writing this book.  Of course, Williamson did leave an open ended ending which leads me to believe he was thinking of writing other books about the different subplots he created.  In the end, who knows?  All I know is that after reading this story I am not inclined to purchase another book from this author.
DON'T TRY TO ORDER THIS ITEM. This book is always advertised, yet NEVER in stock after you pay for it.  I've tried to order it from 4 different people and all 4 didn't actually have it.
In a word - DRY. Not to put too fine a point on it but this book is DRY - almost like a text book.  There is very little action and/or suspense brought forth about involvement in the Angola operation and what could have been was quickly blunted with operational and bureaucratic detail.  And that's how the book drags on, with excruciating detail. In one part, Mr. Stockwell describes what he did to finally get a desk to work from at Langley by sitting in the hall in everyone's way and stacking his papers up beside him.  What took him pages to describe should've been done in a simple paragraph.  To be fair, the book is written from the viewpoint of an intelligence staffer not a cloak and dagger operative. Yes, there might be some interest in how inefficient the CIA was operating back in the mid-1970s but that's true for most large government organizations. He also describes some of the "political" machinations between officials within the CIA.  Again, mildly interesting but nothing notable. Some of the descriptions of dialog and reactions of persons seems contrived, almost as if he (or some ghost writer) added these things for effect. It almost "reads" like a fiction novel in that respect. Rather than writing a solid, crisp account with thoughtful and concise opinions about CIA policy and inner workings the book devolves often times into monotonous detail. However, in the latter chapters the account does get more interesting as he discusses "plausible deniability" and the deception of the CIA to "hide" their involvement. One of the more interesting parts is the organizational background and resources needed to run an operation of this type including the shipping of weapons and ammo, the propaganda strategy, the political workings thru committees, the State Department and the President to gain support, etc.  The book does makes one wonder what other rebellions or conflicts the CIA was involved in over the last 30-40 years and is an eye opener about our nations espionage policies. On this level, the book succeeds.  But, in the end the book was almost a grind to finish.  I'd only recommend this one for the hard core 'spook' fan
A Good Beginers Guide But Incomplete. If you are new to "Law of Attraction" material you will find a lot of good info here.  The content of the book is good.  It is valid.  George clearly learned all these lessons the hard way.  However, he does not seem to realize that the forces he is working with are all part of the "Law of Attraction".  Had he researched the "Law of Attraction" before writing this book he would have had a more "meaty" offering.  He understands that the principles he presents work.  But he does not understand what makes them work or their TRUE potential.  The principles he promotes are not new.  Anyone who wants to truely KNOW the potential of these priciples as well as what makes them work not to mention a more thorough understanding of how to make them work more effectively should keyword search "Law of Attraction".  Esther Hicks, Wayne Dyer, Bob Doyle, Bob Proctor,  and several others have entire courses on the topic in book and audio form that will take you light years beyond George's work.  I will not knock George's work.  It is good and sound but it is incomplete and he does not seem to understand the true nature of the forces he is using to improve his life.  If he did, he would be astounded at their true potential.  He would also realize that simply "thinking positive thoughts" is only the begining.  He should study the "Law of Attraction" then write a sequal to the book entitled, "Oh, I Forgot To Mention...
best feature -front cover. very disappointing publication-suggest you save your money and check it out of the library before making a decision-the front cover was deceptive in its allure to those looking for a creative nudge in decorating tuscany style. but the most chilling part of this book,for me, was a revealing paragraph at the top of page 106 'quote' Given that the farmers probably will not be returning.I begin to plot new purposes for the hundreds of borghi in the italian hills: music camps,artists' colonies,hospices, religious retreat centers. After all,easily taking the past into the future is part or the italian genius for living.'unquote'... well, there goes he neighborhood! i'm just thankful i got to see Tuscany before the Mayes' makeover of the whole region --some people just can't leave rustic charm alone!!...norm
"Journey of Man" falls short. Unlike other reviewers, I found this book to be muddled and the metaphors to be over-used to the point of uselessness. At one point, the author compares early human migrations to "...squeezing toothpaste from the tube, where climate is both the carrot and the stick in the scenario." I'm not kidding. These two completely different analogies in a single sentence exemplify the superfluous use of metaphors that bogs down the text. Wells would have done better to spend more time on explaining genetics and human prehistory directly, rather than using metaphors to excess. I also question whether this book is truly accessible to the average science reader. I have a doctorate in molecular biology, and I sometimes had to fill in gaps with knowledge from my own education.From a scientific perspective, Wells includes genetic results from studies of both the Y chromosome and mitochondrial DNA, as well as anthropological findings. This is important, as no single angle will tell the complete story of human evolution. He seems to forget this, however, when he claims that the Y chromosome provides a more accurate view of human migration and evolution. This really only holds true for human males, despite what he says about "sexual politics".I cannot in good conscience recommend this book to anyone. Nevertheless, the use of genetics in understanding human prehistory remains a fascinating topic, and if you are interested, I would refer you to the many works of Luigi Luca Cavalli-Sforza and Brian Sykes
Anatomy flash cards. Very time consuming and rediculously organized.  The only thing I liked about the product is the free anatomy poster. The cards are not well organized and hard to get out of the box.  Also Integumentary Sytem is not included
John would have laughed. Lennon once made a comment to the effect that every two-bit hack associated with the Beatles would eventually get one book out of the deal, and in this case Kane is already on number two. Don't waste your time; if you want a real page-turner that brings up truly new insights, check out "The Beatles" by Bob Spitz, which is extremely insightful and well writen. I'm going to sell my copy of Kane's book: anyone interested
Pathetic. I bought this book while rushing through an airport terminal needing something to read on the plane.  Not one of my better decisions.  Very wordy, and the dialogue is so clipped and stilted it's totally absurd -- reminds me of the way the cops talked in "Dragnet."  We are talking zero development of characters.  Perhaps Mr. Woods feels he doesn't need to give any depth to characters that he's been writing about in previous books.  Well, he's wrong.  You basically just don't care about these people.  They aren't real, and they talk weird.  Not much action either, unless you count actions like:  they got in the car; they got in the boat; they got in the plane.  You get the picture.  This is another case of a well-known author throwing something together so he can get it on the newsstand and rob you of your money.  Don't fall into his trap like I did.  There are a lot better books out there.
She just doesn't get it. I agree with so many of the other reviewers.  Ellie Krieger just doesn't get it.  There was not one useful tip in this book if you've ever before owned a diet book at all.  I've seen her show a few times and feel that she doesn't get it there either.  She's supposedly making healthy food, but doesn't give nutritionals for it.  And she says everything is "gorgeous" or beautiful--it's nauseating.  Yesterday she was making some peach french toast bake thing and had just mixed egg and milk and vanilla and was gushing with this fake face about how great it smelled.  How does raw egg smell good?!?  Come on.  Let's be serious.  There are so many better chefs (wait, she's not a chef) and even nutritionists out there who clearly live this life.  Ellie is not one of them and it is reflected in her work across the board.  Steer clear if you want to spend your money (and time) wisely.
Good Research Does Not Always Produce a Good Book. Watts' book is a series of related essays about the social construction of 6 major diseases. He has poured years of research into this work. The thesis of each chapter is fascinating, and most may well be correct. For example, he posits that biblical leprosy was not Hansen's Disease, and further that medieval leprosy was a social category, and that the "lepers" of that time did not have the disease. There could be something to this.But this book cannot do better than raise the questions. There are both scientific and historical aspects to this book, but the editing did not bring the writing close to scientific standards. Many generalizations are based on a single piece of evidence. Primary sources are cited without considering that the author's comments may have been self-serving.Epidemics and History loses its way badly when it tries to intuit the intentions of groups of people, rather than letting their actions speak for themselves. A word count would reveal unusually high frequencies for "desire," "intention," "understanding," "perception," and so forth. I wonder to what extent groups of people through history have been aware of themselves as groups, as the book assumes throughout. Further, it tries to inflame with unnecessary emotive language. Pity.Academic anti-imperialism was the wrong voice for this work. Watts' research is interesting, theses provocative. But the writing is all wrong. Where were the editors?If you are interested in the history of disease, you do want to know what Watts says. But the flawed writing makes this a frustrating read.
Disappointing. This is an essential book. I rushed to it after finishing The Double Helix, by James Watson; I was incensed by Watson's misogyny and eager to learn the other side of the story. And this is the main accomplishment of Maddox's book, that it does give the other side of the story in a thorough and detailed manner. Too often, however, Maddox's tone slips into defensiveness, and her feminism appears to be a position she arrived at not as a result of rational thinking but because of her bitterness at the many injustices women have suffered at the hands of men.I was troubled by this. I admire Rosalind Franklin -- yes, I have to admit that my admiration was nourished to a great extent by Maddox's book -- but I'm put off by how much of her biography of Franklin is a direct, self-righteous and self-justifying response to James Watson's flippant comments in The Double Helix. I was disappointed, for instance, by how much time Maddox spends explaining how sophisticated Franklin's taste in fashion was, simply because Watson made a snide comment in his book about Franklin's clothes and hairdo.Another problem with Maddox's narrative is its pace. I found the book very hard to get through; paragraph after paragraph plods on, heavy with detail and almost empty of energy. I read The Double Helix in three days, breathless with excitement; for all its flaws, Watson's telling of the story sparkles. I don't look, when I read, to be entertained at the expense of truth, but I don't want either to be given the truth in a dry and awkward way. And Maddox's syntax is often awkward; I found myself going back again and again over her sentences to figure out what she was trying to say.This material -- the story of Rosalind Franklin's life -- needs a better and more evenhanded writer, one who has nothing to prove and is aware that a biography, no matter how well-intentioned, can, just like the badly-intentioned ones, tell only one side of the story
the world is flat. it is juust a copy of the frist book. if you read the frist the world is flat, then don't waste your time.jo
A Valentine of Superlatives. I'd purchased this biography to learn more about a fascinating woman who left an indelible mark on her profession, acting.  But my disappointment was great; this is less a biography than an infatuated paean -- something one might write for a fan club or public relations campaign.  Though Mr. Spoto and his crew of researchers obviously undertook considerable investigation into Bergman's life, Mr. Spoto failed to complete the last -- and most important -- task of a biographer:  a critical analysis of his subject.  Instead, throughout the book, Mr. Spoto repeatedly (and I emphasize "repeatedly") flogs readers with superlatives about Bergman's acting, looks, intelligence, strength, spirit, wisdom, and character.  Why the Pope hasn't yet canonized this woman, based on Mr. Spoto's writings, is beyond me -- perhaps it is only because she was not Catholic.  I do hope that someday another biographer -- say, someone with the talents of Edward Tytell (biographer of Ezra Pound) or Noel Riley Fitch (biographer of Sylvia Beach and Julia Child) -- might undertake the task of penning a more informative, insightful biography of Bergman.  The woman certainly deserves this.
&quot;The Bone Detectives&quot; for the interested 11 year old. Okay, this book was so absolutely basic that I could have written it.  I was extremely disappointed with how much I didn't learn from this book.  It is 45 pages long, so if you're expecting a good, interesting weekend read--this is not it.  There weren't any detailed case studies.  There weren't any crime scene pictures.  Just basic info on fingerprinting and skull re-construction and a little bit of this-and-that.  Extremely basic.  Recommended for the interested 11 year old, but not for anyone who wants to really learn the nitty-gritty of Forensic Anthropology
Cuban Food with humor. This is an excellent beginning introduction cook book for Maimi cuban food.The recipes are very easy to follow and the ingredients are clearly explained. The only challenge I had was making Cuban bread. But I finally followed the recipe exactly and got a perfect loaf of bread. Yes I really had to roll out the dough with a rolling pin to get the bread to come out right. The writers comments just kept me reading recipes, not bad for a cook book
On second thought, let me give that 2 stars... I wrote the first review of this book above, but after more consideration, I'm downgrading it to 2 stars.This book is obviously an attempt to legitimize the TESOL field by the use of lofty language and faux-scholarly writing.  TESOL instructors want to be taken seriously, as practitioners of a profession like law, medicine, etc., so they're trying to puff themselves up in the eyes of potential TESOL teachers (like myself).Often it becomes quite comic.  Here's a quote:"Krashen (1982) claimed that 'comprehensible input' was a necessary condition for language learning...further development from the learner's current stage of language knowledge can only be achieved by the learner 'comprehending' language that contains linguistic items..."In other words, in order to learn a new language, you have to understand it, and in order to learn more, you have to understand more...Words of wisdom from on high!  Holy crap...talk about disguising the obvious in a cloak of jargon and didactic fog!  The book is full of gems like the one I just quoted.  Yes, there are some useful little pieces of information peppered throughout the book, but it's so clear that the authors were in effect saying "please, please, take us seriously!  We're professionals!  We want to be respected!  We want you to look up to us!  Teaching language is sooooooo amazingly complicated!  Oh, you pathetic little potential teachers would be lost without our wisdom.
You're Kidding!!. I read this book only because it was lent to me by an unfortunate person who was lumbered with it for Mothers Day. It was the only BTB book I've read since "Woman of Substance" and I fine it hard to believe that it was written by the same writer! The dialogue was unbelievably twee and some of it was out of a Victorian novel---the heroine calls her brother --Brother mine!!!!!Oh brother! I finished it because it was so bad that it was funny
Where are the facts?. Books like this one need fact checkers.  Had the 'writer' had some, he would have found that there is hardly a fact in it.  This is a lowbrow and disgusting hatchet job..
Time to Bury the Black Sox. Now White Sox is World Series Champions again, it's time to bury the eight men forever from our memories
poetry in Riis' How he oher half Lives. How the Other Half Lives was written over a century ago as an expose' of the appalling living conditions in the tenements of New York City. The author speaks with a crusader's zeal and with so much detail that the reader can visualize these tenements, these streets, and these people as if they were living today. This is a grim and moving portrayal of the lives of the men, the women and the children that inhabit these loathsome neighborhoods of New York City in the late 1800s.  He so graphically describes the filth, the sunless and airless rooms, the crowding, and the starvation that these places palpably exist for the reader and bring a chill to any heart.  Riis has a genuine concern for the tenement situation and understands these people's plight. His pictures are touching and meant to vividly show their misery. He, for the most part, blames the money-hungry landlords for these crowded conditions: "How shall the love of God be understood by those who have been nurtured in sight only of the greed of man." (p. 266). He laments that the tenement is three quarters responsible for the misery of the poor. Then, after his extensive discourse, he offers three concrete cures for these dreadful conditions, something that many authors forget when they are enlightening readers.Riis states his purpose for writing this book himself on page 297 when he says, "If this book shall have borne ever so feeble a hand in garnering a harvest of justice, it has served its purpose." The author apparently succeeded with his purpose, because in the flyleaf of this book the publisher tells us: "This book helped bring about new revisions in the housing codes of the major U. S. cities."How does this book relate to adult education? By moving chronologically from the founding of America to the slums of NYC in the 1800s, are we to understand that education took a back seat to the accumulation of money during those hundred years? Certainly Riis posits that education is one of the solutions to this problem while at the same time implying that wealth accumulation and the lack of education has been the cause of this problem.  "Thus the whole matter resolves itself once more into a question of education, all the more urgent because these people are poor, miserably poor almost to a man." (p. 147). He does not forget that this "education" is not only for the poor people, but also for the wealthy landlords. "Clearly, it is a matter of education on the part of the landlord no less than the tenant." (p. 270). Riis' almost missionary language exhorts us to never allow greed to override a compassion for humanity.  "It is a fight in which eternal vigilance is truly the price of liberty and the preservation of society." (p. 233). The relation of this book to the other units of study in this course could be explained as an example of how low mankind can descend if education is not considered one of the major cornerstones of a society.Although this book was exhaustive in its detail, it was easy to read while at the same time enlightening. I found myself enjoying the ranting tone and the fascinating lists of neighborhoods and the labels that Riis used for the different races. In a sense it reads like a Ginsberg poem; constantly hitting the reader with melodious lists of places and people from another era. Read these geographic names out loud and feel their rhythm:Jewtown, Bandit's Roost, Double Alley, The Bowery, The Bloody Sixth Ward, The Fourth, Fifth and Tenth Wards,  Blindman's Alley, The Bend, The Battery, Little Italy, The French Quarter, Hell's Kitchen, The West Side, Bottle Alley, Frog Hollow, Poverty Gap, Murderer's Alley, Gotham Court, The Old Brewery, Old Africa, Potter's Field, Blackwell's Island Asylum, Rogues' Gallery, Penitentiary Row, Chinatown. The list goes on. To someone reared in rural America, this chant sounds like a song about another country.Riis also has something to say about all the races of people that live in the tenements of New York City:Chinaman (he can't be taught), (Chinese (coolie--laundry business), Polish Jew (coops himself up in his den with his thermometer at boiling), Russian Jew, Jew (money is their God), Bohemian (poor, but thrifty), Blacks (like to gamble, but they are clean), Greek, Hebrews (tailors, all of them), Dutchman, Irish (like to drink and have expensive funerals), German (order loving), Swiss, Pasquales, Russian, Italian (a born gambler; lighthearted and gay), Swamp Angel (thieves), Street Arabs (army of homeless boys), Tramps and Toughs (the world owes them a living),and the Celtics. I was enthralled by the street lingo and the colloquialisms and Riis' comments about every race.I noticed one interesting similarity between the late 1800s and the present day. Riis says that the gap between the social classes is widening everyday. I hear people talking about the growing differences between the rich and the poor often these days. Does every generation think that is happening in their time?Not only should this book be used by people researching New York City`s tenements, but it should also be read by everyone seeking a blueprint for social change. It is a reminder to show us how hopeless the human circumstances can become when man's greed overrides his concern for human dignity.
Stick with No. 1 Ladies Detective Agency. I adore his series with Precious in No. 1 Ladies Detective Agency and purchased The Sunday Philosophy Club in high hopes.I could not finish it.  I forced my way through half the book hoping it would get better - it didn't.  I finally realized after a month went by and I did not pick it up that I was just not going to finish it.  So I traded it in at a local used book store.I just never grew to care about the main character and the plot did not progress.  The main character was just a monstrously bored busybody.  I did not see any justification for her actions throughout the book.  And the endless talks of ethical and philosophical dilemmas were grueling - I skimmed through them.I have been telling everyone not to bother with this book.  It was very disappointing
Crud. The usual anti tradition garbage. Little biography here more of a thesis of liberal pope=good pope traditional pope=evil pope. Bad biography, any real church historian knows John XXIII never wanted the garbage that happend after vatican II i.e. he never even wanted a mass in the vernacular. If you like real catholicism and beauty ( or for that matter are looking for a bio of John xxiii) then skip this book, If you want a book about why churches should continue to look like empty garages and homilies should be given by a butch nun about how we need to call jesus she then this ones for you
Disappointed... I was thoroughly disappointed in this book. It seemed to have so much promise! The main character was completely unlikable- she made me NEVER want to get married! She is the epitome of a woman who is willing to settle simply to be married. She seems to view her fianc as a decent catch, but not as something she is madly in love with.In addition, I strongly disliked the author's writing style. I can't put my finger on it, but it just felt rough and forced, like nothing flowed smoothly. Choppy I suppose. Perhaps this appeals to some, but I found it hard to read. As someone stated in an earlier review, I also can't stop reading in the middle of a book or I would have stopped. It was that bad.Read at your own risk.
Disappointment. What a disappointment!  It sure looks like there's a good mystery in this book somewhere but digging through all the detail and ploding style is just too much.  A great read if you're looking to become an insurance claims adjuster
Could be a lot better. The reason I am giving one star to this book is because a lot of people have given 5 stars to it. Personally I would give it about 2 and a half stars.The main reasons for my low rating are:- The book jumps in to configuration commands without giving the proper links. The information is too disjointed. Too few actual configuration examples. The book seems littered with config commands without talking much about what info is shown by the specific show commands. How to use the commands in troubleshooting scenarios et al.- The way in which the information is presented could have been better. Concepts seem to have been explained in a half hearted manner. And per point one, the author jumps directly to config commands.+ The book does a good job at covering the exam. If you wanna clear the exam, this book is for you. However, if you wanna understand stuff and then actually clear the exam, be prepared to go to other sources. One excellent reference source is the CCIE Cisco LAN switching book. I ended up reading about 18 chapters (out of 20) from this book, and I only came to know about the CCIE book later on. I got it and yes it was worth every cent. Any concept (except QoS) that I needed clarification was present in the CCIE book
A Wonderful Novel Ruined by a Poor Translation. The Yangs' translation of "A Dream of Red Mansions" is extremely accurate. That's about the best thing to be said about it.Unlike David Hawkes and John Minford's masterful translation, which can stand on its own as a work of literature, this edition reads like...well, like a translation. The prose is flat, the puns of the original are translated literally, rather than being approximated as in the Hawkes-Minford version, and on the whole, the flavour of the original Chinese text is missing.A person trying to read the original Chinese text of "A Dream of Red Mansions" might find this translation useful to keep at hand for a side-by-side comparison; it reads like a translator's crib. The Yangs of this edition take fewer liberties with jokes, puns, and poems than do Hawkes and Minford. (I should stress that when Hawkes and Minford deviate from the original text, it is only in minor and inconsequential ways, and is always in service of the text.) The Yangs failed to realise, apparently, that being faithful to the precise words of a book isn't necessarily the same as being faithful to the spirit, and their translation is no fun at all to read
Vast - overrated - dull - affected and utterly boring. This book is a bore. Middle class English in the 60s. Everything that needs to be said has been said. Why bring this subject back up in the 1990s. Another English writer who writes beautifully but unfortunately, has nothing to say
Anybody can prattle on and on about how broken things are. [Sadly, many readers base their votes as tohow helpful a review is, on whether it agreeswith their own views. Few non-conservativeswould even bother reading reviews of a booklike this!]If you are a dyed-in-the-wool conservative merely looking for a feel-good experience in the form of an endless diatribe against liberals, this book is for you. Read no further. Buy the book.If, however, you are interested in solving the social problems that face our country today, and want to learn about the various merits and pitfalls of programs and suggestions for solving those problems, then you should forget this book and go in search of an author who cares at least as much about solving the problems as she does about dumping on liberals--because that's all you'll get here.Anybody can blather endlessly on what's broken; but to impress me, you have to suggest a better way--or at least give me the impression you actually care about resolving the problems in the first place. The problems historical to our welfare system, for example, are no secret to anyone. But hats off to those who care enough to keep trying to get it right. For her obvious lack of empathy, I can only assume MacDonald is among those many conservatives who, having gotten theirs, see no need for any form of welfare whatsoever, under any circumstance, and simply want it to disappear altogether. Such people say they would gladly help anyone "truly" in need--it's just that they can't imagine anyone ever actually being "truly" in need, because, to them, anyone in need is simply lazy.I am light years from being a left wing extremist, and I am absolutely FOR welfare reform, but I certainly know better than to cite examples of thirteen-year-old children to illustrate how people should be left to suffer the consequences of their irresponsible behaviors. What heartless fundamentalism! If you cannot understand how not having a decent parent can foster "irresponsible" behavior in a child--a child!, and demand that that child basically be left abandoned to her deserved punishment, then you have nothing meaningful to say. If your tough love isn't based on love, it is worthless.One of the 13-year-old children MacDonald discusses is a girl who was pregnant due to rape (not due to personal irresponsibility). Her siblings and parents were living horror stories of drugs and violence. Social workers sought to place the girl with other relatives, where she would have a more suitable environment for success. Instead of lauding those efforts, MacDonald's gripe about this case is that no one forced the girl to give up her baby. That there was no irresponsible behavior on the girl's part mattered not to MacDonald. The young woman should be made to suffer--for the rapist's irresponsibility, I guess.MacDonald takes every opportunity to depict the poor (and of course these would be the "undeserving" poor, since that is all she concerns herself with) in the worst possible light--anything to make any form of welfare look silly. If you are bright enough to understand that welfare is intended for the truly needy, not the "undeserving," and wonder how MacDonald would address the needs of a responsible person who is truly in need through some unfortunate circumstance beyond the person's control, don't hold your breath. She doesn't even acknowledge a need, and the last thing she would do in this book is to cite an example that might support even a conservative program to help the poor.The author cites projects that were clearly experimental, titled as such and referred to by MacDonald herself as experimental. Yet she then goes on at length to announce, as if bringing some great revelation to our attention, what failures they were. You'd think somebody was trying to incorporate them into routine policy! If nobody, or only a handful of extremists that no one is listening to, is arguing for something, why the pompous declarations? Answer: the point is to ridicule liberals, not find solutions.I heard this book in audio format, while traveling, and every few sentences, I could only blurt out, "But...!" because of the lapses of logic or, more frequently, important parts of the discussion totally ignored. What about the "deserving" needy? Or the "undeserving" needy who are, nevertheless, needy? Do we just let them starve? (MacDonald would not permit begging.) Maybe letting them starve is an argument of merit, but MacDonald only tells us how broken things are, she doesn't address solutions nor even outline what she sees as the problems--if any.She spends a chapter scoffing at the notion that homeless people would like to be housed. A study showed that many of them did not. Okay, that is a good thing to know, and it will inform our homeless policies. But again, don't hold your breath for MacDonald to discuss those who *do* need and want housing. Go to work for any homeless shelter (according to a friend who worked for several) and you will find cases of bright, formerly well-employed people who lost everything (often due to illness of a spouse). What about them? It is a non-issue with MacDonald, who finds it easier, and perhaps more fun, to scoff at those who care and try and make mistakes and try again. Nor does she address the endlessly botched (and largely conservative-based) healthcare policy in the U.S. and how it might directly relate to homelessness.Some of her strongest ridicule is reserved for anyone who would think self-esteem is important enough to pay any attention to, when we develop school policy. Again, anyone can cite the most absurdly extreme examples of experimental efforts. But isn't it equally absurd to suggest the choice has to be all or nothing? Hey, if *I* didn't need anyone to help foster self esteem in me, then why should some 9-year-old black kid who didn't have a father and who's mother was a junkie need it? I got *my* caring parents, you get yours!When MacDonald talks about the horrors of our museums trying to make their displays more diverse and inclusive, it frankly sounds like sour grapes. I mean, curators got a clue and started fixing things... damn! Even if (big IF) some museums have overcompensated in their laudable efforts toward balanced and inclusive presentations, she can't bring herself even to hint that perhaps indeed there was a problem to start with. Her attitude is like that of whites who complain that we don't have a "White Awareness Month." (In fact, in one of her examples, she complains that if a white student had written the same kind of essay that a black student had written, there would be outrage. Is that the extent of her rational insight and maturity?) If museums have erred on the side of too much diversity, after a couple of hundred years of erring on the side of too little, how bothered can a sane person get? Tweak the solution and move on! At this point it actually crossed my mind that MacDonald could be an "angry straight white man" using a pseudonym! We white males had it so good for so many years, and now that the scales tip a little closer to balance--or, God forbid, half an ounce too far--the sky is falling!One need not wonder whether MacDonald ever got as bent out of shape over too LITTLE diversity and minority representation as she does over her irrational fear that such issues might now be slightly overstated rather than grossly understated.There is no question that caring can go too far, or, better put, that many things that have been tried haven't worked or need tweaking. No one disputes it. But what is the point of announcing, almost with apparent glee, that something didn't work? A meaningful, worthwhile work would discuss the problems themselves and attempt to make another inch-worth of progress toward resolving them. To imply that the old ways were just fine doesn't cut it for me.I have a longstanding commitment to hearing all sides, and that's why I endured this marathon rant. It was largely a waste of time, because I already knew what was wrong. The only reason the book rates a star is that you do learn some history, some details about the things that were wrong--which can be interesting for the learning, if not for a solution. The only reason for an undeserved second star is to keep from looking like an extremist that people won't bother to read. Other reviewers who gave this book only one or two stars are right on the mark. They say it better than I. Take a look at them.As for the audio version, the reader drones about as much as one possibly could. The only excitement or change in tone seems to be in direct quotes when she livens up to make a minority person sound as dumb as she can, or to make an opposing view sound as silly as possible. Count on a lot of coffee if you want to stay on the road with this one.
Very Dissapointed. While the pictures in &quot;The Jewel Box Garden&quot; are great and may provide the reader with some inspiration, the author's condescending and judgemental text is pedestrian and fails to provide the reader with any original ideas regarding how to think about and plan a great place in a small space.
Growing Your Business is really Og Mandino light. Mark tries hard to offer something of value here, and, on some level, he succeeds. But if you want the real thing, get Og Mandino's The Greatest Salesman in the World. Mark borrows heavily from a real master and Grow Your Business is really Og Mandino Light mixed with other ideas borrowed from the likes of Napolean Hill and Clement Stone. Go to the them directly for a direct flow of original ideas
&quot;A Candidate for worst book ever written&quot;. In only a thousand words??!  How could anyone describe how bad this book is in a thousand words? The author starts out to prove that Sagan was wrong and ends up proving that he was right.  This is about as bad as  pseudoscience gets.   I started off willing to be objective, but I started  laughing after page eleven.  Don't buy this book; it's simply silly and  often so bad that I have to think the author meant to lie and cheat
The most overrated book ever written. This book is a perfect example of people in ivory towers, and those who are afraid to admit they don't get it, jumping on a 5-star bandwagon. Faulkner titled this book perfectly, calling it The Sound And The Fury, while leaving out the rest of the phrase: signifying nothing. The first chapter is a noble, but failed, attempt at creativity. But almost no one, even the most well-read people, understands that the first chapter is written out of chronological order until they find out someplace else. The chapter's main point was as an excuse to get in Faulkner's description of what instigated the novel, a somewhat kinky description of looking up at the girl Caddy's muddy panties. A fatal flaw in the chapter, which never achieves a rhythm, is that Benjy, whose thoughts comprise the chapter, apparently has a photographic memory and thinks in completely lucid, complete sentences despite being an idiot. Caddy, the main character in a novel of stereotypes and pitiful prose, is actually a despicable trollop. She's characterized as Benjy's friend, but a careful reading shows that she only befriends him when it's convienent for her. Other chapters are even more sick than Benjy's castration, including the one with Caddy's brother lusting after her, or the hackneyed, clich chapter with the old slave showing how much wiser she is than folk she serves. The Cliffs notes and other reviews perpetuate the idea that the book's theme is the downfall of the old plantation system. This is an invention; not found in the book. S&F, as Faulkner loudly hints in the title, is about nothing other than his infatuation with Caddy. It has no plot. And it is far from a great insight into the way people think. Only perverts think as these characters do. In the end, this novel is just page after page of sheer boredom. It's supposed to be a great book of human tragedy, but to feel tragedy you have to sympathize with the characters ... and all of the white characters in this novel are disgusting. All of its supposed great meaning, and the flip-flop in reviews from castigating to praising the experimental style, weren't dreamed up until 15 years after the first printing flopped, by literary professors who have to keep coming up with new ideas under the "publish or perish" law. It was only revisited because Faulkner did, eventually, write some good books. You want truly great writing? Try Steinbeck, Welty, Hemingway, Harper Lee, Dickens, Twain, Tolkien, Melville, Dostoyevsky, O. Henry, Wells, Verne, Maugham, Crane or even Rowling (Yes, Rowling. Her Potter books are complex, effortlessly intertwine several story lines and sublimely combine strong characterization, suspense and humor)
Very dissapointing. I bought this book here on Amazon because of its cover and description but had I thumbed through its pages in a bookstore then I never would have bought it.144 pages of its 236 total pages are very primitive illustrations and the seal of the individual spirit. Even those only take up half a page each. I would say that well over 60% of this book is just padding.Other than the few pages that describe the evocation of Orobas I would say that this book stinks and that there is nothing new or useful in it for anybody who has any of the key of solomon texts.
The Old-Soldier of Art History Texts never dies (unfortunately). . . . Gardners' has long been regarded as the rather stuffy "bible" of art history texts, mainly because of its commercial longevity (it's been around since the 1930s). Recent editions have suffered under recent editorship. The addition of tiresome "clever" subtitles, coupled with the creeping-in of a new shallower "touchy-feelie" approach to the exegesis of the artworks--no doubt intended to perk-up this withering old warhorse--are sad things to behold. Readers are well-advised to select instead the far superior ART HISTORY by MARILYN STOKSTAD. It is everything Gardners' used to be...and more
Well written....poorly argued. Susan Juster's Disorderly Women is well written, but her arguments concerning the &quot;feminine&quot; nature of early Evangelicalism and its transition to a more masculine form in the late 18th century are extremely poor.  She relies mostly on her own heavily biased opinions, when in many cases, the primary source evidence she provides clearly contradicts her.  On the whole, this book does a great disservice to anyone who would ever attempt to reasonably argue any of what is covered within this book, as Juster so completely fails in arguing her thesis that one is inclined to believe that just the opposite is probably true
Psychobabble Garbage. These are the type of books and garbage that let an actual  abuser get away with harrassing an ex-spouse and using a child as a pawn.  Doesn't anyone realize that this gives guilty people a loophole to pass the blame for the degradation of a parent child- relationship to someone else.  If your child doesn't like you, then you need to look inward at your own shortcomings and fix yourself, not look outward for someone to blame, just because admitting the truth is too difficult.  Maybe your child just doesn't like you...and maybe the child really has been abused. I've had about enough of all these fake syndromes.  I read this book and I am appalled.  No child who truly loves and admires a parent can be manipulated into "revisionist history" and being poisoned.  Society needs to give children more credit than that...and the authors of these "books" need to find something else to do.  Only a lemming would be so stupid as to follow this author's suggestion that parental alienation is possible simply by "telling" a child anything.  Children will continue to love and admire a parent who is worthy regardless of circumstances. If you've lost their love and affection you have only yourself to blame.  My ex tells my son terrible things about me all the time, and my son simply comes home and tells me what is said.  He follows that up with "I love you" and "I know the things that are said aren't nice".  It has not damaged my relationship with my son whatsoever, but my ex has lost the respect of this child.  Think about what is in this book, and then put it down and run...never to follow this kind of bunk again
Not what I expected. This book was not really what I was looking for.  I wanted to think about negotiation generally, and how I as a woman am approaching it, and how I can be more effective.  Although the book has some limited general advice at the beginning, almost all of the book focuses on specific situations (buying a car, getting a divorce, etc.)  Since all of the situations presented were inapplicable to me, the book was of limited value.  Readers interested in this title should check the table of contents and excerpt on this page.  I would not have picked this book if those features had been available when I bought it
A Book to Make Its Readers Angry (For the Wrong Reasons). I found The Whole Woman more antagonistic and needlessly controversial than enlightening. Greer makes it quite clear that there is exactly one feminist left on the planet, and she is it.I'm hard-pressed to think of any third-wave feminists who live up to her standards. To do so, you would have to be an earth-mother living in a separatist commune with her lesbian lover. There's nothing wrong with that lifestyle, but it's not one to which most feminists would aspire. It's not one to which I aspire.Also, it's as limiting a construction of womanhood as the patriarchal one she deplores. What do you do if you are heterosexual? It's all very well for her to say that you can reconstruct yourself as a lesbian, but that's as insulting as the implication that homosexuals just need to try hard enough and they can be heterosexual.In a similar vein, I found her views of men particularly unpleasant. She suggests in no uncertain terms that they're all potential adulterers, rapists, child-abusers, wife-beaters, misogynists, etc . . . etc . . ., and that any woman who wants an equal, non-exploitative relationship had better become a lesbian. It's hard to see it as anything but pure slander, backed up by the flimsiest of anecdotal evidence. Just because you can cite a few cases of sickos who get turned on by their baby daughters in their nightgowns does not mean that all fathers will inevitably turn to abuse.The rest of the book is no better. It's very poorly researched and argued, and parts of it verge into the insane. She seems particularly taken with the idea of "primitive" women as whole women, because they aren't bound by Western concepts of femininity. What she doesn't mention is that those women experience the same oppression that Western feminists fought long and hard to overcome. They might not wear bras or high-heels, but that doesn't make them any less oppressed by patriarchy. It seems obvious to me that women from tribal societies do not generally have much real political power, but are doomed to bear lots of children and die young. When she does look at the appalling aspects of those societies, she puts a positive spin on them. There's even a section where she seems to defend female genital mutilation.Also, I can imagine that some of her ill-informed views are extremely offensive to people in those situations. She describes IVF as patriarchal appropriation of and interference into the process of reproduction. Similarly, she suggests that women who don't opt for natural childbirth (without anaesthetic, of course) are allowing men to remove them from the process. It's utterly disrespectful of the choices women may choose to make, not because they've internalised their oppression but because inseminating themselves with a turkey-baster seems vaguely ludicrous or because they don't want to experience agonising pain.It's been a while since I read a feminist book that made me angry and this one does so for all the wrong reasons. It makes me embarrassed to call myself a feminist.
I can't believe someone would read this!!. I found this book extremely boring and very hard to read.  The conversations don't flow and the interaction between characters seems abrupt.  In fact, I didn't even finish the book that is how borning it was.  Now, I don't normally review every book I read unless I have very strong feelings and this produced a very strong sense of a waste of time!!!  Do yourself a favor and get another book.  Maybe something by Diane Mott Davidson
Not very readable. I have found it very challenging to get through this book.  It is written in a very academic style and focuses considerably on previous research.  I cannot understand from the discussion exactly what is being put forward as relevant understandings in today's world.  I wish I had a dollar for every time the author says 'as I argued in...'  or 'what I will argue in...'.  This is driving me nuts. I have had a couple of tries at ploughing through this book but I just can't cope with the writing style
Now irrelevant. Shaughnessy now has to find a different schtick; the Sox have won the World Series, and now we won't have to hear about made-up curses ever again. Go Sox
ASK A SILLY QUESTION ... Richard Rothstein is no more qualified to advise on education than the new governor of California  (who is a body-builder).  The  objective of education is economic self-sufficiency.  Getting ahead in life requires connections, not "knowledge."  American blacks are denied connections.  We all  know why and how.  The black-white gap which Rothstein writes about  is not  information but access.Valuable  knowledge is learned on the job, not in school. Teachers do not control access, employers do.  Blacks who are told otherwise are being cheated.Centuries ago schools were for the elite, whose privileged  positiion in life was predestined.  This was not changed by free public schools.  America's political leaders never learned this fundamental lesson.   US Grant  - who in fact  liberated blacks - imagined blacks would quickly join mainstream   America.  KKK put an end to that dream.  Just saying again and again that there is a gap does not  acknowledge the reality.  Ask a bona fide teacher.When black youth knows  schooling will be rewarded, education will command respect.Wallace F. Smith,  Walnut Creek, C
It's ok. I was a little disappointed. There were a few tidbits that I liked but other than that, nothing I didn't know. Kind of a "preaching to the choir" kind of book in my opinion.
Survivor in Death. the beginning of this book was excellent, but dont be fooled, the first few chapters are the only decent part of this book.  the rest of the book is just filled with sex and the ultimate downfall is that there is no foreshadowing to the killers. what's the point of writing it if the reader cant try to figure out who the murderers were.  this was one of the worst books i have ever read, i'd call it a trashy romance novel with a hint of mystery. dont waste your time reading it
From Uruguay South America. I agree 100% with Mr. Steven Epstein's review (February 7, 2000), about Dr America: The Lives of Thomas A Dooley 1927-1961 by James Fishe
